around and Nebulus was the first in, followed by the two newbees as 
Nemesis viewed it.  
	"I hope we can trust these two!" firmly whispered Nemesis to 
Slash, who gave him her look of approval before jumping in.  Within 
seconds the whole team was in the sewer system.  Pipes lined the old 
concrete and stone walls.  The water level was only thigh deep so it didn't 
prove to be very cumbersome.  
	"You checked this place out OK, right 3?" asked Nebulus over the 
comm.
	"Two gates were cleared.  Everything is a go."
	Night vision glasses allowed easy travel through the system for 
the first fifty or so feet until voices were heard from behind.  Everyone 
stopped.  Aberdon, who was trailing, turned around, crouching to the 
water level.  It sounded like kids.  Then it was as two street punks stuck 
their heads down into the sewers looking for the vanished group of 
strangers.  One reached a hand down below his head, visibly carrying a 
flash light.  Before he tuned it on, two silent needler shots were fired and 
the bodies of two dead kids splashed into the water below, creating a little 
wake that was eventually felt by the assassin.
	"Too bad" said Nemesis leading the group once again through the 
small cavern.  "Let's go."  They traveled through the sewers with very 
little trouble.  The tunnels were relatively flat and the footing was still 
firm due to the recent construction of Cryon some 10 years ago.  Nemesis' 
night vision led them on until the man hole cover was reached near the 
loading docks of the company.  "God.  How does the weather look?" asked 
Nebulus, who had unzipped the top part of his suit after reaching the 
ladder which led to the surface.
	Jack had been in the net for some time now, checking on 
programs, root operations, and watching out for ICE.  "Security checking 
will be done in one minute" came back Jack.
	'One minute.  Come on.  Hurry up' thought Nemesis, quite eager to 
get this job started.  The adrenalizer was beginning to take effect.  
Watches were being checked until the second before the security 
program checker was finished, exactly 5:10 AM.
	"Go" said Jack.  Nebulus had already shed his wet suit and Nemesis 
had slid the man hole cover out of the way while being covered by 
Donna.  Nebulus was the first out, quickly running up to the docking 
door.  He was quickly followed by the rest of the group who crouched by 
the sides of the door, waiting for Nemesis to put the cover back on.  He 
finished and regrouped with the team who had taken off their glasses to 
allow their eyes to adjust to the indoor light emanating from the door.  
Nebulus entered.  He quickly walked down the hallway and turned left 
towards the security desk that monitored that side of the complex.  The 
security guard at the desk came into view and stood up as he approached 
the desk.
	"Who are you and what are you doing in this section of the 
building?" the guard asked in a not so calm tone of voice.  Obviously the 
security had been upgraded for Operation Revolt.
	Nebulus walked around so that he was next to the guard.  "We've 
got a problem in section 5" he replied bringing his arm from behind his 
back.  He thrust his hand forward into the guards throat, knocking him 
out with a stunner.  The guard shakingly fell to the floor and was kicked 
under the desk.  TV monitors lined the panel in front of him that had 
four jack in sites.  
	"God this is one.  Secure all personnel sensors and override all 
subsystems in this section to me" spoke Nebulus outloud into his comm 
mic.  
		Jack looked down onto the gaming board on the 
	table in front of him.  An elaborate table top created like 
	an old model train scene had been transformed into a 
	World War II battlefield.  Moving armies in Eastern Europe 
	moved on the forest-like layout depicting the different 
	programs going on.  He immediately spotted the correct 
	security program that monitored the security personnel's 
	heart rate from individual sensors mounted on their 
	watch bands.  He touched his finger to a spot near the 
	army foot soldier representing the algorithm and blinked 
	into the battlefield in front of the corporal with his 
	superuser privileges and general's uniform.  He 	
	immediately attacked the young soldier with his bayonet-
	tipped M1 rifle and fought him down to the ground where 
	he thrust the nine inch bayonet blade into the soldiers 
	chest, terminating the program's operation.  He returned 
	to his chair in front of the table again, this time wearing 
	a replica of Patton's uniform.  "Done" was his reply to 
	Nebulus.
	"Team in" ordered Nebulus who took control of the video cameras, 
freezing them onto walls.  He jumped into cyberspace with his God given 
superuser access to check for personnel in the area.  A map of the floor 
came up with personnel locations and details.  He jumped out, routing the 
ground floor and the first three basements to the monitors in front of 
him.  
	The team quickly arrived, hauling their over-and-under 
weapons, and party favors with them.  A quick look at the monitors and 
Nemesis was off first seeking the entrance to the elevators.  Slash took 
off after him, followed by the two others right behind.  The corridors 
were lightly painted and had industrial carpet lining most of the halls.  
A few more turns through the halls and the group came to a halt behind 
a wall, separating them from the two security officers stationed at the 
elevator.
	"One.  Problem at elevator" whispered Nemesis into his mic.
	"Security at elevator 4, sector 6g : move promptly to sector 5g and 
report back in to gate on arrival" announced Nebulus, speaking into the 
security's comm.  The guards looked at each other for a moment, 
questioning the command from their security base.
	"Request secure ID verification" came back one of the guards.
	"ID hold out 764421 confirm" replied Nebulus, reading the code 
from one of the monitors.  The guard motioned to his partner and the two 
walked off towards sector 5g, watching the offices as they went.  As they 
moved out of site, the lights indicating that the elevator was moving 
down turned on.  The group stayed still.
	"One.  Someone's on the..." spoke Slash.
	"Team.  Backtrack to stairs.  Take first flight down and move 
towards sector 2."  Donna spun around and headed back first, frantically 
leading the group.  If they were caught now, the show would be over 
right then.  The stairs soon appeared in a side corridor and were entered.   
The heavy fire-proof door was shut with a soft thud and Slash was the 
first to go down the concrete stairs.  The walls were solid white and were 
dimly lit by night security lights.  
	The door to the first subbasement was reached and opened.  Slash 
peered around and saw no one.  The walls were only four feet tall in this 
sector.  Offices were separated by a few grids of these as far as she could 
tell by the dim light.  Shadows snaked down the halls, carving light into 
odd shapes and strokes by the bookcases and supporting pillars.  The 
team entered the floor and proceeded right along the hallway.  
	"No guards until the elevator" spoke Nebulus into his comm.  The 
team hugged the right wall, silently treading down the hallway, 
stopping every twenty feet to check to make sure no guards were 
walking rounds within the offices.  Just because the security monitors 
didn't show any guards, there was no absolute guarantee.
	Sector 2 was finally reached.  Nemesis looked at his watch.  
5:11:43.  Just a bit behind schedule, but nothing significant enough to 
worry about.
	"Let's take the stairs from now on" whispered Donna.  "That way, 
they can't track us."
	"Forget it.  The elevator's right nearby" darted Nemesis 
continuing on in the general direction of the elevator.  'Who the fuck 
does she think she is!  This is my plan and my attack.  She's just along for 
the ride!'  They reached the corner of the hallway in front of the 
elevator.
	"Watch out!  There's..." trailed Nebulus.
	"One.  What's it like?" asked Nemesis, itching to get into a fight 
right about now.
	"Hold it right there!  Don't move!" yelled a guard from behind the 
group.  They slowly turned around as two more guards came from the 
elevator area.  They all had on armored vests and carried high caliber 
handguns, all pointed at the group.  "Sidney, call into base and notify 
them to send more people!" commanded the first guard, still pointing his 
gun at Slash.  "Drop it now!"
	Nemesis faced the two guards that had come from the elevator and 
slowly started to pivot around towards Aberdon who was right behind 
him.  Slash and Donna began to put their weapons on the ground, 
crouching in anticipation.
	"Base, this is" spoke a guard into his comm.
	"Now!" yelled Nemesis, laying down a spray of needlers at the two 
guards in front of him.  Aberdon spun around in Slash's direction 
cutting the first guard to pieces with an array of silenced hard 
ammunition.  Three guards now lay dead on the floor, their blood 
staining the carpet underneath them.
	"I told you we needed armor piercers" spoke Nemesis at Aberdon.  
"Anything less, wouldn't have killed them."
	"Too bad for standard armor vests.  Next time, wear something 
better than that" scoffed Slash grinning over the dead bodies.
	"Team, what's up?" asked Nebulus over the comm.
	"Thanks for the warning, one.  We just waxed three of 'em" 
replied Nemesis, dragging one into an office room.  The other two were 
placed under the desks in one of the nearby offices as well in hope of 
temporarily concealing their presence.
	The elevator door was opened and the group entered, pressing the 
button for subbasement 4 on the panel.  The doors shut and the elevator 
began to move down.
	"Guards in sector 2DD, report to sector 4DD immediately" spoke 
Nemesis into the security comm.  He looked back at the monitors, 
bringing up the bottom two levels.  'More guards at the key points.  More 
security blockades to bypass.  Shit.  Guards are moving in on the elevator 
in sector 2DD.'
	  "One, this is God.  Security ID failed.  They won't listen to you 
now.  Presently blocking communications to other sectors."
	"What the hell happened" asked Nebulus getting quite pissed by 
now that the plan was getting fucked up.
	"The security is tighter than I thought.  Out."
	The elevator stopped, but it wasn't at subbasement 4.  The team 
looked around and at the panel, trying to find out what was wrong.  
"Team, this is God.  Break out of the top hatch and find another way back 
into the building.  Security is on to you."
	"Shit!" yelled Nemesis very mad that the plan had failed.
	"We're still in so don't fuck up!" yelled Slash.	
	"Everybody, get back!" yelled Aberdon, pushing the group to the 
opposing side of the elevator from the doors.  He aimed his grenade 
launcher from under his gun, and fired at the floor, just under the doors.  
	"NO!!!!" yelled Slash.  Before she could do anything about it, the 
grenade impacted on the floor and exploded filling the cabin with fire, 
smoke and a shock wave that threw everyone to the floor.  The far side of 
the floor blew out destroying the lower part of the doors as well.  Slowly, 
Slash looked up to view the damage, her ears were ringing from the 
blast.  Black smoke filled the cabin allowing almost no visibility.  
	"Two.  What the hell can you see?" she asked Nemesis, pulling him 
to sit up.
	He switched his eyes to infra-red and then to ultraviolet, trying 
to get a better picture of the cabin.  "The floor's about half gone and the 
doors are severely damaged."  The cabin swayed a little in the elevator 
shaft as the team began to regain itself.
	"One this is three.  How the hell do we get out of here!" screamed 
Slash into her comm.  The earphone just buzzed; the diaphragm 
completely shredded from the shock wave.  "One this is three, come in."  
Nothing.  "Shit!  We're cut off!  Why the fuck did you blow the elevator 
like that you moron!?  You killed the goddamn comms!" she yelled 
throwing her comm to the ground.
	"Wait.  Elevator ladder.  Come on" said Nemesis venturing into the 
grayish-black smoke, his mask temporarily giving him a filter to breath 
through.  His adrenaline pushing him onward, Nemesis crouched near 
the hole and reached out for the rung of the ladder nearest to him.
	"God, this is one.  Secure fire alarms and all security sectors not 
in this area.  I want my team to be shut off from everyone else.  We've 
lost communications with them."  
		Jack stood up from his playing board and 
	proceeded to another one :  another level of security.  He 
	sat down at the second board dressed in a Civil War 
	General's uniform.  The gold braids from his blue epaulets 
	dangled near the surface as he closely looked over the 
	terrain.  He found where he wanted to be and placed his 
	finger at the spot only to appear there instantly.  
		He stood in the Union Army's camp under overcast 
	skies looking around for the program he wanted to kill.  
	"Young man, come here!" he yelled in a northern accent 
	at one of the messenger boys.
		"Yes sir" the boy said breathing hard from 
	carrying messages as he stood at attention in front of 
	General Jack.  His weathered uniform and tattered pants 
	could hardly be classified as a uniform, but yet it worked 
	well with his position.
		"Where can I find the lad who's carryin' the 
	message about the fire?"
		"That'd be me, sir.  I'm sorry I haven't gotten it out 
	yet, but they blocked my normal way out and I can't get 
	by."
		"Why don't you give the message to me and I'll 
	make sure that it gets out, son" he said holding his gloved 
	hand outward to the young boy.
		"But sir, I.."
		"Now, son!" he commanded, lowering his voice to a 
	thunderous growl.
		"Yes sir." he replied giving Jack the message.  He 
	looked confused with the order, but was not about to 
	disobey a general.
		"Now git goin' kid."  The boy turned slowly around 
	and then started to walk off looking for another problem 
	to report.  Then he collapsed about ten feet from Jack as 
	his head exploded from the .50 caliber flint lock pistol ball 
	that pierced the back of his head.  No one paid attention as 
	they were not programmed to monitor his operation.  He 
	landed face first into the muddy ground as Jack put the 
	gun back in it's holster at his side and blinked out of the 
	board, leaving the message to be erased.
	Nebulus had yet to be nervous, but he wasn't exactly calm 
anymore as he found the remote sensing information and popped it up 
on the screen of one of his monitors.  After a little searching he changed 
the monitors to display the motion sensor and thermal sensor 
information from the different floors.  'Elevator shaft.  What the fuck 
are they doing in a goddamn elevator shaft?' he thought to himself.
	"Hold it right there, mister!" yelled a guard from behind Nebulus.  
"Don't move, don't even breathe!"  The guard and his two counterparts 
slowly walked around, surrounding him at the guard desk.  "Do you 
really think we were that stupid!?" asked the guard.
	"Who the hell are you and what are you doing in my sector?" 
confronted Nebulus, unfamiliar with the uniforms.  The guards were 
decked out in military-style commando garb, carrying heavy caliber 
rifles and explosives.
	"We're the other half of the security that you didn't take into 
consideration in your plan.  Now shut up!"
	"Hey!  There is no other side of security that I don't know about!  
Now put those guns down before I notify security and make this a big 
mess!" ordered Nebulus, standing up to face the leader of the group who 
stood on the other side of the security desk across from him.  'Shit.  
Heavy bore weapons, needlers, grenades and explosives.  They really are 
military.  Lieutenant DeGrace.  Oh, shit...' he thought to himself as his 
eyes looked down to the ground in front of his adversaries' boots.  A 
single hand stuck out underneath the desk.
	"Mistake number one, asshole.  Now sit down" said Lieutenant 
DeGrace.  He slowly gripped the arms of the chair and sat down, hoping 
that the commandos wouldn't take notice of what was on the monitors 
yet.  'Come on Jack.  Call me.  Call me.'
	"One this is God."
	"One is dead" was his only reply.  The monitors blinked out and 
Nebulus' comm went dead as one of the commando's behind him grabbed 
him by the throat and forced him to the ground backwards, shoving a 
needler into his throat as his head firmly hit the floor.
	"Your body armor won't protect you from this, now will it" 
sneered the commando, living for the fight.  Nebulus just laughed, and 
continued to laugh sarcastically until he was silenced with the butt of a 
gun against his head.
	"The hunt is on" spoke the Lieutenant into his comm.
		"Damn.  Now what the fuck am I supposed to do?" 
	Jack talked to himself in the net, surrounded by the 
	playing fields and game boards of the blue lit room.  "Wait.  
	Who took him out?"  He moved from board to board 
	checking all the different systems that were running, 
	personnel marks, timelines and on.  With a single 
	thought, twenty more boards came into play on the 
	ceiling above his head.  It was just like the feet of the 
	tables were nailed to the ceiling.  "Ah, I love tesseracts!" 
	Jack announced with a smile as he changed perspective 
	and jumped onto the ceiling to view the new playing 
	fields :  thermal and motion sensors of every floor in their 
	sector.  "Time for some fun!"
	By now the team had climbed down the elevator shaft ladder to 
within sight of the fourth subbasement.    Nemesis lead the way down 
with Donna, Slash and Aberdon following closely behind.  Their weapons 
slung and both hands holding onto the ladder, Nemesis pondered what an 
easy target they would be if anyone would open one of the doors and find 
them there.
	"Team this is God...God....God..." echoed one of the speakers in the 
shaft.  Slash looked around, trying to find the source without any luck.  
	"God, where are you!" Slash yelled, clinging onto the ladder, not 
allowing herself to look down.
	"I can't hear you, but I know where you are.  Keep going and 
hurry up.  One is dead so get out as soon as possible."
	"Shit!" screamed Slash.  The reality of the challenge was at hand.  
'Have we come this far only to be finished off.  Goddamn it.  I knew it was 
too big!' she thought to herself, as they descended closer to the elevator 
door.
	They reached subbasement 4 in no time and stopped to gather 
their weapons for an assault.  "Guys, we're one minute behind schedule.  
Since Nebulus is out, I say we just take out everything in our way and get 
out in the same manner" Nemesis said, looking back up the ladder.  'Nice 
ass, Donna.  We'll have to fuck when we get out of here.'
	"Let's do it!" snarled Slash.  'Pay back time.  Now the fun begins.'
	As the team climbed away from the door, Nemesis pulled out a 
magnetic explosive and secured it to the doors, sliding down the ladder in 
time for the doors to be completely destroyed.  Aberdon was the first into 
the hall.  The doors were shredded onto the floor nearby and the bodies 
of two guards lay among the scattered debris.  A quick look around and 
the shielded doors were closing quickly, locking the area out due to the 
explosion.  The team reassembled in the hall.
	"Team, this is God.  I can talk you through to the strike zone.  Go 
forward to the first door and I'll open it!" he ordered.  The team took off.  
Jack looked onto the master board for the sector, viewing what was going 
on.  "Enemy on other side, door opening now!" he yelled into the 
microphone next to him on the table.  The team crouched next to the 
walls as the door slid open.  Four guards were waiting just like Jack had 
said, and were soon disposed of by a sneak attack of needlers and hard 
ammo as the door opened.  They ran ahead down the hall, now lit by 
security lights.  The concrete walls and hard metal doors concealed labs 
and computer rooms by the dozens as they continued down the straight, 
tiled hallway.
	"Six guards commin' from the right hallway!" yelled Jack.  
Nemesis and the team slowed down and slid next to the facing wall of the 
hallway.  "Shutting blockade" said Jack as the solid metal shielding door 
fell into place, locking the guards out of range.  The group continued on.  
	Running towards the next intersection, Nemesis veered towards 
the left hallway.  They turned into the hallway, only to be stopped by a 
solid door, again.  Slash and Donna ran back a few steps, watching their 
backs.
	"God, we got a door" yelled Nemesis, knowing that he wouldn't be 
heard anyways.  
	"Incoming!" yelled Slash as a squad of commandos came down the 
hallway in full force.  Donna opened up and let out a spray of hard 
ammo, hitting a few, but having little effect.
	"Shit!  They're armored!" she yelled as the two men got in 
position.  Scraping fire bounced off the walls around Donna as she fell to 
the ground, trying to get out of the way of the action.
	"Now!" yelled Aberdon.  He and Nemesis ducked around the corner 
with their weapons, laying down fire.  The commandos taking cover 
against some of the walls that led into other hallways began putting 
down another layer of ammo at the two.  Donna jumped out a little to 
thrown down a flash mine.  She was nicked by two rounds in the chest 
and fell backward just as the mine exploded, sending up a high intensity 
flash explosion.  Slash jumped out just as it went off and fired two mini-
grenades which impacted directly above the cowering attackers.  
Aberdon and Nemesis took off down the hallway after the commando 
position and engaged themselves in the fight by firing at the 
commandos at point blank range.  Taking a few hits each, they pressed 
through the group until they were out of ammunition.  The smoke from 
the grenades had cleared and there were only a few more left.  Nemesis 
picked up the nearest one and slammed his fist into his face, crushing 
every bone from the impact.  The commando grabbed Nemesis' arm just 
as he was thrown into the wall behind him and forgotten about as 
Nemesis' attacked his next victim.  Soon the floor was littered with 
bloodied camouflage, their broken armor not strong enough against 
specialized armor piercing rounds.  Slash and Donna joined the two men 
in the middle of the battlefield.
	"Now this is what I call a fight!" yelled Nemesis allowing his 
adrenalizer to get the most of him.  
	"Military commandos.  Looks like we underestimated Cryon a little 
bit.  Let's move" said Slash, leading the team back to the door.  Reloads 
and armor checks were made.  Scrape marks in her armor were only left 
in Donna's chest where she was hit.
	"5:14:39" said Nemesis.
	"Team, God here.  Door opening in 2 seconds."
	"It's about goddamn time" hissed Aberdon.  The door slid upward 
surprising the group who was ready for anything now.  Another squad 
of commandos were lying on the ground, as if they had collapsed.  
	"Nerve gas is great isn't it" came Jack's voice over the speakers.
	"That boy's crazy" blurted Slash.  They relaxed their weapons 
enough to start running down the hallway towards the last blockade.  
	Jack watched intently at the movement of the team from within 
the computers.  "OK.  Alarms deactivated.  Explosives deactivated.  
Communications deactivated" he spoke to himself.  He constantly went 
over the area again and again in a split seconds making sure that 
nothing would go wrong once the team was in place.
	The last blockade was passed without any problems.  Labs with 
built in windows now lined the concrete substructure.  The halls were 
relatively dark, but shadows from the security night lights lined the 
walls.  
	"The lab should be up around the next corner" cautiously spoke 
Slash to Nemesis who was running side by side with her in the wide 
corridors.  Weapons pointed forward, they slowed to a brisk walk to 
within inches of the intersection that led to the target site.  'There's got 
to be a squad here' repeated Nemesis in his head.  'Come on, let's go, let's 
go!' anxiously thought Slash, ready to get the job over with.
	"Intruder is using armor piercers.  Stop them at all costs.  It's up 
to you, McGletspy" Lieutenant DeGrace's voice came over the military 
comm to the guards posted out front of the labs for Project Revolt.
	'Time to start the show' thought Nemesis to himself.  He pointed to 
his eyes while holding a flash mine in his fingers.  Everyone 
understood.  They took their positions around each other, ready for 
attack as Nemesis slid the flash mine smoothly across the floor in the 
direction of the target.  A second later, Nemesis' polarized CRI's viewed 
the four guards decked out in armored gear and heavy bore weapons as 
the flash mine went off, not too far from their position in front of the 
metal lab door.  Heavily armored in urban camouflage, Kevlar II body 
armor and carrying anti-terrorist attack gear, the four commandos 
opened fire immediately after the flash dimmed.  Their anti-radiation 
goggles protecting them from the burn of the mine allowed their 
weapons to pinpoint Nemesis' head in their sites, only to miss by his fast 
reflexes.
	"Four in armor!" yelled Nemesis over his shoulder while bringing 
his gun up for an assault.  The barrage silenced for a millisecond.  
	"Get back!" screamed Slash, pulling Donna with her.  A 
minigrenade exploded on the corner wall and was followed by three 
more that left more shrapnel than damaged concrete.
	"Hold this" said Aberdon shedding his equipment pack, 
containing some of the explosives.  "Let's do it!" he yelled, throwing two 
grenades into the hallway.  Right after impact, he and Nemesis began 
the attack by charging into the intersecting hallway to face the 
commandos head on.   Spraying needlers and hard ammo, the firing line 
pressed forward towards the commandos.  Without time to react from the 
grenade, the commandos began taking damage as the onslaught 
continued on.  Their armor being torn away from the ammunition, the 
guards soon fell to the ground without an escape route.  A quick release 
from one of the commandos launched a minigrenade at the line.  Moving 
out of its way, Aberdon and Nemesis lost position as the grenade exploded 
behind them.  Unsatisfied, however, Nemesis took control by directly 
attacking one of the commandos in close combat.  Weakened from the 
fire fight, the commando fought to gain balance as Nemesis picked him 
up off the ground by the throat, throwing his gun to the side for the 
challenge.  Kicking with his bloodied leg and grabbing with his hands, 
the commando fought until Nemesis slammed his fist into his face.  The 
anti-gas goggles exploded under the pressure.  The commando went limp 
in Nemesis' hands as he pulled his fist out of the commando's face, 
leaving only a crushed and bleeding lifeless body to slump to the ground 
with a release of his grip.  One other commando ran towards Nemesis, but 
was cut short as Aberdon gunned him down, finding weak points in the 
sides of his armor.  Nemesis reached down towards one of his kills of the 
day to get another weapon in time to head kill one of the other guards 
preparing to fire on Aberdon.  Weapons pointed at the head of the 
remaining one, Lieutenant McGletspy.
	Panting from the adrenaline rush, Nemesis lowered his barrel to 
walk closer to the Lieutenant.  The Lieutenant's leg and chest were 
bleeding from needlers.  He held his chest with his hand under his shirt, 
provocatively looking at the approaching Nemesis.
	"Eat me mother fucker!" yelled the Lieutenant, holding in his 
now exposed hand a death mine :  a high explosive that personnel carry 
for hopeless situations.  
	"Get out!" yelled Nemesis, running backwards and diving for the 
nearest intersecting hallway only a few steps away.  Aberdon let out a 
few rounds into the Lieutenant's skull but not in time to silence the 
mine.  A millisecond later, it erupted into a ball of fire, engulfing 
Aberdon.  A cloud of fire flew down the corridors, running over the rest 
of the party that had taken cover by kissing the ground.  The shockwave 
from the blast echoed its anger down the corridors until the fire itself 
had died away.  Slowly Nemesis pulled himself up off of the ground.  
Putting out a few fires that had started on his suit, he gradually made his 
way back to the battlefield.  
	Donna and Slash stood at the tip of a large blood pool.  Aberdon's 
body was now in six pieces, his extremities lying on the ground near 
him.  Blood stains and body parts cluttered the ceiling, walls and floor 
where the commandos had been.  All their bodies were now soaked, 
burning and scattered all about the hall.  Donna moved over to Nemesis 
and handed him her gun.
	"Gimme your K1 and let's get this over with" she softly spoke.  
Nemesis' large hand took hold of the grip and pointed it towards the 
facing locked door.  He let loose a minigrenade which exploded, 
destroying the locking mechanism on the door.  Donna turned back 
around towards the door only to be handed Nemesis' K1.
	The lab was lined with liquid beds and computer terminals with 
the large computer in the back.  The whole room was barely large 
enough to contain the ten beds.  The group got straight to work laying 
down the explosive packs and detonation arrays around the beds and 
supercomputer.
	"Sync check" said Nemesis as the last one was placed down.  
Donna took out the detonator and confirmed that they were all properly 
synced.
	"5:16:12.  Time to move" said Slash, exiting the room first.  Donna 
put on the last pack containing the party favors and left last, detonator 
in hand.  The trek back down the halls was fairly simple.  Their boots left 
a trail of bloodied bootprints from the last battle as they jogged down the 
hallways.  The thought of where was Jack was on everyone's mind since 
they had had no contact with him for the past few minutes.  A few more 
jogs to the left and right put them back at the stairwell.
	"5:16:49.  Let's do it" said Slash looking at Donna.  Nemesis went 
into the stairwell and proceeded to go up a flight and a half, checking 
for more guards.  Slash followed, but not as far since she was Donna's 
backup.  Donna was the last in and shut the door until only her hand 
with the detonator was sticking out, making sure that the structure 
would not interfere with the detonation.
	"Here we go!" she yelled up the stairs.  'Do it' she told herself as 
she pushed the trigger button down and pulled her arm in quickly.  
Donna began running upstairs as the explosions in the lab rocked the 
basement in a stunning blaze of fire and thunder.  Sonic blasts blew out 
many of the windows as it ran down the hallways only to be followed by 
clouds of fire that engulfed everything in site.  Multiple explosions could 
be distantly heard as the team regrouped on the third subbasement level 
and continued upward toward the main floor.
	"Watch it!" yelled Slash as they made their way to the bottom of 
the first floor's stairs.  An infrared antipersonnel mine was seen on the 
wall next to one of the bottom stairs.  A look skyward showed the 
explosive sitting, waiting for it's target to come through it's invisible 
trip line.  Carefully stepping over the trip line, Nemesis led the way to 
the top door.  'This is just too easy of an escape' he thought to himself 
remembering many other raids whose exit was much tougher than it's 
entrance.  He unfastened two grenades from his armor and proceeded to 
throw them into the hallway, shutting the stairwell door quickly behind 
them.  
	"Grenade!!!" yelled a guard from inside the hallway.  Nemesis' 
guess was right.  The two exploded relatively at the same time.  Nemesis 
quickly entered the smoky hallway and proceeded to fire at the four 
commandos who had taken posts on opposite sides of the stairwell door.  
Slash and Donna soon jumped into the hallway, taking posts on either 
side of Nemesis, guarding against additional intrusion.  A few quick looks 
around only produced the four dead bodies on the ground.  Nemesis 
reloaded.
	The party turned right from the stairwell door and proceeded 
with caution to the next intersection.  They moved slowly with their 
weapons pointed straight ahead, searching for the way out while still 
knowing that they had to return to the original entrance to not only get 
out, but to also find out what happened to Nebulus.  The first intersection 
was clear.
	"Donna.  String a mine across here" ordered Nemesis who 
continued to move on.  Donna handed the mine to Slash who plastered it 
to the opposing wall while Donna strung the device across the 
intersection.  
	The lights began to flicker on and off.  Then the siren was heard.  
The team stopped to look around.  The electronic whirring of the fire 
alarm filled the entire hallway with its annoying tone.  "Code 1 fire alert 
in subbasement 4.  All personnel must evacuate these premises 
immediately" spoke a recorded voice from the speakers that Jack had 
been using previously.  'Why the hell are the alarms going off if Jack 
had control of the situation?' questioned Nemesis.
	"Jack must be out as well" said Slash.  "Let's get the fuck out of 
here!"  The team took off down the hallway.  It was time to leave Cryon 
once and for all.  The operation had taken long enough.  Half of the team 
was either dead or taken out of the picture somehow.   
	"Donna.  Give me your gun and start preparing some party 
favors" yelled Slash taking Donna's gun.  Donna took off her pack and 
sorted through the explosives and grenades, ready to hand them out 
when people needed to die.  Passing another intersection, the team saw 
the back of the chair at the security desk.  Nemesis waved his hand back 
at Donna and she put in it a high explosive, enough of a bang to destroy 
the room.
	"Hey man, catch!" yelled Nemesis.  Nebulus turned around only to 
see the explosive heading his way.  The guards hiding behind the walls 
still had their guns pointed at him if he screwed up.  But then, what else 
could he do.  The team stopped their advance and Nemesis shot two 
minigrenades into the room.  Nebulus jumped from his chair and 
sprinted towards his team as the grenades went off and the explosive 
landed on the chair.  The team took cover just as gun fire was heard, but 
was soon silenced by the deadening thunder of the explosive as it 
completely destroyed everything and everyone in the room.
	"Glad you still know what you're doin'" said Nebulus looking at 
the team.
	"We figured something was up, so I decided to make sure no one 
was in the room" replied Nemesis.  
	"There may be more guards down the hallway."
	"Let's go."  Getting up once again, the team continued down the 
hall and fought through the fire and debris of the security room.  
Finally advancing down the final hall, Nemesis emptied his gun of 
minigrenades and destroyed the entrance door and hopefully 
everything else that could attack them.  Donna dropped off the party 
favors and they carefully exited the docking entrance.  Nemesis was first 
away from the entrance and proceeded to move aside the manhole cover.  
The group got into the hole and Donna, being last as usual, pressed the 
detonator, igniting the explosives left in the pack.  The docking area of 
the building erupted in fire and exploded sending debris everywhere.  
But, the team had already begun the trip through the sewers.  The job 
was over.  It was time to go home.
	Sitting in the van on the way back into the city, no one talked.  
The van took a corner and drove by the Cryon building, getting a good 
look at all the police and fire department personnel who were attacking 
the multiple fires in the building.  The deep color of fire offset the light 
grayish color building in the morning light.  The sun had just started to 
come up, but was still pretty early before daybreak.  They soon turned 
into the city, taking their masks off.
			Cool Darkness
				by Matthew Carpenter
		Chapter 5 : A Thorn in Paradise
	"So what the hell happened in there?" questioned Nemesis 
looking towards the front of the van in Nebulus' direction.
	"I was watching you more than I was watching myself" told a 
disgusted Nebulus, completely shamed by his performance or lack there 
	"At least you know a sign when you see one.  What happened to 
Jack?"
	"What do you mean, what happened to Jack" rudely snapped 
Nebulus who turned around to give Nemesis the evil eye.
	"We lost him before we got to the strike zone.  Where'd he go?  I 
thought he was supposed to follow us all the way out."
	"I don't know.  Maybe he bumped into ICE or something.  Why 
don't we get back there quickly and find out" Nebulus pointed out to 
Donna who pushed her foot into the floor, accelerating the van as she 
drove on into the city.
	Not soon enough for Nebulus' liking, the van pulled in front of 
the garage door of the warehouse.  Nemesis calmly hopped out of the 
back door of the van and proceeded to open the door.  The van came to a 
quiet stop with the garage door crashing down behind it.  The lights 
were still on; the office door to the underground comps was still shut.
	"Jack!  Hey Jack!  Where the hell are you shit-head!?" yelled 
Nemesis, feeling a little funny about the whole situation.  Walking to the 
back of the van, he picked up his rifle and proceeded to walk towards the 
office door.  He was followed by Nebulus and eventually Slash, who had 
had enough of Jack's clowning around.  Screwing around on the nets is 
one thing, but leaving a team in the thick of a job is another.  
	They approached the office door and found it still locked from the 
inside.  Nebulus walked over to a nearby desk, reached into the top 
drawer and picked up a magnetic key.  He returned to the door and 
inserted the flat key into the slot just under the door handle which 
produced a soft pop as the lock disengaged.  Nebulus opened the door and 
the group peered in.  The office was still the same :  a few file cabinets, a 
metal desk with a wooden, rocking office chair, a single light at the desk 
with another one in the ceiling, and a small hand comp sitting at the 
right of the desk.
	'Nothing is missing.  Everything is cool...except' thought Nebulus.  
"Jack's gone."
	"What!?" wined Nemesis in disbelief of wherever Nebulus had 
derived this idea.
	"The chair's here.  He should be sitting in it down in the room" 
stated Nebulus loosing his cool.
	"Bullshit.  He and I changed that last week 'cause he wanted a 
padded chair so his butt wouldn't hurt so much" slapped Nemesis.
	"Huh!?!?" 
	"Come on" said Nemesis entering the room and pressing the 
correct sequence of keys on the hand comp to enable the elevator to the 
comp room.  Slash moved the chair out of the way as the plate under the 
leg area of the desk slowly began its decent into the comp room.  Within 
10 seconds it had hit bottom, about 12 feet below in the concrete dungeon 
where Jack roamed.
	"Jack.  Hey, Jack..you down there!?" yelled Slash.  No answer.
	"He's probably still in the nets.  He'll never respond like that" 
spoke Nebulus.
	"Well there's only one way to find out" said Nemesis as he hang 
dropped from the desk edge into the dark pit.
	"Don...hunnn....you moron" Slash sighed under her breath.  'He 
never thinks about traps.'  "Watch out for traps."  Nemesis never heard 
her voice; his concentration on where he was and not what people were 
doing topside.  He pivoted left in the direction of the comp room.  The 
corridor to the room was normal sized with a low ceiling.  The walls were 
made of cold concrete that still flaked grit when rubbed against.  It was 
dark with a few streaks of light coming from the room, barely lighting 
enough for someone to see.  Nemesis changed his eyes to night vision to 
see that was up with Jack.
	'All right Jack, where the hell are you man.'  He peered into the 
comp room.  The two main comps on the far wall were humming as usual, 
the short ceiling making them look larger than normal.  He walked 
further into the room.  The four workstations were still running with 
their monitors running lines of info across them constantly.  'Jack.  
Where the hell are you.'  He lowered his rifle.  In fact he lowered it until 
the barrel almost scraped the ground.  He stood completely erect and 
walked over to the wall where the control panel was.  A single touch and 
a second panel came up.  He closed his eyes as he turned the ceiling light 
on.  His eyes were switched back to normal vision and he opened his 
eyelids.
	"Come on down, guys!" yelled Nemesis as he looked over at Jack 
who was still slouched in his padded chair, still jacked into the nets.
	"What's the deal!?" yelled back Slash.
	"He's here.  Still in the net."  The elevator platform began to move 
back up and in no time the rest of the team minus Donna was in the comp 
room.  "I guess he's still in the net."
	"What the hell's he still doin' in there?" replied Slash quite 
disgusted at Jack now that he was still here and had left them in Cryon.
	"He must've run into something." sighed Nebulus looking at his 
foot as it tapped lightly on the concrete floor.  'What could he have run 
into?  ICE?  Naw, couldn't be.  He's too good for that.  Then again...  Naw, 
he must be screwin' around or somethin'.  But why would he leave us in 
Cryon to go screw around somewhere?  I wonder if they got this thing up 
and running before we got there.  Or what if they had another site, or if 
we attacked the wrong site!  Couldn't be.  We planned this thing to 
perfectly to hit the wrong site.  Yeah, sure.' he thought to himself, 
especially after how badly they fucked the whole deal up.  'Well, there's 
only one way to find out.'  Looking up he said "I'm goin' in" and started to 
walk towards the workstation next to Jack's.
	"What!  You can't be serious.  Let's just pull the plug and get him 
back" screeched Slash.
	"Yeah, right.  And possibly loose him forever.  He might be into 
something serious, and there's only one way to find out." replied 
Nebulus, putting a wireless jack next to his ports.
	"I thought you could track someone like that for cryin' out loud!"
	"We'll see about that."  With that he sat in the chair and jacked in, 
wireless of course.
	"Well, let's get them prepared for a long trip.  I can't see them 
coming back any time soon" softly spoke Slash.  She and Nemesis turned 
to the one cabinet that had little components and things in it.  The door 
was opened and two IV's were taken out by Slash.  She walked over to the 
two and began to get Jack ready for insertion.  Nemesis in the mean time 
began preparing the two nutrient bags.  In no time, both Jack and 
Nebulus were outfitted with medical nutrient bags that fed into their 
system.  That way they at least wouldn't dehydrate.
		Nebulus stood up from a kneeling position on the 
	asphalt street of an unknown city.  It was dark, actually 
	gray in color and the clouds in the sky were moving very 
	fast.  The surrounding buildings stood like monuments 
	compared to Nebulus' small body.  A little piece of 
	newspaper skipped by along the ground behind his feet.  
	The long street he was looking down seemed to go on 
	forever.  The city was completely deserted.  
		"Strange" he told himself outloud.  "Oh, well, let's 
	get going."  He began walking in the direction of the first 
	gate to get into mainstream cyberspace.  A few steps and 
	he leaned forward to the ground and shape changed into a 
	sleek black sports car, one of the new European cars that 
	can top 300 mph.  Fat tires, no rear view mirrors; kinda 
	like an old Countach he thought to himself as he squealed 
	his tires and flew down the streets.  
		"Great.  Traffic jam already."  In the near distance 
	he could see lots of people trying to get into the gateway.  
	"Always a bunch of jerks who don't know there way 
	around the block yet."  With a glance skyward, he pulled 
	off the ground and moved a story or two above the rest of 
	the traffic.  Flying over the crown was fun.  The first 
	gateway was breached easily and he soon got back onto 
	the road and cruised into the highways, the internet 
	highways that connected to everywhere in the world, and 
	then some.
		After only a little time, his speed began to slow.  
	Actually he began to slow immensely, eventually coming 
	to a complete stop.  'What the hell is going on?' he thought 
	to himself, checking all of his systems.  Then he began to 
	shape change back into a person, except he hadn't chosen 
	to do so.  'Somebody's taking control of my environment.'  
	Then he began to fly backwards, completely out of 
	control.  He fought to stabilize and he tried to stop, but 
	eventually was thrown back into the crowd of people 
	waiting at the gateway entrance.  With an additional 
	thrust, he was tossed into the crowd, landing on the hard 
	asphalt just like everyone else had.
		"What the hell is going on!" he yelled at the top of 
	his lungs as he stood up, wiping himself off.  The area 
	around he began to change and soon he was standing on a 
	computer generated grid.  No streets.  No buildings.  Just 
	grids.  He continued to look around, finally running his 
	identifier program.  In a few seconds an arrow appeared 
	pointing in the direction off to his right, toward the 
	gateway.  He started to push his way in that direction, 
	searching for Jack.  The gateway soon became clearer to 
	him as it was a large billboard sign which read :
		The Cyberspace Mob now rules the nets	
		    Pay to Enter.  Pay at your OWN Risk
		"What the hell is going on, here!" he yelled.
		"Oh shut up up there you asshole!" came from 
	someone behind him.  He turned around to see who the 
	hell was yelling at him in a crisis like this.
		"Fuck you buddy!" he yelled back, not knowing 
	who had yelled at him.  He continued to push his way 
	towards the front.  Eventually he got within a few 
	hundred feet of the gateway and recognized Jack only a 
	few steps in front of him.
		"Jack, what the hell is going on here man!?" asked 
	Nebulus as he reached his companion.
		"What the hell are you doing here?  I thought you 
	were still in Cryon."
		"I was.  We got back already.  What the hell 
	happened to you?"
		'Take a look.  One second I was in, the next I was 
	pulled out by these guys.  Do you believe this shit.  They've 
	taken over all the surrounding gateways and there's no 
	way in or out to another gateway."
		"What do you mean.  You can't even break it?"
		"No one can" explained Jack in a sorrowful tone of 
	voice.  "I've found a few friends here and they can't break 
	it.  Whoever made this isn't working for the government, 
	military or a company.  This is straight from the 
	underground.  All I can figure is that it's written in a new 
	AI language that actually learns who you are and how to 
	keep you from getting into the gateway if you haven't 
	paid."
		"You mean to tell me that someone is holding the 
	gateway hostage?"
		"Yep.  The funny part is that no one has any idea 
	who could've pulled a stunt like this off.  This is beyond 
	professional.  I can't even tell where it's coming from."  
	The two stood around almost as lost as everyone else.  It 
	was getting more crowded as time went on and eventually, 
	Nebulus had had enough.
		"Get a site set up so we can start attacking this 
	thing from the inside out."
		"Yeah right" replied Jack completely disgusted 
	now.  "Don't you think I've tried it already in about a 
	thousand configurations, only to get tossed back without 
	getting any further into the system.  I told you once you 
	moron, the more you do the more it understands about 
	you, which means that it can stop you easier every time 
	you try something new."
		"So how do we get the fuck through" blazed a 
	beyond frustrated Nebulus.
	"So what should we do now?" asked Nemesis, peering towards the 
elevator.  After standing there for ten minutes, his patience had run out 
and a bar run was the first thing that ran into his head.  "I know.  How 
about some Black Oil?"
	"That dump.  Naw, I'm not in the mood" casually replied Slash.  
	"How about Hot Kicks" she said with a sly grin growing on her face as 
she looked into Nemesis' eyes.
	"You gotta be kiddin' me.  We don't fit into a place like that."
	"That doesn't keep you from screwin' every chic with big tits, 
long legs, and stockings pulled up to her crotch that works there now 
does it?" she kidded pulling him towards the elevator.
	"Jealous?" he asked with a smirk.
	"I'm coming in my pants just thinking about you" she joked as 
they stood on the elevator platform.  She pressed her hand against the 
wall where a hidden panel was and the platform began to rise.  
	Topside, they walked out of the office to find Donna sitting in one 
of the office chairs in front of a desk off to the side of the warehouse.
	"Everything OK with Jack?"
	"Who knows.  Nebulus went into the matrix to fetch him" replied 
Slash.  "Hey.  We're gonna go to a bar.  Wanna come?"
	"Sure.  But first, where's my money?" she said getting back down 
to business.
	"Nebulus handles that and he is preoccupied right now."  Donna 
wasn't too pleased about this.  In fact she was getting quite pissed off as 
she stood up to face Slash.  "Chill woman.  It's not like we're gonna forget 
you.  Jeez."
	"Hey.  A job is a job.  Now it's done and I want my money!"
	"Look honey, you ain't gonna get paid until he gets out of the nets 
so why don't you just pack that bitchy attitude of yours away and chill 
out until he is free.  This job ain't done until we're all back and we got 
two in the nets!"  snarled Slash, frowning her brow.
	Nemesis looked on at the 'cat fight' as he called it between the 
two.  'Wait a minute.'  He looked at Donna's forehead.  'Zoom in.  More.  
There.  Now look at that.  Sweat.  And it's not even hot here, either.'  He 
moved his gaze down to her hands.  'Same thing, and even a little 
twitchy.'  He panned back up to her chest which was expanding and 
contracting a little faster and larger than he would've expected.  He 
switched his eyes to IR, trying to get a thermal scan of her body.  To no 
avail, the combat suit that she still wore blocked most of the signals 
coming from her body and canceled his experiment.
	"All right.  Chill out.  Why don't you take a shower and get 
changed and I will pull Nebulus out in time for him to pay you.  Then we 
can go to the bars.  OK?" stated Nemesis.
	"Where the hell am I gonna..."
	"There's a shower in the bathroom over there" he said pointing to 
a door along the office wall, "and your extra clothes that you brought are 
still in the van, right?"
	"Don't EVEN think about pullin' somethin' stupid, Nemesis" she 
warned with a glare.  Nemesis didn't move and didn't loose eye contact 
until she turned around to get her stuff out of the van.  Slash took his 
arm and turned him to fact her.
	"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" she scowled in a low 
voice.
	"Trust me."
		By now, Jack and Nebulus had jumped in and out of 
	cyberspace at least a dozen times, trying to trick the 
	gateway or get past it somehow.  Each time they would 
	bring in different attack programs and loose them just as 
	quickly as the 'Cyberspace Mob' would find them and 
	erase them, or make them unusable.  There were now 
	about five people in a group around Jack and Nemesis; all 
	of whom knew each other through one facet or another. 
		"So where do we go from here?" sighed one of the 
	guys.
		"We have to find another way around it.  
	Everything we've tried has failed.  Period.  And I can't see 
	any way around it" said Jack.
		"So the cybermaster Jack has finally met his 
	match.  How interesting" stated Nebulus, getting more 
	excited at the prospect of what seemed like the ultimate 
	challenge.
		"I wouldn't say that so soon.  It's just going to take 
	some time to figure out how to get around it" replied Jack, 
	letting the comment fly over his head.
		"So where are we?" asked one of Jack's friends.
		"Simple.  We can't get past without paying, which 
	is completely absurd.  We know it's not being done by the 
	government, military, a company, Mogul, Nestroth and a 
	few other groups.  But that leaves a lot of names that, 
	although I can't figure who could've masterminded this, 
	could be responsible for it" stated Jack.
		Someone else spoke up.  "Well, attack and defense 
	programs don't work.  It can tell who we are and seems to 
	know our strengths and weaknesses.  Camouflaging 
	doesn't help since it kills that first.  I don't think if we 
	sent ICE against it it would even work."
		"What!  Are you nuts.  How the hell would you SEND 
	ICE after it.  There's nowhere to keep it connected to to 
	run it" heckled another.
		"Yes there is and that's exactly what we're gonna 
	do" spoke Jack, standing up and pacing around in a very 
	small circle.  "We can attach it to the gateway itself.  It's 
	identifier must still exist or we couldn't have gotten here."
		"Yeah, but it'll already know how to kill ICE."
		"Yeah, but I know a way to make it so they can't 
	track it or disarm it" ecstatically spoke Jack.  "Everyone 
	jump out and meet me at my comp room in 1 hour."
	Donna came out of the bathroom wearing a short mini with tights 
underneath it, highlighting her legs with black spandex.  Her wet hair 
left trickles of water on her leather short jacket that covered a tank top.  
	'Switch to IR.  Focus and zoom on chest area.  Just as I thought.'  
"You definitely look sexy tonight, woman" yelled Nemesis from across 
the warehouse.  He hopped off the desk he was sitting on and approached 
her.
	"So where's Nebulus with my money, macho man?" she said with 
a smirk in her smile.
	"This way, my lady" he said, raising his left hand, palm up, to take 
hers as a rightful gentleman should.  She placed her right hand in his 
with a flirtatious smile.  He slowly started to turn around and Donna 
began to take a step forward to accompany him.  
	Quickly, Nemesis spun back in her direction, landing a bone-
breaking fist in her stomach.  Instantaneously, she fell to the ground as 
if life had been sucked out of her.  She laid on the ground in a fetal 
position, holding her stomach, completely unable to breath from the 
attack.  Nemesis looking over to Slash who was sitting at a desk, giving 
her the signal.  She rose from her chair carrying a needle.  Nemesis 
reached down and gripped Donna's jacket firmly by the shoulders and 
ripped it down her arms so that they were bare from her shoulder to her 
elbow.  She winced in pain, still unable to breath.  Nemesis reached his 
hand up and received the needle from Slash.
	"Nighty night, my little spy" cooed Nemesis with a devil's grin, as 
he injected her with the tranquilizer.
	"Nighty night, bitch" spit Slash.
			Cool Darkness
				by Matthew Carpenter
			Chapter 6 : A Slap in the Face
	"Whew.  Man oh man.  This one's gonna hurt" said a sweaty 
Jack as he faced his sidearm, Nebulus.  He stood up and staggered 
over to the bathroom stall that was on the other side of the 
elevator to relieve himself.  Nebulus just sat there rubbing his 
eyes.  After a few seconds he stood and walked over to the elevator 
platform and momentarily waited for the chair to come down.
	"Where the hell you goin'?" yelled Jack from the stall.
	"I'm gonna check on the others and tell them what's up.  
We're gonna need some info from the streets and fast ...." he 
trailed off in his own thought as the chair arrived.  He sat down 
and got to the office floor in no time, listening to Jack rant and 
rave about what he had just said.  Nebulus' brow was furrowed, 
now, and time had taken it's toll on him.  He walked out of the 
office to notice the van was missing.  "Goddamn, stupid son's of 
bitches!" he yelled, spinning around to look at the whole 
warehouse.  "Those dumn fuck's!  If it's the last thing I told them 
it's to stay put!  Jesus!" he fumed slamming a fist into the desk he 
began to sit at.  A thousand swear words ran through his mind 
and his head began to throb.  Closing his eyes, he sat back in the 
hard wood chair thinking about the job, running his fingers 
through his hair.  'Of course, we first had to fuck the job up.  
Then we actually had to run into this damn mob.  Who the hell 
would dare to be a mob on the nets.  Who would have the 
capabilities.  Hmmmmm.  "The government" his eyes flashed 
open.  "Nah.  Couldn't be" he said to himself with a quirky smile 
that almost gleamed with getting the answer, and then laughed at 
it's stupidity.  "But it would be the perfect front to run us 
down....legally.  Well, kind of.  Shit."
	He opened the top desk drawer and took out a few plastic 
bottles of pills.  He popped a few in his mouth and downed them 
with a flat can of Coke that had probably been there more than a 
day.  
	"What's the matter with you!" yelled Jack from the office's 
entrance.  "How many times have I told you not to get drugged 
before you jack in.  Especially now.  What the hell do you ..."
	"Oh shut up and take this!" said Nebulus throwing a bottle 
to Jack.  He caught it with a rattle and looked up very disgusted 
almost in disbelief at what Nebulus was implying.  "Relax, it's 
caffeine.  It'll wake you up."
	"I'm not tired" replied Jack walking towards Nebulus.  He 
screwed the cap off the bottle and put a pill in his mouth.  He 
reached the table, putting the closed bottle down and picking up 
the can of Coke.
	"That's been there awhile, you know" muttered Nebulus.
	"I know.  I opened it last week" he said with a smirk.
*************
	Slash had been driving the van through the back streets of 
the city for about ten minutes until she came to the designated 
spot Nemesis had told her to go to.  The tall buildings surrounding 
them sent shadows out to swallow up the surrounding sidewalks, 
almost requiring a street lights to light up the broken and 
graffittied walls that surrounded them.  
	"So where the hell do we go from here?" she asked, leaning 
over her shoulder to get a glimpse of Nemesis' back.  He was 
leaning over Donna who was still out cold.  Her arms were tied 
together with unbreakable plastic ties that were laced from her 
wrists up to her elbows.  Her hands had turned pale from lack of 
blood in her hands.  Her legs were tied in a similar manner, one 
that Nemesis found a certain liking to.
	"There should be a garage door around here somewhere 
that has the word 'Ixzer' graffettied on it in red" replied Nemesis 
who had turned to look out the front windshield.  "Just go slow 
and we should  be able to see it better."
	"I can't see a goddamn thing with Ixzer on it" whined 
Slash, getting quite frustrated with the whole secretive situation.  
'First you don't tell me where we're going, then what we're doing.  
You dumb shit!  I don't see why I ever listen to you.'  She slowly 
eased her foot on the accelerator and let the van drift down the 
alleyway, nearly scraping the sides of it on one of the buildings.
	"Stop here.  Turn the engine off" spoke Nemesis in a 
hushed voice as he popped the sliding door open and slowly 
began to push it out of his way.
	"What's the silence for man?  I don't see any Ixzer."
	Without a reply, he jumped out of the van, landing his 
combat boots on the broken asphalt and turned around to scoop 
up the still unconscious Donna.  Throwing her over his shoulder, 
he walked in front of the van and stood in front of the garage 
door.  Slash got out and stood behind him still unsure of what was 
about to happen.  'Switch to UV.'  Ixzer appeared on the door, just 
as he had said.  He slowly moved to the wall on the left side of the 
door and allowed Donna to slide from his shoulder, landing 
soundly on the concrete with a thud.
