  When they got there, Tsiry-Feylen was replacing a panel on the side
of the hatch, hammering the lock-bolts home with her flattened palm.
`We're going to have to lure them out and then blow the hatch; we
hope the decompression will kill them all.  We want you both to back
up this corridor, just there, around that corner; if one of them gets
past, kick the stuffing out of it.'  Tsiry-Feylen's suit crouched
down directly in front of the hatch, clutching a handful of sharp
metal fragments.  There was a minute's silence, and then the plastic
of the hatchway creaked under an unfamiliar stress.  Kelanie, braced
against a data column in the passageway, poked the tip of a
boom-mounted camera around the corner, patching the image through to
Marek's suit.  The black glass door of the hatch rippled away, and
two Bythians leapt through, weapons drawn.  They didn't recognise
Tsiry-Feylen's crouching tank-shape for a moment; a third Bythian had
stepped through the hatch when the first two whipped up their guns.
Too late; Tsiry-Feylen flicked the fragments at them with as much
strength as her suit could impart; they punched through the Bythian's
heads and necks, embedding themselves in the wall behind them.  As
the bodies collapsed, she set off the explosives that she'd packed
into the hatchway; there was a sharp crack, and a shock-wave pushed
Tsiry-Feylen's suit back against the wall, where she grabbed hold of
a stanchion.  The shock-wave suddenly reversed as air rushed out, the
hatch crackling and buzzing as it tried to cover over the enlarged
hole.  The scream of escaping air quickly diminished to a hiss, and
then stopped as the hatch-field closed.  Tsiry-Feylen was checking an
external camera on her suit monitors; she relayed the images to
Kelanie and Marek, who watched as the torn globe of the Bythian scout
ship spun off into the distance; the tiny figure of the fourth
Bythian wriggling in open vacuum, gradually becoming still.
  Among the debris that drifted around in the trailing LaGrange point
of Mars was a rock, about two metres along its longest axis.
Indistinguishable from the other orbital rubbish, it hung there,
apparently inert, until it decided to distinguish itself from its
more sedentary companions by suddenly rotating forty degrees, aiming
itself at a spot somewhere in the outer fringe of the solar system.
Another rock, in the leading LaGrange point, did the same.  They were
now both pointing to a spot about twelve million miles above the
plane of the ecliptic; inside each rock, mass-sensors triangulated,
fixing the position of one of the NoSan'No'Os projectiles.  Satisfied
that the asteroid was where it was supposed to be (although not where
they would prefer it), the small but capable artificial intelligences
in the spy-satellites oriented on another asteroid, and another.
When they were satisfied that they had correctly placed all the known
threats, they did a general half-hearted scan for any other sizable
objects that weren't where they should be.  Surprisingly, they found
one, an asteroid of some two thousand and seventy tonnes that,
according to their very accurate and up-to-date database, should be
at least two million miles further out.  Then they spotted another.
Then four more.  Approaching a state that could best be described as
`alarm', the two spy-satellites sent a coded signal on the gravitic
channel that was, until recently, used by the NoSan'No'Os as the main
data link for Earth-bound communications.  Use of this frequency
would arouse the least amount of suspicion if the Bythians were
listening in.  The spy-satellites knew that the intended recipient of
the message would always be listening.
  Suddenly, faster than even electronic reflexes could allow for, the
spherical shape of a Bythian scout shot past, loosing a stream of
stone chips at high velocity, battering the spy-satellite into
inactivity.
  `How many asteroids are there in the asteroid belt?' Marek asked.
  `...don't know,' Kelanie replied absently, scanning the starfield.
`hundreds of thousands, I suppose... what I'd like to know is, where
are they all?'
  `We've seen your illustrations of the asteroid belt,' Tsiry-Feylen
commented, `and we can assure you that the ratio of rocks to empty
space is several magnitudes smaller than they would have us believe.
Like physical reality... it's mostly vacuum.'  She stood at the
control column, twitching fingers thrust into the control-spaces,
slowly rotating the ship, looking for a particular pattern of stars.
She aligned a single glittering spot on the screen in front of her,
rotated the ship on its forward axis and drove it forward.  While one
hand monitored the ship's velocity, the other activated the
communications system embedded inside the front of her battle suit,
which was propped open next to the control column.  Two of her voices
chattered rapidly, and were answered by two others from the comms
system.  Kelanie's notepad could make nothing of it; the exchanges
were too rapid, switching back and forth with inhuman speed.
  The spot on the screen that represented their destination hadn't
changed size appreciably; Tsiry-Feylen left off chattering for a
moment, stuck all her fingers into a bank of control-spaces and said,
`Hang on, children.'  Marek grabbed Kelanie, who, having nothing
better to do, wrapped her arms around him.  The ship lurched forward,
spilling them backwards, over the pile of mats.  They had enough time
to struggle to their knees when the ship moved in a different
direction, shifting from underneath them.  Kayren, mounted in a
corner as unobtrusively as an office pot-plant, merely swayed
slightly.  Tsiry-Feylen, who had remained upright through all this,
gestured towards the screen.
  `Here we are.'  The screen was filled with rock-textured grey,
sharp black highlights slowly shifting as the asteroid rotated.
Tsiry-Feylen made a few delicate adjustments to the ship's attitude,
matching spin, and then nudged it forward.  Suddenly, off to the
left, the featureless asteroid face split open along seven radial
lines, the triangular segments folding back like flower petals.  The
now-familiar white shape of a Moridani battle-suit emerged, legs
kicking, holding a struggling something in its arms.  The Moridani
kicked the shape - a Bythian in a torn pressure suit - away, the
reaction of which pushed the battle-suit back towards the hatch.  The
arms extended as far as possible, scrabbling against the hatchway
petals.  The chattering sound came from Tsiry-Feylen's suit resumed
briefly.  Tsiry-Feylen sighed, and said,
  `It seems that Threat Termination have decided to use this asteroid
after all.  Kendr-Saranaxio-Parndta-Athanasius - our dear sister -
has dealt with the scouts... but Threat Termination will soon wonder
why this asteroid isn't moving.  We're going to try and bluff them.'
***  Open channel  ***
< Threat termination here.
< Why isn't projectile 607 moving, team?
> it had humans in it.  nine of them.  they were armed.
< Can you tell if the structure was human-built?  Any signs of
< Xenotechnology?  Report.
> their living quarters were damaged beyond recovery.  what we saw
> looked human-built.  we had to set off one of the CCI charges at
> close range.  they got two of us.
< (sigh) This just goes to confirm NAPAISub's evaluation.  Estimate
< new impact time - assuming that you *_can_* get it to impact?
> we can.  we have three charges left; once we get the projectile up
> to 19.5 km/sec, path is 2.85 by ten to the sixth kilometres...
> give us, ah, 40 hours, 35 minutes, 45 seconds... from... now.
< Marked.  This is the last one, team; once you have confirmed
< trajectory, tag it and assign it to Tracking.
***  Close channel  ***
  `That's slack.  For Bythians, that is slack.'  Kendr-Saranaxio was
a slightly smaller version of her sister, moving with sharp,
efficient grace.  She shut down the video-simulator, which she had
played like a puppet-master, transmitting a convincing portrayal of a
Bythian scout, mimicking its phrases.  `We don't think that they
believe us.'  Tsiry-Feylen spoke to her in rapid-fire bursts of
Moridani; Kendr-Saranaxio replied with a single word, which sounded
something like `fs'yen'.  Both Moridani bared their teeth in what
Kelanie assumed were smiles.  Kendr-Saranaxio summoned her
battle-suit, which walked into the docking bay of its own accord,
opening as it entered.
  `Stay here, children.  We are going to set off some fireworks.'
           *           *           *           *           *
       ComonCurensy Isotope is another one of those annoying
       off-shoots of their plastics industry, according to my
       sources on Syndaine.  The NoSan'No'Os manufacture it in
       foundries that orbit very close to certain suns; solar
       power is somehow stored in a sort of semi-stable carbon
       lattice... yes, that *_is_* rather vague; this is because
       CCI - a monopoly on efficient power-conversion technology-
       is one of the three things that keep the NoSan'No'Os in
       control.  There's no percentage in giving that sort of
       information away.
              Aln Riker, from `Riker's Defense', NoSaNoOs
              Interdiction Trial Records
  Kelanie, Marek and Kayren were huddled together in a corner of a
room adjacent to the docking bay of the Moridani base.  The humans
were in their suits again; they were all listening to Kendr-
Saranaxio counting down to the detonation of the Bythian scout's CCI
charges that had been set three kilometres from the asteroid.  Marek
and Kelanie were discussing the ease with which they had overcome the
Bythians so far.
  `I once saw a nine-hour epic video that relates to this,' Kelanie
said.  `It was about a world that was so inhospitable that the
inhabitants became natural warriors... they spread throughout the
galaxy, but once they'd conquered everyone in sight, they
deteriorated, because they lacked real opposition.'   Marek agreed.
  `The Bythians on Millimillenary were a pretty soft bunch.  You'd
hear reports of how a team of six Bythians had taken on an entire
planet of dissidents and wiped them out completely; yet, there were
always messages on SubVerSiveNet about how Bythians kept blowing
their feet off, because they didn't know how to operate their weapons
properly.'  A soft pinging tone indicated that Kayren had something
to say.  They waited politely for the translation:
  `The Bythian reputation is well-founded; during the Second
Expansion, they were ferocious, efficient and almost without regard
for their safety.  It was a common technique for a Bythian to steer a
scout-ship, loaded with CCI charges, into the middle of a group of
enemy shuttles and set off the charges.  We partly attribute their
decline to a lack of suitable opposition and partly to their maturity
as a species.  When they were created - and this was told to me by a
Bythian just before I killed it - they felt that they had no racial
identity, and thus had less to live for.'  Kelanie asked,
  `Just how powerful are these CCI charge things?'  Tsiry-Feylen said
over the radio:
  `Brace yourselves, children; you're about to find out.'  There were
three distant thumping sounds; echoes of the shock waves, transmitted
through the thin layer of gases that were a result of the detonation
of the CCI charges.  There was a pause, during which Marek said,
  `Well, that wasn't so-'  and then the entire base shifted as if God
had kicked it.   There was a crash as some unsecured containers fell
over; the entire base creaked as if it were being twisted.  Kelanie
felt a ghostly acceleration inside; the base was under power, moving.
She unclamped her suit from Marek's, stood up and tried to open the
door to the docking bay.  It was locked.  She raised a boom-mounted
camera to the small, round window mounted in the centre of the door,
peered through.  She could see a corner of the open gate through
which Tsiry-Feylen had steered the NoSan'No'Os ship, part of a
star-field that was rolling in a dizzying fashion.  Tsiry-Feylen
spoke:
  `Okay, children, we're on our way.  We will be in Earth orbit
within forty hours, unless we get stopped for exceeding the speed
limit.  Kelanie, could you meet us in the garage, please?'  A map of
the Moridani base appeared on Kelanie's heads-up display, with a blue
arrow marking the location of the garage.
  `We have been giving some thought as to your future as a partisan.'
Tsiry-Feylen and Kendr-Saranaxio were sitting on rugs woven with
intricate patterns in shades of grey, legs folded underneath.
Kelanie was sitting inside the opened shell of her battle-armour,
eyes closed.
  `I still don't believe any of this.  I suppose that it's a failing
of mine... I just can't encompass the idea of genocide.  Human
genocide, in particular.'  Tsiry-Feylen sent some text to Kelanie's
heads-up display; she grabbed the eye-piece, read it; replies to her
mail-messages, from her friends.
  ==========================================================
  kel, we'll try and be there - everything has gone crazy in
  the past week,  the NoSan'No'Os have withdrawn completely,
  the  news services  have  been canceled,  there isn't any
  fast transport available  -  we'll be hitching a ride with
  Baralascopae,   remember him?   the ultralight enthusiast.
  if we can find him.  there are  all kinds  of  wild rumors
  flying  around,  like  the  machine-virus  one;  the  most
  persistent  is the one about a giant asteroid that's about
  to hit the earth; we can't check this out, because all the
  satellite  observatories are owned by the NoSan'No'Os.  or
  were.  what's  going  on?  fondly  (but  nervously all the
  same), :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::gaeren, gen and mileva
  ==========================================================
  Kelanie closed her eyes again.  Kendr-Saranaxio said,
  `There are two ways you can take this.  You can sit back and let it
happen, pretend that there's nothing you can do about it - ' Kelanie
snorted cynically.  `... or you can fight back.'
  `Is that going to save anyone?'
  `It's too late for that.  We have seen this happen to six other
civilisations... each time, we managed to save some of them, only to
watch them submit to apathy.  We had hoped that humanity would be
different.'  Kelanie sat up in her battle-suit.
  `I don't think you understand - I'm not a warrior; I don't know
anything about weapons - I'm a prostitute!  You,' pointing at
Tsiry-Feylen, `pretending to be Robyn, you assigned me to
Millimillenary - why me?  Why not a weapons specialist, why not
someone who could do a better job of attacking the NoSan'No'Os?'
  `Human weapons specialists no longer exist.  The NoSan'No'Os
proscribed human weapons research.  In our limited capability with
the Bureau of Procuration, we checked everyone that we could for the
qualities that we need.  You came out on top.'  Kelanie sneered,
falling back into the suit.
  `Oh, I'm sure that the ability to deliver a good blow-job is
essential to partisanship.'  Tsiry-Feylen bared her teeth.
  `The qualities we are looking for include adaptability, quick
reflexes and a willingness to believe that the impossible can, at
least, be attempted.'  She got up, padded over to the side of
Kelanie's suit.  `We once found a human weapon specialist... he was
one of the first people to travel off-world when the NoSan'No'Os
arrived.  He had definite ideas about what could be done and what
couldn't, and he had no inclination to change those ideas or broaden
his horizons.'
  `What happened to him?'
  `He joined a group of Pthalklin Ervae on Copperla, and a Bythian
killed him.  The point is, while he knew a great deal about military
matters, his knowledge got in the way - he couldn't conceive of
battles fought with asteroids, for example, and he refused to even
consider the one thing that the NoSan'No'Os fear above all.'  Kelanie
opened her eyes.
  `Which is?'  Tsiry-Feylen held up the video-eyepiece which had been
connected to Kelanie's notepad.  `Biological augmentation.
Man-machine interfaces.  Do you recall the first thing that the
NoSan'No'Os did when they arrived?'
  `After taking over and disassembling our nuclear capability, they
laid down guidelines for acceptable research, warning us that if we
stepped outside those guidelines, they would be reinforced with a
show of military strength.'
  `And at the top of the list of prohibited technology?'
  `Artificial intelligence.  Genetic engineering.  Virtual reality.
Biological modification.'
  `- and the NoSan'No'Os believe that humans, even unmodified, are
such a threat that you have to be wiped out completely.  Can you see
that they fear you almost as much as they fear us?  That you have the
potential to undermine them?'  Kendr-Saranaxio added something in
Moridani, which inspired a brief argument between the two xenoforms.
Kelanie sighed, closed her suit and turned off the cameras.
  Kelanie was in the control room of the NoSan'No'Os Freighter that
they'd hijacked, examining the mass of control-spaces that made up
the communications panel.  She had read everything that
Tsiry-Feylen's knowledge-base had to say on the operation of
NoSan'No'Os equipment, and she thought that she could operate the
comms system without Tsiry-Feylen finding out.  She looked over her
notes again, rehearsed the patterns, and then tentatively poked her
fingers into four holes, one after the other.  Nothing obvious
happened; she poked a finger and a thumb into the NoSan'No'Os
equivalent of the `enter' key and the main monitor came to life,
hissing with vertical streaks of video static.
  There were six particular control-spaces underneath the monitor
that were concerned with adjusting the frequency of the receiver.
She played with these for a few minutes, before discovering that they
only altered the frequency over several pre-set channels, none of
which were used by the Earth contingent of the NoSan'No'Os.  She
looked at her notes again, found a reference to a `global frequency
unlock', activated it.  Now, (apparently), the six control-spaces
underneath the monitor would range up and down the nano-gravitic
band, the two outside holes changing the frequency rapidly; the
innermost holes fine-tuning it.  She was so absorbed in this that she
didn't notice Kayren glide up behind her.  The Pthalklin Ervae
watched over her shoulder as she searched through the available
frequencies for any signal from Earth.  She found a few channels
saturated with red and green vertical stripes, which she recognised
as encoded Bythian military transmissions; finally, towards the upper
end of the frequencies that the Freighter could receive, she found a
band without noise, which meant that a signal was being transmitted
on that frequency.  A synthesised voice was counting down, in
Tertiary, from somewhere around sixty-one thousand, speaking every
two minutes or so.  A few rapid calculations revealed that, if this
was a countdown to the asteroids' impact on Earth, they had
thirty-four hours left.  She jumped nervously as Kayren pushed past
her, moving closer to the control panel.
  `Like this, Kelanie...' Kayren's translator said.  Three insects-
each about the size of Kelanie's thumb - floated up to the columns,
darting in and out of the control-spaces, occasionally flying back to
the leaf-platforms that were arranged in a fringe just below Kayren's
pineapple-shaped head to pick up new pheromonal instructions then
flying up to execute them.  The hissing of the untuned videoscreen
cleared, revealing a two-dimensional display, red Tertiary text
against a black background.  Kelanie lifted her video-eyepatch,
watched as the words blurred and resolved into the Anglic
translation:
               This is a NoSan'No'Os announcement.
       The service you are calling has been discontinued
           due to a breach of the Interdiction laws.
  `That is the primary data exchange channel from Earth.' Kayren
explained.
  `It was.'
  Kelanie was in her battle-suit, drifting alongside the NoSan'No'Os
Freighter bolted to the outside of the Moridani base, floating a few
metres from the hatchway which Tsiry-Feylen had blasted, tethered by
a thin plastic cable.  She had gone outside primarily to get away
from the others, to try and sort out what was going on.  From what
she had seen, Tsiry-Feylen wasn't deceiving her about the imminent
destruction of humanity.  What could she do about it?  Ninety years
of existence under the rule of the NoSan'No'Os had convinced mankind
of the futility of opposition.  The only thing she could think to do
was to warn the government - what was left of it - somehow.  She
heard a tactful `click' over her suit phones as Marek drifted out of
the hatch to join her.
  `Come back inside, Kelanie.  I feel nervous with you floating
around out here.'  She reached over and took his suit's hand in hers,
tugged gently on the tether with her other hand, bouncing off the
edge of the hatch as they passed through it.  The black glass formed
behind them as they settled to the deck; air rushed in through vents
ranked along the bottom of the walls.  Marek opened his suit, climbed
out after activating a sequence that would command it to walk back to
the docking bay by itself.  The suit snapped shut, shuffled around
them both and moved off.  Kelanie, still in her suit, followed Marek
back to the berth that they'd shared on the journey to the asteroid
base.  She stopped outside the round doorway, still lost in thought.
Marek knocked on the front of her suit.
  `Come on out... I know you're in there somewhere.'  Abruptly, the
suit opened, and Marek reached in, unbuckling the securing straps,
lifting her out of the suit, trailing monitor leads and cables.  One
by one, he carefully peeled the contacts from her skin, kissing the
places where they had been attached.  She hugged him, one arm around
his neck, running her hand down his back with sudden desperation,
kissing him and dragging him into the berth, tears beginning to leak
from beneath her tightly-closed eyelids.  Her hand brushed the keys
of her notepad, which began to play some soft ambient music, all
crashing ocean waves, whale song and distant bass tones, as Marek
stroked open the contact strip that held the front of her jumper
together, pushing it aside, kissing her breasts and throat.  She lay
back on the mats which Marek had been sleeping on, breathing deeply,
biting her lip from the effort of suppressing the despair she felt.
  Three large insects zipped into the room, circled over the entwined
pair, and, scenting the pheromones, flew out again.
  Tsiry-Feylen was silent as she wiggled her fingers in the control-
spaces on the flight-column of the NoSan'No'Os freighter, which
turned, backed away from the asteroid (which was still heading
directly towards Earth), swung around it and overtook it.  Kelanie,
Marek and Kayren stood behind her, watching the view in front of the
ship displayed on the main screen.
  Kendr-Saranaxio entered, wearing a battle-suit, Kayren swaying
slightly to avoid the rhinoceros-sized mass as it passed.  The suit
cracked open, and Kendr-Saranaxio stepped out, shaking her legs.  She
said, using two of her voices,
  `We are taking a great risk...' `but we have decided to use
three-quarters of our offensive potential to divert as many asteroids
as we can get away with.' `There are three more stolen freighters
arriving from other parts of the galaxy;' `We intend to lift as many
humans off Earth as we can,' `...before the Bythians can retaliate.'
`We are going in first, though, to pick up the cargo we originally
intended to.'  Marek asked,
  `Weapons?  I didn't think that humanity had any.'  Kendr-Saranaxio
bared her teeth at him; he grinned back.
  `We have been stockpiling CCI missiles on Earth for the past nine
years, but we aren't going in for them;' `We have also been
stockpiling information; history, music, art, that sort of thing.
That stockpile is our primary concern.'  Tsiry-Feylen said, tersely,
in Bythian;
  `Yl chuev chto ty valyf, li svayen'e valyf.'  Kendr-Saranaxio
replied,
  `If it is a mistake, we don't think that there will be time to feel
embarrassed about it.'  She turned to the two humans and said,
apologetically,  `My sister has been living safely on Millimillenary
for so long that she has lost her sense of adventure.'  Tsiry-Feylen
retorted sardonically,
  `My sister has been out gun-running in the asteroids for so long
that she has lost her sense of proportion with regard to risk-
evaluation.'  Kendr-Saranaxio held up a hand, extended one finger
then another, withdrawing them both; the Kaelen antennae-signal that
represented amusement.  Tsiry-Feylen activated a bank of six monitors
to her left, screens filled with vertically-run static that faded to
reveal views along the side of the Freighter.  Tsiry-Feylen
explained,
  `Missiles.  We will send them ahead of us, in case there are any
Bythians lurking around.  We will leave them in orbit while we go
down for the cargo.'  Each view shuddered and changed in turn as the
missiles were launched, accelerating furiously, the bright star that
was their destination swelling appreciably as they watched.
Kendr-Saranaxio said,
  `You humans can feel proud of those missiles; the drives were
stolen from the NoSan'No'Os, as were the CCI warheads, but control
for each missile is provided by prototype artificial intelligences,
developed on Earth.' `...so you can begin to understand why the
NoSan'No'Os fear you... would you like to chat with a missile?'
Kelanie, relieved that something was going to be done to avert the
holocaust that she still couldn't encompass, grinned at Marek.
  `What can you say to a missile?  Good-bye?'
           *           *           *           *           *
           How to: Show a Kaelen that you appreciate the joke it
                   told you
        If you don't have antennae, use your fingers.  It isn't
        necessary to hold them up next to your temples; make a
        fist, extend your index finger, then extend your little
        finger while withdrawing the index finger; then withdraw
        the little finger into your fist again.  A significant
        delay between the index and little finger movements is
        interpreted as sarcasm, so be careful.
                    - `Let's Speak Kaelen', Chapter One
  The ExPort appeared deserted.  A scrap of paper blew out of one of
the gaping hangar doors, across the concrete oval of the landing pad.
It fluttered, and then was swept aside as the NoSan'No'Os freighter
settled to the pad as softly as a balloon.  A ramp extruded from the
pad, extending upwards to the hatch that opened just as the ramp
reached the ship.  Two Moridani battle-suits ran down the ramp,
across the ExPort and into the hangar, followed by two smaller
battle-suits.
  `They're not here yet!'  Kelanie scanned with her boom-mounted
cameras, moving aside as Tsiry-Feylen ran out of the hangar, followed
by six crates that floated ten centimetres off the ground.  Kelanie
moved into the hangar, which looked like it had been the subject of a
raid conducted by heavy earth-moving gear; cubicles and desks pushed
over to one side of the building, two gaping holes in the back wall.
Crates were piled conspicuously in the bare centre of the floor.
Kendr-Saranaxio was darting from one crate to another, checking
labels, occasionally slapping a crate on the side.  When she did
this, the crate lifted from the ground and floated towards one of the
holes in the back wall.  Curious, Kelanie walked around to the rear
of the hangar, and watched in fascination as the crates floated in
single file to a landing pad, where they popped open, revealing a
white metal sphere about a metre in diameter.  The spheres rotated,
aligning themselves with some invisible signal, and then shot off
into the sky.  Faint thunder of a series of distant sonic booms
sounded from above.  The last of the spheres executed an impossibly
sharp right-angle turn just after it launched, darting off behind
Kelanie.  She turned, and seeing a distant speck in the sky,
increased the magnification of her suit camera.
  It couldn't be a NoSan'No'Os craft; it was moving too slowly.  It
resembled a bus, painted in camouflage green and brown, with two hazy
circles wavering over each end.  The sphere shot towards the machine,
taking up a position underneath it.  Kelanie ran back to the hangar,
where Kendr-Saranaxio was giving loading instructions to the crates.
  `Someone's coming - I think it might be my friends.'  Kendr-
Saranaxio slapped the last crate, which lifted, spun around and
floated off towards the freighter.
  `According to the telemetry from the missile, it's an antique
helicopter, human technology, three people on board.  It has only
shortwave electronic radio, which we don't have transceivers for.'
She ran back outside, to where Marek's suit stood open.  Marek angled
the suit back, staring at the sky, wrinkling his nose in distaste.
  `This air smells funny.'  he said.  She beckoned to him as the
helicopter approached, dipping unevenly towards the grass next to the
freighter.  The rear rotor cut out completely, dropping the machine
to the ground from a height of about three meters, the chassis
crumpling slightly as it hit.  Marek snapped his suit shut and
Kelanie ducked as the 'copter tilted over on one side, the rotors
chopping into the ground, snapping off and flying in all directions,
the craft shaking like an animal in the throes of some haemotoxic
poison.  When it had finally settled, the rear of the machine opened
haltingly, then broke off.  Three figures jumped out, freezing when
they saw the battle-suits approaching.  Kelanie shouted through her
suit's external speaker,
  `Gen?  Gaeren?'
  Some ninety thousand kilometres away, a Bythian scout flew a
parallel course to a roughly egg-shaped, nickel-iron asteroid,
thirty-two kilometres along its longitudinal axis, turning
end-over-end once every twenty-one minutes.  Occasionally, the
Bythian navigator glanced over the radar display, not expecting to
see anything, but keeping watch all the same.
  Suddenly, it spotted three blips on the extreme edge of the radar
field.  At the next sweep, there were fifteen blips.  It didn't waste
any time; it thrust fingers into control-spaces, launching a volley
of missiles, each no larger than a football, designed simply to get
in front of a target and disintegrate, leaving a cluster of debris
moving at high speed.  As soon as the missiles were away, the blips
scattered, changing course with a smoothness only possible for ships
driven by NoSan'No'Os impeller engines.  The Bythian immediately sent
an alarm to Threat Termination Control, but before it could specify
the nature of the problem, the first blip had arrived at its
destination, directly between the asteroid and the scout.  It paused
there for a moment, and the Navigator considered lobbing some more
missiles at it when it vanished in a pinpoint of white light, a flare
of vaporised rock spreading out from the leading shoulder of the
asteroid.  The navigator didn't bother throwing its arms up in front
of its face, which would have been a useless gesture; its last act
was to launch all its missiles in the general direction of the line
of blips; three projectiles made it out of the scout's launching bay
before a hail of asteroid-fragments riddled the ship, tearing it to
pieces.  The Bythian didn't survive to see the other fourteen blips
reach their target and detonate, each pushing the asteroid several
degrees off its course.
      `Remember: military targets only! Be sure you hit nothing
       except bases, dumps, roads, factories, bridges, trains,
       ships, houses, fields, forests, buildings, vehicles, or
       anything else that may look suspicious.'
                       - Handelsman
  Tsiry-Feylen was in the freighter, talking with two other Moridani
who were on their way to Earth.
  `It's going to be a <nightmare>,' she said with a degree of
disgust.  `Kendr-Saranaxio is getting sentimental... anyway, it
appears that there are almost twice as many asteroids as we accounted
for, so by the time you get here, the planet will be a disaster
area... the system will be swarming with Bythians... we're tempted to
cut and run.'
  `The first wave of diversion-missiles will have reached their
targets by now; what is the latest projection with regards to Threat
Termination finding out what's going on?'  Tsiry-Feylen transmitted a
complex, four-dimensional data-structure, showing how many of the
eight hundred and ten scouts nurse-maiding the projectiles were
expected to survive the detonation of the diversion-missiles and what
the chances were of any of the survivors being able to report.
  `We agree... it *_is_* going to be a <nightmare>.  We will have to
arrange temporary living quarters for, how many?' `eleven hundred.'
`eleven hundred humans, on Triple-S and Beckett.  We can't see that
many humans co-existing peacefully inside NoSan'No'Os freighters for
more than a <week>.'  Tsiry-Feylen narrowed her eyes, grinning.
  `Maybe that is just what we need.'  She closed the connection,
instructed her suit to take her outside, to check on the cargo
loading.  She saw the five humans sitting on the edge of the loading
ramp, and waved as she passed, grinning to herself when she saw the
looks of surprise on the faces of Kelanie's friends.
  Kelanie had been fielding their questions, assisted by Marek and
the odd comment thrown in by Kendr-Saranaxio as she ran past, herding
crates into the freighter.  Gaeren Tuuri, a tall, thin neuter who had
worked with Kelanie in the Bureau of Procuration, was describing the
chaos that the NoSan'No'Os withdrawal had produced.
  `It was like a mob of children who'd just been let out of school...
what surprised me was the number of murders that occurred; you don't
realise just how violent most people are underneath the thin veneer
of civilisation...' he shuddered.  Genesis, one of Kelanie's
associates from her days in the `AnarchArtist' Terrorist/ Absurdist
organisation, was scanning through the notes she'd collected during
her stay on Millimillenary.  He'd found a picture of the
Bythian-hired assassin, the one they'd called the `Barber'.
  `This... up until three weeks ago, there were dozens of these Xenos
all over the place, accompanied by squads of Bythians.'  Mileva
Barker, ex-AV thief and street-gang leader, had taken a liking to
Marek; Kelanie felt obliged to warn her, in low-level street talk, to
be careful with him, `... or else you will have me to answer to.'
  Tsiry-Feylen noted that the Hangar was now empty; she turned back
to the ship, stopping at the ramp and opening up her suit.  She
resisted the impulse to bare her teeth at Kelanie's friends.
  `Unless you are expecting anyone else, we should go.  It appears
that we haven't been one hundred percent successful in stopping the
asteroids, and our best estimates give us less than half an hour to
get clear.  We have successfully diverted approximately six hundred
and fifty of the eight hundred and ten projectiles; the remaining few
have been blown off course, but we can't be sure exactly where
they'll land until they enter the atmosphere, because the Bythian
scouts that survived the attacks have been trying to push them back
on course.'  Kendr-Saranaxio joined them, opening her suit (and
scaring Mileva by grinning broadly, scraping her teeth together and
producing the sound which Kelanie had once compared to that of knives
being sharpened).
  `Baylal-Delvoy-Kendr-Teff reports that there are some military
transports on their way from Bythe Prime...' `... and you can believe
that they aren't just stopping by to say "hello"...' `we have
allocated the rest of the diversion-missiles to targeting the
remaining scouts, so, with a degree of luck, all the asteroids will
miss Earth, giving us enough time to get as many people off as we can
fit into two NoSan'No'Os freighters.'  Kelanie said,
  `Didn't you say that there were three freighters on their way?'
Kendr-Saranaxio narrowed her eyes, abruptly closed her suit and ran
up the ramp into the ship.  Tsiry-Feylen hissed, exposing her fangs,
the hands of her suit clenching and unclenching, and then turned to
run after Kendr-Saranaxio.  There was a moment of embarrassed
silence.  Marek hefted the case of hand-weapons which Mileva had
stolen from the museum (in which they'd found the helicopter), and
started up the ramp after the two Moridani.
  `Come on.'  Kelanie, the last one up the ramp, paused in the
hatchway and turned to look at the ExPort one last time.  A twinkling
light far off in the sky caught her attention; she closed her suit,
aimed a boom-mounted camera in the general direction of the light,
magnified the view.  It appeared to be moving downwards slowly and as
she watched, glowing fragments broke off and spun away.  She blew
into the voice-activated microphone, and said,
  `Tsiry-Feylen?  Can you see that object in the sky to the east of
us?'  There was a pause, after which the ramp fell away and the hatch
closed, almost chopping off the end of Kelanie's boom-mounted camera.
She stumbled back slightly as the ship lifted.
  `Kelanie, secure yourself... we have a projectile coming in on us.'
Tsiry-Feylen said.
  `An asteroid?'  She instructed her suit to run back to the
freighter's control room, passing her friends on the way there, while
she tried to find an external camera that could show her the
projectile in any detail.  She could hear fragments of conversation,
the choppiness of the voice-activated microphones becoming annoyingly
obvious as she tried to filter some meaning out of the words:
  `-primary diversion was successful, at least it's not going to hit
the residential area-'
  `-ing thing IS going to hit US, though, if we don't get moving NOW!
Kelanie, are you secured?'  She halted her suit's headlong rush,
threw herself down to lie spread-eagled on the floor, hands and feet
locking against the sides of the corridor.
  `Yes, I'm secure - what's going to -'  She heard a thump, which,
even through the walls of the ship, was obviously somewhere below
them, followed by a jarring blow which hit her in the stomach as the
ship was buffeted by the strike.  Had she been standing at the time,
she would have ended up at the far end of the corridor in a heap. The
ship rocked like a leaf over a bonfire as she scrambled to her feet,
stumbling down the passage.
  In the control room, her friends were clustered in a corner, while
the two Moridani stood at the control columns, busily directing their
dwindling supply of intelligent missiles towards their targets.  One
of Tsiry-Feylen's component personalities took the time to inform
them:
  `It looks bad, children - the NAPAIsub for this system caught on to
us quickly... they are definitely worried about you.'  Kelanie, still
in her suit, went to a column off to one side, out of the Moridani's
way.  She patched her suit's display into the control column and
sorted through the various views available from outside monitors,
eventually finding one that showed the Earth below them.  There was a
turbulent grey field of cloud directly underneath them where the
asteroid had hit.  Her eyes widened as two more projectiles passed
by, on parallel courses, glowing an angry red colour; one of them
less than fifty metres from the ship.  Something zipped across the
screen, curving to track the nearer of the two asteroids, which were
dwindling rapidly in the distance.  There was an intense white flare,
momentarily rendering everything in stark black shadows; when it had
faded, the first asteroid, chunks breaking away, was drifting towards
its companion.  As Kelanie increased the magnification to keep them
in view, they collided, the first asteroid breaking up into four
smaller pieces, the second pushed off course.  She opened her suit,
sitting it down on its knees, staring at the screen as it tracked the
asteroid until it hit, on the edge of the residential block about
five kilometres from the ExPort.  The view, which was already heavily
aliased due to the extreme magnification, became completely obscured
by dust, but she knew that anyone in that part of residential block
would be dead.  She looked up at Tsiry-Feylen, despairingly.
  `Isn't there anything we can do?'  Tsiry-Feylen kept flicking her
fingers in and out of the control-spaces, and replied tersely,
  `There is, and we are doing it.  If you would like to help, go down
to the secondary cargo bay and look for a crate marked "vayasch
cheyr".  We'd hate to think that it got left behind.'
 <######> requesting connection    ............
         connection established    connection established
                                   who is this?  identify yourself!
 we have a data packet for you.
                                   repeat, identify yourself!
                                   look, i can't accept this data
                 (transmitting)    without identif - oh, all right,
                                   receiving... End Of File.
         checksum (A3E453C36C)?    confirmed.  now, who is this?
      ###### closing connection    what?  oh, very well.  it must
                                   have been some sort of on-line
                                   function test.  now, let's have
                                   a look at this data packet... it
                                   seems fairly self-explanatory...
                                   it seems fairly self-explanatory,
                                   it seems fairly self-explanatory
                                   it seems fairly self-explanatory
                                   itO]!h9
                                   CPU HALTED
           *           *           *           *           *
  Kayren, being more familiar with NoSan'No'Os equipment, was able to
get a patch from the multitude of transmissions that the Moridani
were receiving from their smart missiles, scattered throughout nearby
space.  The humans sat in the cargo bay and watched as the Pthalklin
Ervae expertly adjusted a multi-screen holographic display, the views
changing every thirty seconds.   Most of them were incomprehensible;
some were streaked with the dot-patterns that the Moridani used for
telemetry; others were blank, or obscured by static.  Whenever they
found an interesting view, they froze the display on that channel
until the missile that was sending it was destroyed.  Kelanie sat
behind the others, in her battle suit, her hands clenched around the
grips of the hand-manipulator controls.  They were getting a
fragmentary view of the carnage that the Moridani had been unable to
prevent; huge chunks of rock ploughing into heavily-populated centres
with the strength of atomic weapons, the shock waves knocking
buildings flat in circles for kilometres around.  She tried to treat
it like some sort of documentary special-effect, but it didn't make
her feel any better.  After watching the eighth or ninth city being
demolished, she slammed her suit shut and stamped out.  Momentarily,
Marek turned as if to follow her, but couldn't think of anything
reassuring to say, and instead folded himself up behind a crate, his
head in his hands.
  When she got to the control room, both Moridani were motionless,
watching a single monitor on which telemetry information flashed past
at a rate too fast for her translator to even register.
  `Tsiry-Feylen?  What's happening?'  No answer.  She walked her suit
over to stand between the xenos, opened it.  Their attention didn't
waver.  Kelanie sat in her suit, trying for a minute to decide
whether interrupt them.  She was about to speak again when both
turned sharply to look at each other, baring their teeth and hissing;
a display that almost made Kelanie's hair stand on end.
Kendr-Saranaxio stretched, shaking her rear legs, and Tsiry-Feylen
said,
  `We think we may have just halted Earth's NAPAISub.  If we have
succeeded, then we stand a chance of getting those nine hundred
people off Earth safely.'  Kendr-Saranaxio opened a communications
channel to one of the other stolen NoSan'No'Os freighters, began
chatting with another Moridani.  Tsiry-Feylen took Kelanie aside, sat
on one of their grey patterned rugs, her legs folding neatly
underneath.   `We gravely underestimated the importance that the
NoSan'No'Os placed on your extermination.  We had been monitoring the
communications between the NAPAISubs, but it appears that this
exercise was planned privately between the local NAPAISub and NAPAI.
We have managed to get both freighters down on Earth and fully
loaded... we are now waiting for an opening before we can lift them
to safety.'  Kelanie felt an ache behind her eyes, matched by a
nervous feeling in her stomach, as if she were about to perform on
stage in front of thousands of people.  Tsiry-Feylen was watching her
closely.  Kelanie said in a small voice,
  `You've seen this happen before, haven't you?'
  `Six times.  This is the third time we've been involved in an
rescue.  We have some idea of the anguish you are experiencing.'
Kelanie closed her eyes as the feeling got worse.  `We don't cry, but
if we could, we would.'  The semi-nauseous feeling vanished, abruptly
replaced by anger.
  `I would have thought that you'd be used to it by now.'  she
sneered.  Tsiry-Feylen raised an index finger in warning.
  `We had friends on Earth, too.  Don't, for one minute, think that
you have some sort of monopoly on grief around here.  Start to think
that when you have seen this game played out a few more times, when
you have seen more sentient beings killed than you thought existed.
Start to think that when the NoSan'No'Os are hunting for you,
personally, and will kill anyone who gets in their way to find you.
Start to think that when you find that you cannot trust anyone, or
befriend anyone, for fear that they will be killed by the
NoSan'No'Os.'  Kelanie stared up at the alien for a moment, then
broke the contact by abruptly shutting her suit and running off down
the corridor.
  She found herself in the corridor where she had back-handed the
Bythian, almost severing its head.  She opened her suit, undid the
securing straps and stood up in it, bringing her head level with a
yellow stain on the white ceramic wall.  Bythian blood.  She reached
out and ran her fingers over it, idly scraping some of it off with
her fingernails.  She heard someone - Marek, judging from the sound
of his bare feet - approaching.  She laid her hand flat against the
wall, turned to face him.  In the short time that he had known her,
Marek had never seen her with an expression like the one she
presented now.  It was a look that conveyed icy, relentless resolve;
the look of obsession.
  `We will give them good reason to fear us.' she said.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
This file is Copyright (c) Nikolai Kingsley, 1995.   Unlimited
electronic reproduction and one hard-copy per user is permitted, for
non-profit use, providing that this notice is left intact.
hail eris - Fnord - all hail discordia - 93 - oops, that's my banana
--------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  THE CABIN
          
                                    Copyright 1991, Adam Poszar
              This'll fix 'em.  Abuse me will they!  There's laws
          against that stuff ya know!
              Been plannin' this for more'n a week.  Ever since I
          saw this old place hidden back here off the road in the
          middle of all these trees.  Saw it when they brought me
          back from soccer practice.  THEY didn't see it.  THEY
          don't pay any attention!
              Sure is quiet.  I hate quiet.  I'd of brought my boom
          box 'cept the batteries are dead.  Its all THEIR fault!
          "Buy your OWN batteries," they said.  "EARN the money,"
          they said.  "Mow the lawn," they said. "Do your homework.
          Clean up your room.  Take out the garbage.  Pick up your
          shoes."  I'm so mad I could scream!  And its always when
          my favorite shows are on!
              Sure is quiet, though.
              I'm hungry.  Missed dinner.  Had to get here before
          dark and it took me TWO HOURS to ride up here on my bike.
          That dumb old piece of junk.  I've had it since the
          Christmas I was nine!  Two whole years!
              I'm cold, too.  I grabbed a couple of cans of stuff on
          the way out but there isn't any microwave here.  No
          'lectricity either.  Besides, the can opener musta fallen
          outa my pocket.  That's HIS fault!  I had to get out
          before HE came home from work and I'd have to listen to
          "Do your homework." and "Turn off that television!" all
          night.  Well they're not gonna abuse ME anymore...'cause
          I'm not there!
              I'm still cold.  I brought a pack of matches so's I
          could start a fire.  Had 'em in my back pocket.  Hey, it
          was hard work coming all the way up here!  I got sweaty,
          so what?  Darned matches got wet and now they won't work.
          Dumb old bike.  I told them I wanted a new ten-speed!
          Told them last week! Would they buy me one?  NOOOOO!
              What's that?
              Voices!  Somebody's shinin' lights in the window!
          There's cars outside!
This is a copy of the winning story submitted to the "Campfire
Stories" contest, and it comes from the great state of Texas and won
the week's prize of $25,000.  (from Snohomish Insights via Vancouver
Ostomy Highlife).
(Note:  For BEST effect, read this aloud to a group of 4 or more.
My friend is a rather old-fashioned lady always quite delicate and
elegant, especially in her language.  She and her husband were
planning a week's vacation in Florida, so she wrote to a particular
campground and asked for reservations.
She wanted to make sure the campground was fully equipped, but didn't
quite know how to ask about the toilet facilities.  She just couldn't
bring herself to write the word "toilet" in her letter.  After much
deliberation, she finally came up with the old-fashioned term
"bathroom commode".  But when she wrote that down, she still thought
she was being too forward, so she started all over again, rewrote the
entire letter and referred to the bathroom commode merely as the
"B.C."  "Does the campground have its own "B.C.?" is what she actually
wrote.
Well, the campground owner wasn't oldfashioned at all, and when he got
the letter he just couldn't figure out what she was talking about.
That "B.C." business really stumped him.
After worrying about it for a while he showed the letter to several
campers but they couldn't imagine what the lady meant, either.  So the
campground owner, finally coming to the conclusion that the lady must
be talking about the location of the local Baptist Church, sat down
and wrote the following reply:
Dear Madam:
I regret very much the delay in answering your letter, but now I take
the pleasure of informing you that a B.C. is located nine miles north
of the campground and is capable of seating 250 people at one time.
I admit it is quite a distance away if you are in the habit of going
regularly, but no doubt you will be pleased to know that a great many
people take their lunches along and make a day of it.  They usually
arrive early and stay late.
The last time my wife and I went was six years ago, and it was so
crowded we had to stand up the whole time we were there.  It may
interest you to know that right now there is a supper planned to raise
money to buy more seats.  They're going to hold it in the basement of
the B.C.
I would like to say it pains me very much not to be able to go more
regularly, but it surely is not lack of desire on our part.  As we
grow older, it seems to be more of an effort, particularly in cold
weather.
If you decide to come down to our campground, perhaps I could go with
you the first time you go; sit with you and introduce you to all the
other folks.  Remember - this is a friendly community.
Sincerely,
From ats5@internet01.comp.pge.com Thu Aug  4 15:07:01 1994
Date: Wed, 3 Aug 94 22:25:01 PDT
From: Andy Smith <ats5@internet01.comp.pge.com>
Subject: Accounting for the Cards by H. R. Valimaa
Accounting for the Cards
H. R. Valimaa
Graphic Art by J. B. Rourke
"Doesn't anyone read anymore?" grumbled Mary as she logged off the Net. One
week, 32 newsgroups and a shitload of email after posting her questions, and she was
no closer to an answer. There was a rapping on her door.
"Yeah?"
"Sheriff Obequot is here to see you."
"I'll be there in a minute." She stood up, hiked down her navy wool skirt and
shrugged into the matching suit jacket. The silver raven necklace was Mary's only
Ojibiwa accoutrement, an odd contrast to her navy pumps and short bobbed hair. She
picked up the ledgers for the OEC (Ojibiwa Entertainment Corporation), containing
hardcopy of the casino's financial accounts. The figures showed the tribe's primary
income, a fairly significant figure. The amount in the ledgers, unfortunately, did not
jibe with the amount in the bank's records. As the OEC accountant Mary found
this--unsettling.
Another knock disrupted her thoughts. 
"Shut off the Tetris, Mary. I don't have all day for this."
She opened the door and stood eyeball to eyeball with Hank Obequot, Marquette
County Sheriff, father and chief pain in her butt. He took in her clothing and raised
an eyebrow. The motion encapsulated a three-year-old argument. (Just 'cause CPAs
are money smart and clothes foolish you gotta copy everything?)
She smiled tightly at him. (You want people to treat you like a professional, you have
to look like one to them. I don't see you trading in your Sheriff's uniform for
buckskins.)
Sometimes words were redundant.
"Please have a seat, Sheriff." Keep it official, Mary thought. She gestured to an old
armchair squeezed between her desk and a brick-and-board bookcase. He lowered
his stocky frame into it; his eyebrow remained raised as she continued.
"I need to report a robbery."
The other brow joined the first. "Someone lift your truck's tape player?"
"Someone's lifted $12,000 from the OEC." 
He frowned. Hank Obequot had set up the security system for the casino (grumbling
all the while). Keeping employment within the tribe kept in-house pilfering
low-to-nonexistent, and lots of very attentive in-house workers usually kept the
customers from walking off with anything but their legit winnings. "Nothing's
stirring out there. Not a hold-up, right? Embezzlement? Figures out of whack,
accountant?" She nodded.
"Well, if the November one statement was that far off, why'd you wait two weeks to
call me? Dammit, Mary, anyone's grabbed $12,000 could be in Brazil by now."
"The November statement was fine," she said wearily. "Look at the books if you
want. They balance to the penny. But the bank has set up the accounts so I can
download them and check them day-to-day." Actually, the bank had done that quite
a while ago, but Janine had just shown her how to access them this month.
"When'd the money go missing?"
"It seemed to start around November 7. It's gone at about fifteen hundred a day,
minus Sundays. At first I figured there was some electronic lag and let it go a few
days. Then I figured my books were off. I had Tom, from McGraw and Hudson,
check them out." She ran her hands through her hair. "He was thorough, Dad. He ran
a friggin' audit and there is nothing wrong with the books. He offered me a job, but
no ideas on where the money went."
"You called in an outside accountant firm?"
"Yeah. Hell, I only had time and funds for two years at Northern. I've started up with
a few classes this fall, now that we've got money for more floor staff. But, there's
still a lot that I don't know. So, yes, I asked Tom." She started to pace. "I also asked
my advisor at Northern for a possible explanation. I asked a couple of grad students
in the department. I asked a couple million faceless souls on the Internet." She
grimaced. "I got lots of info from that last one. 'Tribal gambling is corrupt.' 'Tribal
gambling is a blow for Native Americans against the Anglos.' 'Accountants are
corrupt.'" Her dad grinned. She continued, "'Money is polluting our way-of-life.'
'Native Americans can bet on the Redskins in the Superbowl in good conscience if
they declare it on their taxes.' From there they started to go off the subject." She
paused for breath. "What it comes down to is that fifteen hundred dollars a night has
gone missing these past ten days. No customers..." 
"Marks," he inserted. 
"...have been in that regularly, and I don't see how they could lift that kind of money
past our security. It's not the 'marks.' Its not the books. Who is it? One of the
employees?"
"Or the bank."
"Perhaps. But I don't think anyone at the bank would be that clumsy. If they were
gonna take that kind of money, they'd hit a big company--the copper mines, one of
the fisheries, hell, Northern University. We all use Northwestern Union. The OEC
isn't the kind of company where you can hide this kind of discrepancy."
"If someone was gonna grab the money and run, they wouldn't much care about
figure juggling. Could be they're hitting all the places you've mentioned. Could be
any number of things."
"So check both. The bank. The casino workers. Hell, check the local squirrels. Maybe
they're sneaking hundred-dollar bills from the courier bag for their nests. I just want
the OEC's money back."
He stood up. "I'll put Deputy Lahti on it." At her frown, he held up his hands. "Hey,
now, Mary, this ain't the only crime committed around here, not by a long shot. I've
had two drug busts, a hit-and-run and three B and E's since I went on shift this
afternoon. A busier day than I used to have before this gambling palace opened," he
added pointedly.
"I guess folks have something worth breaking and entering for, now." 
He shut the door firmly behind him.
Mary buried her head in her hands and studied the desk. Oak. Scratched.
Polyeurothaned. Nice grain. Unhelpful.
"Should I come back?" Janine Jagegiwaya--no, it was "Quick Raven" these days,
thanks to a heritage kick--slouched against the door. She wore an army-drab jacket
over a leather vest and blue jeans. At sixteen, she could still hope that the next couple
of years would make the vest more interesting.
"God, is it 7:30 already?" The buzzing from the main casino room was getting
louder. She'd thought it was just her head.
"Um-hmm. I've got a program to finish for class next Monday. You 'kay?"
"I've been better." Mary moved away from the desk as Quick Raven ambled over.
The only things speedy about the kid were her fingers and her mind. She was in
remedial classes through fifth grade because she didn't open her mouth in class. After
her standardized test scores came in, some sheepish administrators booted her into the
gifted/talented track; she was spending her senior year at the community college.
She'd gotten Mary through her first hairy encounters with Lotus and Great Plains
Accounting software (Janine got a kick out of the name), introduced her to Internet,
shown her how to download the bank record...
"Say, Janine--" The girl typed a bit more, paused, typed again, tapped the "enter"
key a few times.
"OK, Quick Raven, then." Quick Raven looked up and grinned. "Did you mention the
computer bank access to anyone?"
"Nah."
"So no one here knows I'm seeing the figures before December one?"
"Prob'ly not." Quick Raven turned back to the screen.
No wonder no one had legged it. They figured they had two more weeks, and over
$15,000 more, before she'd catch on. She felt her stomach knot. No one at the bank
would assume that; she was probably the last accountant in Marquette, Michigan, to
rely on snail mail for her figures. It had to be someone here. "Oh, shit," she
grumbled, and left Janine to Terminex her homework.
Mary walked past the kitchen, into the main room of the casino. The public part of
the casino was situated in three rooms, all decorated in the log-cabin-gone-baroque
style made popular by Maurice Mennifield on Northern Exposure. The tribe had
gotten someone's grandmother's attic full of Victorian-ugly furniture and someone
else's great-uncle's supply of old rifles, now honorably retired to the wall racks. A
few blankets added color to the walls and doubled as noise dampeners. The green felt
on the tables glowed in the light of the "oil lamps," authentic sea lanterns that had
been wired and now swayed above waves of tourists. 
Against the west wall was a bar and a couple of rows of tables. Mary watched a tray
of roast beef sandwiches being carried toward them; the aroma made her entire body
sway. When had she missed lunch? A few hours after skipping breakfast. She snagged
a table and flagged down the next waitress. 
"Ask Chuck to send out the quickest thing on the grill, wouldja Andrea?"
"'Bout time you got out here, Mary. We were about to drag you out of that office
behind a snowmobile." Andrea grinned and swayed towards the kitchen, her
high-heeled lavender shoes exaggerating her naturally bouncy gait. She had a lot of
what Quick Raven's vest lacked, and several customers watched her with warm eyes.
"I wonder where she got those new pumps?" mused Mary, enviously. A thought
struck her. Andrea had access to the money pouch. Heck, maybe everyone here could
find a way to get at it for two or three minutes a night. How long would it take to lift
fifteen hundred dollars? No, if any of the waits or croupiers were going into her
office every night, one of the guards would have noticed. Still, the room wasn't
exactly hermetically sealed. She'd never thought it would need to be.
Internal security at the casino was based on the concept, naive perhaps, that no one
would steal from himself. The casino was tribally owned and staffed. The workers
were paid--not wonderfully, Mary only made $19,000 a year--but decently,
compared to a tribal average well below the poverty line. More importantly, the
profits went to the tribe. They paid for education and training for better jobs. The
Michigan Ojibiwa Reservation now had two electricians and a plumber. Four native
teachers were in the elementary school (which met in four rooms out of a new
nine-room school building), and several high school teachers, a doctor and two
lawyers were en-route. Janine was sure to bring a computer engineering degree into
the tribe soon. Now kids at school talked about becoming engineers and cops, rangers
and dentists, not waitresses, "injun" tour guides and subsistence farmers. Most
importantly, they talked about doing it here, not in Detroit or Milwaukee. Whoever
was siphoning off the money from the OEC's accounts was stealing their future.
