for a way out. Suddenly I came upon the carcass of an animal. Just then I 
remembered once hearing the story of a doomed valley, into which diamond 
hunters would throw a large dead animal. The precious gems stuck to the 
carcass and the hunters would then wait for a vulture or eagle to appear. The 
bird of prey would swoop down on the meat and carry it away in its talons to 
the plateau above. There, the diamond hunters, shouting and yelling, forced 
the bird to give up its prey. With this tale in mind, I filled my pockets with
diamonds then roped myself to the dead animal.
   A little later, a huge eagle carried the carcass and me to the plateau. It 
was just about to tear into the flesh with its beak, when some men appeared, 
shouting loudly. The eagle flapped away and, though my clothes were 
bloodstained, I was alive!
   I told the diamond hunters about my adventure and gave some diamonds to the
man who had thrown the carcass into the valley. They all told me I was under 
Allah's own protection. I had come out alive from the valley of the snakes; 
something nobody else had ever done before. Next day, I set off homewards. I 
bartered some of the diamonds for goods to sell and became richer than ever. 
When I arrived in Baghdad, my friends and relations welcomed me with delight 
and, again forgetting all my trials and troubles, I went back to an easy life.
And that's the tale of my second voyage.
   I'll tell you about the third tomorrow. It's time to eat now," ended Sinbad
the Sailor.
   Sinbad the bearer of burdens had, like all those present, listened 
wide-eyed to this story, and again that evening, he found himself gifted 
another three gold coins. Of course, next day, he hurried back to the sailor's
home. He sat at his side till the rich man's friends came, then they sat down 
to a cheerful feast. When the meal was over, Sinbad the Sailor told the tale 
of his third voyage.
   "Rich as I was, I wanted to become even richer. So I got a passage again at
Bassora, on a fine vessel, together with other merchants.
   One day, we ran into a fierce storm and the captain began to cry:
   'The ship is out of control! The sails are in tatters! Let's hope we can 
find shelter in the lee of Monkey Mountain. Though the monkeys are dangerous
beasts!`
   Shortly after this, the ship ran aground on the shore of a strange island 
and, in next to no time. we were surrounded by a tribe of monkeys. About the 
height of a child, hairy and smelly, they rushed about as we stood there 
without moving a muscle, afraid of what they might do. All we could do was 
stand aside and watch them swarm up the masts and tear the rubber lifeboats 
with their sharp teeth.
   Soon after, a giant wave swept the vessel out to sea, with the horrid 
creatures still aboard, together with all our cargo. As we wandered over the 
island, we caught sight of a huge castle-like building. Though very much 
afraid, we ventured through the gateway. The castle looked deserted, but 
somebody certainly lived there for, in the middle of the courtyard stood a 
large bench and a bonfire of logs was ablaze.
   We all sank on to the bench and, overcome by fatigue, fell fast asleep. As 
evening came the ground began to tremble. A terrifying creature was 
approaching us. It was a real ogre, gigantic with fierce red eyes, long fangs 
like those of a wild pig, a great mouth and huge ears. The ogre grabbed me and
started to prod me with his enormous hands. Luckily I was too skinny for his 
taste, so he picked out the plumpest of my companions, killed and made a meal 
of him. After this meal, he stretched out on the bench and slept whiie we 
shrank trembling in a corner, unable to sleep a wink. Next morning, the giant 
went off after locking the door behind him. For us it was a day of terror and 
the giant, when he returned, picked out another of our little band and made a 
meal of him too. As soon as he had fallen asleep, we came to a decision:
   'We must kill him while he's asleep!' So we put two long sticks into the 
coals and when they were burning hot, thrust them into the giant's eyes. The 
ogre leapt to his feet with a scream, knocking us over as he did. Now blinded,
he was quite unable to catch us. He fumbled his way to the door and stumbled 
out, screaming horribly as he went. We ran as fast as we could down to the sea
and hastily made a raft out of pieces of driftwood. The raft was barely in the
water when we saw the giant coming, with an even more horrible-looking 
giantess.
   They started to hurl great rocks at us, and we were hit more than once. 
Before we could escape their reach, they had managed to kill all my companions
except two. Though by now the raft was scarcely afloat, it carried all three 
of us to another island. Not knowing where we were, we roamed all day, meeting
no-one at all, and fell sound asleep when night fell.
   It was not a peaceful night, however. A giant snake crept up and gobbled 
down one of my friends. Then it curled up and went to sleep. Shaking with 
terror, my remaining companion and I climbed a tree. Thinking he was sure to 
be safe there, my friend settled down in the lowest forked branch. This was to
save my life. For the snake later finding the poor man an easy victim, ate him
up rather than climb to the top of the tree for me. I didn't see how I could 
ever get away from this place alive. However, I had an idea. Picking up the 
planks lying round about, I tied one under my feet, another on each side, one 
along my stomach, another at my back and the last as a roof over my head. This
gave me a sort of armour. When, late that night, the snake did its best to 
devour me, it could not, no matter how hard it tried. My wooden armour 
withstood the crushing. The reptile squeezed and squeezed till dawn. but as 
the sun came up, it wearily gave up and slithered away. I untied the planks 
and set off in search of food. My wanderings took me to the tip of the island,
high above the sea. As I sat there, downhearted, staring at the water, I saw a
ship sail past only a few hundred yards from the shore. The crew heard my 
cries and I was safe at last. I was hoisted aboard, fed and clothed and later 
I told them my amazing tale, which naturally astonished those who heard it. A 
fair wind swept us safely into the port of Salahita.
   The captain then said to me:
   'You're a poor unfortunate stranger here, but I'd like to give you another 
chance. This ship is carrying a batch of goods belonging to one of the 
passengers who vanished on a desert island. Nothing has ever been heard of him
again. I'm going to sell these articles and take the money back to his family.
If you like, you can try selling them. I'll give you a commission on what you 
manage to sell.'
   I thanked the captain for his kindness; I was desperately in need. However,
the bosun who was busy listing the cargo, asked a question:
   'Captain,' he said, 'what name do I put on these goods?'
   'Mark them as Sinbad the Sailor's. That's the name of the man who 
disappeared. '
   'But I'm Sinbad the Sailor!' I exclaimed. 'And I didn't disappear at all. I
fell asleep on the island and when I awoke, you had all gone. These are my 
goods. The diamond hunters I met on the mountain, to whom I told my tale, will
vouch for all this.'
   The crowd of seamen and merchants that had clustered round to listen, began
to murmur amongst themselves. Some believed my words, others swore I was a 
liar. Suddenly, however, on hearing the words 'diamond hunters', one of the 
merchants came up to me and, after a good stare, exclaimed:
   'Do you remember when I told you all about the man roped to the carcass I 
threw into Diamond Valley? Well, this is him! I know his face. Everything he 
says is true.' At that, the captain sharply demanded:
   'What marks do your goods have on them? Which are they?' I told him and he 
too realised that I was none other than Sinbad. That's how I got my belongings
back and was able to go on trading as though nothing had happened. When I
returned home, I saw that I was even richer than before. That's all I have to 
tell about my third voyage," Sinbad said, "but if you come back tomorrow, I'll
describe the fourth one."
   Thus saying, he ordered that the bearer of burdens should be given three 
gold coins. Next morning, Sinbad the Porter hurried back to his rich friend. 
They enjoyed a meal and waited till all the other guests had appeared. Then 
Sinbad the Sailor started to tell the story of his fourth adventure.
   "As in the past, I began to feel the urge to travel, and I knew I had to go
back to sea. I bought a great quantity of goods, said goodbye and went to 
Bassora to find a ship. To begin with, the voyage was all plain sailing. Till 
the day a hurricane ripped the sails and broke up the ship. We all ended in 
the sea, though most of us were able to cling to bits of wreckage and keep 
afloat. Then the waters grew calm again and the waves washed us ashore on an 
island. Our first thought was to look for food and as we did so, we came upon 
a building. A band of naked men rushed out, without uttering a sound and shut 
us up in a large pen. They brought us such strange food that I, who did not 
trust them, refused to eat. But, overcome by hunger, my friends gobbled it 
down. This was to lead to their ruin, for the more they ate, as though by 
magic, the hungrier they felt.
   In horror, I realised that the naked men were the subjects of an ogre. They
caught shipwrecked sailors, fattened them up with special food and then when 
they were nice and plump, strangled and roasted them. While my friends, 
already out of their minds, were led to pasture just like farm animals, I 
began to starve. By the time I was nothing but skin and bone, nobody was 
paying the slightest attention to me and I took the opportunity to run away.
   For seven days and seven nights I walked without stopping. At dawn on the 
eighth day, in the distance I could see folk picking peppers. They took pity 
on me and led me to their king. I told His Majesty everything that had 
happened since the day I left Baghdad, and feeling sorry for me, the king 
presented me with a silver coin. I decided to stay in that hospitable city. It
was easy to make friends with the citizens, and they soon had great respect 
for me. One day, I noticed that everyone the rich and the poor, always rode 
bareback. Surprised at this I mentioned it to the king and he asked
   'What is a saddle like?'
   'Have I your permission to make one?' I asked him.
   'If you wish,' he replied, ordering his servants to provide me with 
everything I required. A skilled carpenter built the wooden shape, stuffed it 
with wool and covered it with leather. A blacksmith forged the stirrups. Then 
I strapped the saddle on a horse's back and persuaded the king to try riding 
it. He was so delighted that he gave me a generous reward for my work. A few 
days later, I had a visit from the Prime Minister. He too wanted a saddle, and
in the end, so did many other important officials at Court. I set to work at 
making saddles for them all and quickly became wealthy.
   As time went by, my reputation grew, and the king sent for me one day.
   'You are now highly respected and well loved by all here. But what you need
is a wife. I wish you to marry the young lady I've chosen for you.' And this I
did willingly, for she was rich and beautiful. I was perfectly happy with my 
wife and lived in peace.
   'If I ever go home,' I said to myself, 'I'll take her with me.' But a man's
fate is always a mystery.
   A little time later, I went to visit one of my neighbours. His wife had 
died and he was desperate.
   'My good friend,' I consoled him, 'don't torment yourself like this. You've
still a life to live. Maybe you'll get married again and find a wife that is 
even better than your first one!'
   'How do you expect me to remarry,' the man replied, 'when I've only one 
more day to live!'
   'What? But you're perfectly healthy! '
   'I know,' he said, 'but I shall be buried along with my wife today. That's 
our custom.' And as we were speaking, in came the man's friends and relations.
The dead woman was gently laid in her coffin and carried to the foot of a hill
by the sea shore. There the gravediggers lifted up a great stone, revealing a 
deep pit. Once the coffin had been lowered into the pit, the widower was 
obliged to follow it down, taking with him nothing but a jug of water and 
seven pieces of bread. I cried,
   'That's a fate worse than death,` I hurried straight to the king. 'How can 
anyone be so cruel as to bury the living with the dead?' I asked him.
   'It isn't cruel,' he replied. 'This custom has been followed since the dawn
of time.'
   'Do strangers suffer the same fate?' I asked him.
   'Yes. It touches all who live in this land and have married here.'
   I was aghast. This meant that my life would be linked to my wife's, and if 
she were to die, I would be buried with her. By sheer ill luck wife did fall 
ill some time after and died only a few days later. Her relatives arrived, 
dressed her, adorning her with all her jewellery, then laid her in her coffin.
They firmly gripped me and though I struggled and protested, I was lowered 
into the pit. The stone clanged back into place over my head. Wild with 
terror, I fainted. When I came to my senses I could see, with the aid of a 
feeble light filtering from a tiny crack, that I was in a vast cavern. All 
around, amongst broken coffins, lay skeletons covered with jewels. Horror gave
way to madness. I started to gather up the precious stones, without thinking 
that I would never be able to take them out, for this place was to be my own 
tomb. Overcome by desperation, I screamed, wept and swore, before dropping 
exhausted by the wall of the cavern.
   The days passed. I had carefully rationed my bread and water to make it 
last. I soon lost all notion of time and had no idea how long I had been down 
this pit. Yet a small ray of hope shone within me. I had survived so many 
other adventures and trials that it seemed impossible that I should die now. 
One day, the noise of rolling stones wakened me from sleep. I leapt to my feet
and rushed towards the spot the sound seemed to come from. There I saw a huge 
badger which, alarmed at my sudden arrival, fled along a tunnel. I followed it
and after crawling for what seemed an eternity, caught sight of light: it was 
the hole in the rock through which the badger had entered.
   In the open air again, I found myself halfway up the hillside. Fresh air at
last! I felt as though I had been given a new lease of life. However, I went 
back along the tunnel to the cavern and stripped the dead of the jewels they 
would never need again.
   On the shore I managed to catch some lobsters and other molluscs. The days 
went by, and at last I saw a ship. I rushed to the top of the hill and waved a
white cloth. Luckily someone saw it and a lifeboat was lowered into the water.
I was soon aboard, safe and sound. The ship continued on its way. It was an 
uneventful voyage, and some days later, I returned to Baghdad and my family 
and friends. And that," said Sinbad, "is what happened to me on my fourth sea 
voyage."
   With that, the sailor fell silent and his guests remarked in tones of 
wonder about their host's adventures. It was late when the porter rose to his 
feet to leave, and again he found three gold coins slipped into his hand.
   At the first light of dawn next day, Sinbad the Porter went to the house of
Sinbad the Sailor, who began to tell another tale.
   "I was as good as dead more than once during my fourth voyage, but I soon 
forgot the risks I had run. I began to feel the wanderlust again. This time I 
bought a ship, signed on a captain and loaded it with cargo. We sailed and 
traded from one island to another, till one day, we dropped anchor in a bay of
a desert island. Far in the distance I could see a white dome. It was a huge 
egg. That's when I knew I had landed on Rukh's island. Though I warned the 
merchants not to, they broke the egg and took out the chick. Just as they were
about to cook it, the sky grew very dark. Rukh's wings had blotted out the 
sun. We all ran back to the ship and I shouted to cast off immediately. When 
Rukh saw that the egg was broken, off he flew in search of his mate.
   In a very short time, the two great birds came back, circled above the ship
for a moment or two, then flapped away. We were well out to sea when we 
spotted the birds, each gripping a boulder in its talons. The captain managed 
to swerve and avoid Rukh's rock, but the second boulder scored a direct hit 
on the prow, smashing it to bits. The ship sank like a stone.
   As luck would have it, fate floated a spar towards me and clinging to this,
I was washed by the tide onto an island beach. I found myself in an immense 
garden of Eden, thickly planted with fruit trees and full of sparkling 
streams. After wandering through this garden for a while, I came upon an old 
man dressed in leaves, beside a spring. Thinking he must be another 
shipwrecked sailor, I went over to him.
   Without saying a word, the old man gestured that he wanted to go into the 
nearby forest, but was unable to walk. So I hoisted him onto my shoulders. 
However, when we reached the spot I thought he had pointed to, he refused to 
get down. What's more, as I tried to shrug him off my back, he squeezed his 
legs so tightly round my neck, I almost choked. I fell to the ground and the 
stranger began to kick me with an energy that was amazing in one so old and so
small. Then I realised I was at his mercy. Indeed, by dint of kicking, he made
me carry him here and there, without a moments rest. The only time I got any 
rest was when he fell asleep. But these breaks were very short, for the old 
fellow would not let me be. Dazed by his blows, I was furious at being so 
ill-rewarded for my kindness in helping him in the first place.
   As I was wandering about one day with the old man on my back, I saw some 
large water melons in a field. Close by was a vineyard, the vines laden with 
grapes. I decided I could easily make some wine. The old man said he did not 
mind and let me get on with the job. Several days later, the grapes had 
fermented and when the old fellow saw me happily tasting the wine, he snatched
the gourd from my hands and drained it dry. A little later, he was flat on the
ground, helplessly drunk. I kicked him then as hard as I could and ran off.
   A few days after this, a storm drove a ship into the bay, where she dropped
anchor. I was taken aboard, given fresh clothes and a meal. When the storm had
passed, the ship set sail and some weeks later we reached the monkey town. 
This strange town got its name from the ferocious monkeys that invaded it 
every evening. Towards sundown, the citizens were obliged to leave the town, 
take refuge on ships and other craft and stay away from the shore. Anyone 
remaining in the town would be killed by these fearsome creatures. Here too I 
had another stroke of bad luck.
   Having left the ship and gone to visit the town, I lingered at the market 
and my ship left without me. I was roaming about feeling very frightened, for 
it was almost evening, when a man came over to me.
   'Come with me,' he said, 'or the monkeys will get you!' So I went aboard 
his boat and spent the night out at sea, returning with the rest of the people
in the morning. And for the rest of the time I passed on the island, I spent 
the night on this man's boat. The owner became a friend and he said to me:
   'What's your job? What skills do you have?'
   'I'm a merchant,' I replied, 'but I can't trade, for I've lost all I had.'
   'Take this sack then,' he said 'fill it with stones. Go with these men and 
do as they do! Maybe you'll manage to make some money.' So I filled the sack 
with stones and went with the other men to a palm grove on the outskirts of 
the town, the home of a tribe of monkeys. The men started to throw the stones 
at the beasts, and from their perches in the treetops, the monkeys threw
coconuts. Whether this was in imitation of the men or in self defence, I do 
not know. But when we had thrown all our stones, we filled the sacks with 
coconuts. Back in the town, I took my coconut harvest to my friend.
   'Sell as many as you need to and store the rest in my warehouse.' I could 
not thank him enough for his help. Every day I went to the palm grove and came
back laden with coconuts. I sold some and stored the rest in the warehouse.
   Then one fine day, a ship sailed in. Now was my chance to go home again. I 
agreed a price with the captain for taking me and my load of coconuts. We set 
sail immediately, calling at islands and ports, and at all of them I bartered 
coconuts. On Cinnamon Island I bought cinnamon, on Pepper Island I got a large
quantity of pepper. Then we landed on an island where the aloe trees grew. The
wood of this tree is the best in the world and I bought a large number of 
planks. Later, we came to the Pearl Sea. I called the fishermen and promised
them many coconuts is they would fish pearls for me. This they did, and they
brought me lots of big pearls.
   'You have a great fortune there, Sir,' the fishermen exclaimed. Never 
before had they found so many big pearls all at the one time. With the 
blessing of Allah, we had an easy trip to Bassora, where I stopped for some 
time before going on to Baghdad. There I found my home, family and all my 
friends again. I gave generously, especially to widows and orphans, as I 
always did. When all was said and done, I had succeeded in gaining nearly four
times the amount I had lost. That helped me to quickly forget all my 
misadventures and I soon dropped back into a carefree, happy-go-lucky life.
   "Go now!" said Sinbad the Sailor, "but return tomorrow, and I'll tell you 
what happened during my sixth voyage."
   Sinbad the Porter received his usual three gold coins and went off home. 
Next morning, he returned, and was greeted with Sinbad the Sailor's usual 
kindliness. When the other guests arrived, there was a cheerful feast and all 
those present praised the sailor's generosity. After the meal, Sinbad began to
tell tale. 
   "Well, friends, I was so delighted to be back that my life was a round of 
parties and festivities. Once more I forgot all my past suffering, fears and 
brushes with death. One day, certain merchants who had just returned from a 
long cruise, came to see me, and I was seized with the longing to set out on 
my travels. So I bought new goods and took a passage on a large ship. It was a
peaceful voyage till the day the captain announced in frightened tones:
   'The wind has blown us into unknown waters. Anything can happen now, for I 
have no idea if there are reefs and rocks. I have no charts that show these 
seas. All we can do is pray to Allah!' Still greatly alarmed, he set the sails
to quickly leave behind the uncharted waters. But the wind suddenly veered, so
violently that the rudder split apart, leaving us at the mercy of the waves, a
short distance from an island surrounded by terrifying rocks.
   'There's no hope for us at all!' cried the captain. And a second later, the
ship crashed onto the rocks, smashing into a thousand splinters. With one or 
two others, I managed to cling to a rock. We came later to a wide beach, 
encircled by a steep mountain. Wreckage from many a shipwreck lay scattered on
the shore. Beside the beach, a river flowed for a short distance before 
disappearing into an opening in the rock. We quickly discovered that things of
value were to be found amongst the wrecks and we picked up rubies, pearls, 
emeralds and diamonds.
   Our great fear, however, was of dying of hunger for, though there were a 
few trees, not one bore any signs of fruit or even a berry to eat. And so, 
within a few days, everyone had died but myself, and I knew that I could not 
last long. I decided to dig my own grave.
   'If I should feel too weak,' I told myself, 'I shall lay myself down in my 
coffin and wait for death. Then the wind will blow sand over me and I too will
have a proper burial.' I dug the hole, then sat down to await the end, on the 
bank of the river, cursing my craze for travel. As I gazed at the running 
water, I suddenly realised that it must be flowing somewhere, perhaps even to 
a place where people were living. I had to make a raft. With that thought, I 
set to work using driftwood from the beach. Now, in order to float through the
entrance to the rock the raft would have to be short and narrow, so I made it
the same length as my own height and found two short sticks as oars. I loaded
all the gems I had found and my remaining items of food. Then I shoved it into
the water and lay down on it.
   The current swept me under the shadow of the rock and into darkness. The 
raft floated along, brushing the walls of the underground passageway, ready to
capsize from one minute to the next. Then the tunnel widened and the raft 
glided so smoothly and so gently that I fell asleep.
   When I awoke, I was back in the open air, lying on the grassy river bank 
and surrounded by men. Their friendly looks quickly calmed my fears.
   'Welcome, brother,' said one of the men as I opened my eyes. 'Where have 
you come from? Who are you?' I almost shouted at him:
   'In the name of all-holy Allah! Give me a bite of food. Then I'll answer 
all your questions.' At once the kindly people brought me food and drink, and 
as I gobbled it hungrily, I told them my tale.
   'We must take you to our king,' said the men. 'This is an extraordinary 
story. He'll be interested to hear it.' A few hours later, we were in the 
city. My new friends had brought the raft too, with its load. The king gave me
a splendid welcome, listened to my tale and said how glad he was I had scraped
through. Being curious to hear about life in my own land, he asked me to stay 
as his guest.
   'I've learned a lot from you,' he told me. 'The Caliph of Baghdad seems to 
be a wise ruler. I wish to send him a gift as a token of friendship and 
respect. I'd like you to take it to him when you return to your own city.'
   Not long after, a group of merchants engaged a ship to sail to Bassora. 
This was my chance. I went to the king and told him I wanted to leave. And 
with great courtesy, since I was to take his gift to the Caliph of Baghdad, he
paid all my travelling expenses.
   The moment I reached Baghdad, I called on the Caliph with the gift. He was 
amazed and wondered why an unknown king should be so generous. So I told him 
what had happened. I spent almost a whole week at the Caliph's court, for the 
ruler never tired of hearing me repeat my story. At long last, I was free to 
return home, and I carefully laid my treasure in my strong boxes. And this is 
the adventure of the sixth voyage," ended Sinbad the Sailor. The porter was 
handed his three gold coins and off he went. Back he came at sunrise next day,
and again Sinbad the Sailor began to recount.
   "As before, I craved to travel after a while. For a long time, we had fair 
winds. Then one day, a storm blew up, bringing driving rain, like nothing we 
had ever seen before. But this was not all, for a little later, the captain 
began to tear his hair in desperation as he cried:
   'Pray Allah if we're to be saved! This is the sea of the doomed, from which
there is no return.' Then he took a fistful of earth from a box, dampened it 
with seawater, sniffed it and went on to say:
   'Men, this is a strange part of the world we're in, with evil forces. We've
no hope of escape. We are close to the land where King Solomon is buried, and 
the home of huge deadly snakes. Ships here are swallowed by monster fish!' 
Hardly had the captain said these words than there was a terrible roar, like 
the sound of a thousand tempests. In a flash a giant fish rose from the deep 
and swam towards us. We had barely set eyes on this, when a second and then 
another even more gigantic fish broke the surface of the sea. All three 
splashed round and round us, then the biggest hurled itself at our ship, its 
jaws gaping wide to swallow us. At that very instant, a great wave heaved the 
ship into the air and threw it against the rocks. Everyone on board was 
knocked into the sea. Gasping for breath, I managed to grab a plank. Then I 
found I was alone, for all the others had drowned.
   'If I get out of here alive,' I cried, 'I swear to Allah that I'll never 
again leave Baghdad.' For two days and nights I floated in the sea, but on the
third day, my feet located dry land. I was on an island, and as I explored it,
I came to a river that reminded me of my previous voyage. Perhaps this river 
too would carry me to safety.
   Again I needed a raft, and set about finding suitable bits of wood. 
Luckily, I laid hands on some precious sandalwood, which is light and floats 
well. The raft was soon ready and I set off down the river. For two days, 
everything went smoothly, but on the third day, the current dragged me in the 
direction of a cave. Terror-stricken, I tried in vain to pole the raft to the 
bank, but the river carried me into the heart of the mountain. This time the 
tunnel was not very long, but a series of waterfalls boomed and echoed like 
thunder and I was battered and beaten by the rushing waters. At long last, 
after running the risk of being smashed to pieces against the rocks, the river
again flowed calmly and carried me along till I came to a city.
   By that time I was half dead from hunger and terror. An old man with a 
white beard took me home and gave me shelter. Some days later, he said to me.
   'Come with me, my son, to the market and sell your goods.' I could not 
understand what he meant. What goods? But I said nothing. Then I discovered 
that the sandalwood, of which the raft was made, was valuable in that country.
And so, I again became rich. The old man grew so fond of me he wanted me to 
marry his only daughter. I had no choice but to agree. In any case, his 
daughter was kind and beautiful, as well as rich. Time passed and the old man 
died. I inherited his worldly goods and also his position as chief of the 
merchants.
   But I quickly made an amazing discovery about some of the inhabitants of 
the city: on the first day of each month, certain men grew wings, rose into 
the air and flew far out of sight. The next day, they went back to everyday 
life.
   The first day of the next month, I approached one of the winged men and 
jumped on his back. Off we flew, higher and higher into the sky, almost 
touching the vaults of heaven, and I thought I heard the angels sing. Overcome
by emotion, I couldn't help calling out:
   'Praise and Glory be to Allah!' I had hardly said the last word when a 
giant tongue of fire leapt from the sky, just missing us by inches. We dived 
down to the peak of a high mountain and the winged man yelled at me in rage:
   'You spoiled everything, praising Allah while we were flying!'
   'I never dreamt that it would do any harm,' I replied. 'I'm very sorry. 
Please take me back to the city.' The man agreed, on condition that I made no 
mention of Allah while on his back. He took me straight home where my wife, 
worried at my absence, was delighted to see me. When I told her what had 
happened, she said:
   'You were naive. You mustn't go near these folk. They're brothers to the 
Devil and hate the name of Allah.'
   'What about your father?' I asked.
   'My father never had anything to do with them, and never did anything 
wrong. He wanted me to marry you so there would be no danger of my becoming 
the wife of a winged man. Why don't you sell everything and let's go together 
to Baghdad?' I took her advice and some months later, we came home. Here I saw
friends and relatives who had given up all hope of ever setting eyes on me 
again, and they gave us a great homecoming.
   Everyone was astonished to hear my story, but all were overjoyed when I 
swore that I had been on my last voyage. And this was also my last adventure,"
concluded the host.
   "Please excuse me for my complaints when I didn't know you and had no idea 
how much you had gone through to become rich," said Sinbad the Porter. Sinbad 
the Sailor hugged him and asked him to remain in his house as a guest. And 
from that day on, Sinbad the Sailor and Sinbad the Porter lived together as 
brothers.
                ALI BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES
   Once upon a time . . . in a distant Persian city lived two brothers called 
Ali Baba and Kasim. Ali Baba was terribly poor, and he lived with his wife in 
a mud hut. He picked up sticks in the woods and sold them in bundles at the 
market.
   Kasim, however, had a rich wife, and he lived in a big fine house and sold 
carpets. He became richer than ever. One day, as Ali Baba was gathering sticks
in a wood some way from the city he heard a band of horsemen gallop towards 
him. Scared that he might be in trouble for stealing wood, he scrambled up a 
tree and hid amongst the foliage, seconds before the men, armed to the teeth, 
rode underneath.
   They were robbers, no doubt about that. Ali could tell by their evil looks,
rough beards and bad language. But what made it perfectly clear to him was the
booty they unloaded from their horses, obviously plundered in a raid. Their 
leader was a grim wicked-looking man. Followed by his men, he strode towards 
a rocky mountain nearby. Throwing wide his arms suddenly shouted:
   "Open sesame!"   
   Ali Baba could hardly believe his eyes. For at the robber's words, the rock
face swung open to become the entrance to a deep, dark cave. The robbers 
trooped inside, dragging their sacks. Ali Baba was struck dumb by this 
amazing sight, and he crouched in his tree, without moving a muscle. He could
cahear the robbers' voices echo in the cave, then out they came. Again 
opening his arms, the leader exclaimed loudly:
   "Close sesame!" And the rock swung tightly shut, as they leapt onto their
horses and galloped away. Trembling with fear, Ali Baba climbed down the tree.
He had just had the biggest shock of his life. Hardly aware of what he was
doing, he muttered:
   "Open sesame," But the mountain stood still. Ali Baba said the words again,
but this time he shouted them. Suddenly, the rock began to move. Ali Baba lit
a flare and entered the cave. In front of his bulging eyes lay vast piles of
treasure: pots of silver gold, precious vases, weapons studded with rubbies
and emeralds, diadems, carved plates and carpets, all heaped together.
   The poveryt-striken stick-gatherer rubbed his eyes in disbelief. His hand
was shaking like a leaf, as he picked up a gold coin.
   "It's real!" he said in awe. Jabbering with excitement and stunned at the 
sight of such untold wealth, he told himself:
   "I'll take some coins. Nobody will ever know!" And he filled four bags 
full. The second he reached home, Ali Baba locked the door and emptied the
sacks in front of his astounded wife.
   "Count them," he ordered her triumphantly, before telling her what had 
happened. But there were far too many coins for these poor people to count.
   "We can't count them all. Run to my brother's house and ask him for a corn 
measure. We'll use that," said Ali Baba. When Kasim's wife heard this strange 
request, her curiosity was aroused.
   "][ wonder what they want to measure. It can't be corn, they're far too 
poor." And she quickly brushed a touch of tar across the bottom of the 
measuring pail. And when she got the pail back there was something stuck to it
- as the clever woman had known there would be. It was a gold coin.
   "A gold coin. Where did that come from? They're the poorest of the poor!" 
And she rushed off to tell her husband. Kasim was most annoyed.
   "How dare my brother have gold coins without telling me about it," he 
snapped. And off he marched to ask Ali Baba for an explanation. Ali Baba 
innocently told Kasim his strange story, but asked him to keep it a secret. Of
course, Kasim promised, but he quickly told his wife about it and ordered the 
servants to saddle ten sturdy mules for next morning.
   "I'll be richer than ever. Incredibly rich!" he said to himself as he went 
to bed. But he didn't sleep a wink for thinking of the treasure. It was still 
dark when Kasim and his mule train set out. When he reached the mountain, 
beyond the forest, he pronounced the magic words and entered the cave. With a 
beating heart, he crammed as much as he could into the saddle bags. But 
Kasim's greed led to his downfall, for the bags were so stuffed with treasure 
that they became too heavy to lift. Kasim realised, with a sinking feeling, 
that he would have to leave behind some of his precious burden. But it took 
him a long time, and he was still picking over what to keep and what to 
abandon, when . . . 
   . . . as fate would have it, the robber band returned. When they saw that 
the entrance to the cave was open, they rushed inside with drawn swords. 
Unlucky Kasim was quickly discovered and killed. And the robbers were so 
fierce that they chopped hlm into four and left the pieces at the entrance.
   "That will warn any other snooper of the end that awaits him!" shouted the 
leader.
   Kasim's wife waited in vain for two days, then in desperation, she ran to 
Ali Baba and told him where her husband had gone, asking for help. Ali Baba 
was dismayed.
   "He promised he would never . ." However, Ali Baba was fond of his brother,
so he saddled a mule and rode to the mountain. When he saw, to his horror, the
remains of Kasim, he broke down and wept. Then he plucked up enough courage to
wrap them in a rug, which he tied to the mule's back. But Kasim's wife, when 
she saw what had happened to her husband, died of a broken heart. Ali Baba and
his family went to live in Kasim's palace. There he met Morgantina, a clever 
young slave girl who had long been a servant in the palace. It was she who 
told Ali Baba that his brother's remains could be put together again before 
being buried. Mustapha, the cobbler, would do the job, for a good reward. 
   "I have to blindfold you," Morgantina told the cobbler, "so you can't see 
where you're going, then there won't be any gossip." The cobbler did his work 
well and was led, still blindfolded, back to his shop, with a bag of gold for 
his trouble.
   In the meantime, when the robber leader saw that the body had been removed,
he knew that someone else had found the treasure trove. Angry and alarmed, he 
ordered one of his men to sneak into the city and find out what he could. 
Well, by sheer chance, the spy had a hole in the sole of his boot and he went 
into the cbobblers. Mustapha was bursting to tell someone all about his luck...
   "...and they gave me a bag of gold for stitching the body together again."
   "If you take me to the place, I'll give you another bag of gold," said the
robber immediately. The robber nearly danced for joy. Then his heart sank. How
was he to find the house he had never seen.
   "I'll blindfold you again," said the robber, "then you take your time and
try to remember which way you went!" As it turned out the robber was lucky, for
Mustapha had an exxcelent sense of direction. What's more, he had counted his 
footsteps. So he counted them ahain.
   "...five hundred and ten, five hundred and eleven, five hundred and twelve.
Here!" The cobbler wrenched the cloth from his eyes and found himself in front
of Ali Baba's palace. The robber handed over the bag of gold and, unseen, drew
a red cross on the door. Then he hurried away to give his leader the news.
   Dusk fell and, as Morgantina was about to enter the palace, she noticed the
strange mark. Her suspicions aroused, she quickly drew red cross on all the 
other doors in the street. At dead of night the wicked band arrived to take 
revenge, but at the sight of all the red crosses, they stopped in their tracks.
Which was the right door? Morgantina had unknowingly saved her master from 
death, and the leader of the gang put his man to the sword for giving him a 
false lead. 
   "You fools. Can't you do anything properly? I'll go to the city myself." 
Disguised as a merchant, he went to Mustapha. Delighted at the idea of 
earning more money, the cobbler took the robber to Ali Baba's palace. And the 
wicked man fixed in his mind the exact place and street. Back in his hideout, 
he ordered two of his men to buy a cart and thirty nine giant jars. Now, after
the murder of the messenger, there were only thirty eight robbers left, and 
each one hid in a jar. The last jar was fi!led with oil, and loaded with the 
others onto the cart pulled by four horses. The robbers set off for the city. 
It was late when they reached the palace and Ali Baba himself caame out.
   "What can I da for you?" he said. 
   "I'm an oil merchant," replied the leader, "and I must be at market 
tomorrow. It's late an we're weary. Can you give us a bed for the night?"
Pleased at being able to help, Ali Baba, who  had known what it meant to be 
poor, warmly welcomed the merchant and his men and had the cart taken into the
courtyard. 
   After a good meal, the leader of the band went back to the courtyard. He 
said he was going to make sure than none of the jars had been damaged during 
the journey, but in fact, he warned his men to be ready, at a signal, to leap 
from the jars and kill everyone in the palace. As the household slept, 
Morgantina lingered in the kitchen to tidy up. Suddenly, she thought she would
have a sip of the merchant's oil to see if it was as tasty as her own. But 
when she lifted the lid from the first jar, to her horror, a gruff voice 
growled:
    "Is it time?"
   "No, not yet," muttered Morgantina hastily. At every jar, exactly the same 
thing happened, but the last one was filled with oil, which she dragged back 
into the kitchen. She then tipped the contents into a huge cauldron and heated
it over the fire. Then, taking a jugful of boiling oil, Morgantina poured it 
over the head of a robber. She then poured the oil over every one of the 
robbers and, in this way, wiped out the whole band. Then she hid in a corner. 
A little later, the leader of the robber band hurried into the courtyard to 
give the signal to attack. But when he raised the lids, he found to his terror
that every one of his men was dead. Horrified, he could not fathorn what trap 
he had fallen into. The robber fled into the night.
   Next morning, Morgantina told Ali Baba of her adventure.
   "I'll never be able to thank you enough!" exclaimed Ali Baba. "You are an
amazing girl. From this second you are no longer a slave, but a free member of
this household." The dead men were buried under cover of darkness, and Ali 
Baba was sure he had nothing more to fear. The leader of the robber band, 
however, had recovered from his shock and was eager for revenge. So he shaved 
off his beard, changed his looks and disguised himself as a carpet seller. At 
the market, he met Tabit, Ali Baba s son, who took a llklng to him.
   "Sooner or later this silly chap will invite me home," said the false 
carpet seller, "then I can murder them all."
   "That merchant has sold you some fine carpets very cheaply, remarked Ali 
Baba to his son. "Ask him to come to the house." When Morgantina saw the 
guest, she felt sure his face was familiar. Then she remembered. The carpet 
seller and the leader of the band were one and the same person. Without saying
a word, she went back to the kitchen, but later she asked All Baba if she 
might dance for the guest.
   "If you like," said Ali Baba. When coffee was served, Morgantina entered in
D a swirl ofF veils to the beat of her tambourine. In her right hand she held 
a knife. As she stopped dancing, she thrust the knife into the carpet seller's
heart.
   "He's one of the robbers!" she cried. "I know his face. He would have 
killed us all." Morgantina had once more saved their lives! Tabit hugged her, 
little knowing that his joy would soon turn to love and that they would marry.
Ali Baba was the only person left who knew the secret of the treasure. He made
wise use of it for many years, but he never told anyone the magic words that
would open the cave of the Forty Thieves.
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
           (313)558-5024 {14.4} (313)558-5517
              A BBS for text file junkies
              RPGNet GM File Archive Site
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
             The Adventure of the Abbey Grange
  It was on a bitterly cold night and frosty morning, towards the
end of the winter of '97, that I was awakened by a tugging at my
shoulder. It was Holmes. The candle in his hand shone upon his
eager, stooping face, and told me at a glance that something was
amiss.
  "Come, Watson, come!" he cried. "The game is afoot. Not a
word! Into your clothes and come!"
  Ten minutes later we were both in a cab, and rattling through the
silent streets on our way to Charing Cross Station. The first faint
winter's dawn was beginning to appear, and we could dimly see
the occasional figure of an early workman as he passed us, blurred
and indistinct in the opalescent London reek. Holmes nestled in
silence into his heavy coat, and I was glad to do the same, for
the air was most bitter, and neither of us had broken our fast.
  It was not until we had consumed some hot tea at the station
and taken our places in the Kentish train that we were suffi-
ciently thawed, he to speak and I to listen. Holmes drew a note
from his pocket, and read aloud:
                                "Abbey Grange, Marsham, Kent,
                                                     3:30 A.M.
    "MY DEAR MR. HOLMES:
     I should be very glad of your immediate assistance in
    what promises to be a most remarkable case. It is something
    quite in your line. Except for releasing the lady I will see
    that everything is kept exactly as I have found it, but I beg
    you not to lose an instant, as it is difficult to leave Sir
    Eustace there.
                                            "Yours faithfully,
                                            "STANLEY HOPKINS.
  "Hopkins has called me in seven times, and on each occasion
his summons has been entirely justified," said Holmes. ''I fancy
that every one of his cases has found its way into your collec-
tion, and I must admit, Watson, that you have some power of
selection, which atones for much which I deplore in your narra-
tives. Your fatal habit of looking at everything from the point of
view of a story instead of as a scientific exercise has ruined what
might have been an instructive and even classical series of
demonstrations. You slur over work of the utmost finesse and
delicacy, in order to dwell upon sensational details which may
excite, but cannot possibly instruct, the reader."
  "Why do you not write them yourself?" I said, with some
bitterness.
  "I will, my dear Watson, I will. At present I am, as you
know, fairly busy, but I propose to devote my declining years to
the composition of a textbook, which shall focus the whole art of
detection into one volume. Our present research appears to be a
case of murder."
  "You think this Sir Eustace is dead, then?"
  "I should say so. Hopkins's writing shows considerable agita-
tion, and he is not an emotional man. Yes, I gather there has
been violence, and that the body is left for our inspection. A
mere suicide would not have caused him to send for me. As to
the release of the lady, it would appear that she has been locked
in her room during the tragedy. We are moving in high life,
Watson, crackling paper, 'E. B.' monogram, coat-of-arms, pic-
turesque address. I think that friend Hopkins will live up to his
reputation, and that we shall have an interesting morning. The
crime was committed before twelve last night."
  "How can you possibly tell?"
  "By an inspection of the trains, and by reckoning the time.
The local police had to be called in, they had to communicate
with Scotland Yard, Hopkins had to go out, and he in turn had to
send for me. All that makes a fair night's work. Well, here we
are at Chiselhurst Station, and we shall soon set our doubts at
rest. "
  A drive of a couple of miles through narrow country lanes
brought us to a park gate, which was opened for us by an old
lodge-keeper, whose haggard face bore the reflection of some
great disaster. The avenue ran through a noble park, between
lines of ancient elms, and ended in a low, widespread house,
pillared in front after the fashion of Palladio. The central part
was evidently of a great age and shrouded in ivy, but the large
windows showed that modern changes had been carried out, and
one wing of the house appeared to be entirely new. The youthful
figure and alert, eager face of Inspector Stanley Hopkins con-
fronted us in the open doorway.
  "I'm very glad you have come, Mr. Holmes. And you, too,
Dr. Watson. But, indeed, if I had my time over again, I should
not have troubled you, for since the lady has come to herself,
she has given so clear an account of the affair that there is not
much left for us to do. You remember that Lewisham gang of
burglars?"
  "What, the three Randalls?"
  "Exactly; the father and two sons. It's their work. I have not a
doubt of it. They did a job at Sydenham a fortnight ago and were
seen and described. Rather cool to do another so soon and so
near, but it is they, beyond all doubt. It's a hanging matter this
time."
  "Sir Eustace is dead, then?"
  "Yes, his head was knocked in with his own poker."
  "Sir Eustace Brackenstall, the driver tells me."
  "Exactly -- one of the richest men in Kent -- Lady Brackenstall
is in the morning-room. Poor lady, she has had a most dreadful
experience. She seemed half dead when I saw her first. I think
you had best see her and hear her account of the facts. Then we
will examine the dining-room together."
  Lady Brackenstall was no ordinary person. Seldom have I
seen so graceful a figure, so womanly a presence, and so beauti-
ful a face. She was a blonde, golden-haired, blue-eyed, and
would no doubt have had the perfect complexion which goes
with such colouring, had not her recent experience left her drawn
and haggard. Her sufferings were physical as well as mental, for
over one eye rose a hideous, plum-coloured swelling, which her
maid, a tall, austere woman, was bathing assiduously with vine-
gar and water. The lady lay back exhausted upon a couch, but
her quick, observant gaze, as we entered the room, and the alert
expression of her beautiful features, showed that neither her wits
nor her courage had been shaken by her terrible experience. She
was enveloped in a loose dressing-gown of blue and silver, but a
black sequin-covered dinner-dress lay upon the couch beside her.
  "I have told you all that happened, Mr. Hopkins," she said,
wearily. "Could you not repeat it for me? Well, if you think it
necessary, I will tell these gentlemen what occurTed. Have they
been in the dining-room yet?"
  "I thought they had better hear your ladyship's story first."
  "I shall be glad when you can arrange matters. It is horrible to
me to think of him still lying there." She shuddered and buried
her face in her hands. As she did so, the loose gown fell back
from her forearms. Holmes uttered an exclamation.
  "You have other injuries, madam! What is this?" Two vivid
red spots stood out on one of the white, round limbs. She hastily
covered it.
  "It is nothing. It has no connection with this hideous business
to-night. If you and your friend will sit down, I will tell you all I
can.
  "I am the wife of Sir Eustace Brackenstall. I have been
married about a year. I suppose that it is no use my attempting to
conceal that our marriage has not been a happy one. I fear that
all our neighbours would tell you that, even if I were to attempt
to deny it. Perhaps the fault may be partly mine. I was brought
up in the freer, less conventional atmosphere of South Australia,
and this English life, with its proprieties and its primness, is not
congenial to me. But the main reason lies in the one fact, which
is notorious to everyone, and that is that Sir Eustace was a
confirmed drunkard. To be with such a man for an hour is
unpleasant. Can you imagine what it means for a sensitive and
high-spirited woman to be tied to him for day and night? It is a
sacrilege, a crime, a villainy to hold that such a marriage is
binding. I say that these monstrous laws of yours will bring a
curse upon the land -- God will not let such wickedness endure."
For an instant she sat up, her cheeks flushed, and her eyes
blazing from under the terrible mark upon her brow. Then the
strong, soothing hand of the austere maid drew her head down
on to the cushion, and the wild anger died away into passionate
sobbing. At last she continued:
  "I will tell you about last night. You are aware, perhaps, that
in this house all the servants sleep in the modern wing. This
central block is made up of the dwelling-rooms, with the kitchen
behind and our bedroom above. My maid, Theresa, sleeps above
my room. There is no one else, and no sound could alarm those
who are in the farther wing. This must have been well known to
the robbers, or they would not have acted as they did.
  "Sir Eustace retired about half-past ten. The servants had
already gone to their quarters. Only my maid was up, and she
had remained in her room at the top of the house until I needed
her services. I sat until after eleven in this room, absorbed in a
book. Then I walked round to see that all was right before I went
upstairs. It was my custom to do this myself, for, as I have
explained, Sir Eustace was not always to be trusted. I went into
the kitchen, the butler's pantry, the gun-room, the billiard-room,
the drawing-room, and finally the dining-room. As I approached the
window, which is covered with thick curtains, I suddenly felt
the wind blow upon my face and realized that it was open. I
flung the curtain aside and found myself face to face with a
broad-shouldered elderly man, who had just stepped into the
room. The window is a long French one, which really forms a
door leading to the lawn. I held my bedroom candle lit in my
hand, and, by its light, behind the first man I saw two others,
who were in the act of entering. I stepped back, but the fellow
was on me in an instant. He caught me first by the wrist and then
by the throat. I opened my mouth to scream, but he struck me a
savage blow with his fist over the eye, and felled me to the
ground. I must have been unconscious for a few minutes, for
when I came to myself, I found that they had torn down the
bell-rope, and had secured me tightly to the oaken chair which
stands at the head of the dining-table. I was so firmly bound that
I could not move, and a handkerchief round my mouth prevented
me from uttering a sound. It was at this instant that my unfortu-
nate husband entered the room. He had evidently heard some
suspicious sounds, and he came prepared for such a scene as he
found. He was dressed in nightshirt and trousers, with his fa-
vourite blackthorn cudgel in his hand. He rushed at the burglars,
but another -- it was an elderly man -- stooped, picked the poker
out of the grate and struck him a horrible blow as he passed. He
fell with a groan and never moved again. I fainted once more,
but again it could only have been for a very few minutes during
which I was insensible. When I opened my eyes I found that
they had collected the silver from the sideboard, and they had
drawn a bottle of wine which stood there. Each of them had a
glass in his hand. I have already told you, have I not, that one
was elderly, with a beard, and the others young, hairless lads.
They might have been a father with his two sons. They talked
together in whispers. Then they came over and made sure that I
was securely bound. Finally they withdrew, closing the window
after them. It was quite a quarter of an hour before I got my
mouth free. When I did so, my sceams brought the maid to my
assistance. The other servants were soon alarmed, and we sent
for the local police, who instantly communicated with London.
That is really all that I can tell you, gentlemen, and I trust that it
will not be necessary for me to go over so painful a story
again."
  "Any questions, Mr. Holmes?" asked Hopkins.
  "I will not impose any further tax upon Lady Brackenstall's
patience and time," said Holmes. "Before I go into the dining-
room, I should like to hear your experience." He looked at the
maid.
  "I saw the men before ever they came into the house," said
she. "As I sat by my bedroom window I saw three men in the
moonlight down by the lodge gate yonder, but I thought nothing
of it at the time. It was more than an hour after that I heard my
mistress scream and down I ran, to find her, poor lamb, just as
she says, and him on the floor, with his blood and brains over
the room. It was enough to drive a woman out of her wits, tied
there, and her very dress spotted with him, but she never wanted
courage, did Miss Mary Fraser of Adelaide, and Lady Brack-
enstall of Abbey Grange hasn't learned new ways. You've ques-
tioned her long enough, you gentlemen, and now she is coming
to her own room, just with her old Theresa, to get the rest that
she badly needs."
  With a motherly tenderness the gaunt woman put her arm
round her mistress and led her from the room.
  "She has been with her all her life," said Hopkins. "Nursed
her as a baby, and came with her to England when they first left
Australia, eighteen months ago. Theresa Wright is her name, and
the kind of maid you don't pick up nowadays. This way, Mr.
Holmes, if you please!"
  The keen interest had passed out of Holmes's expressive face,
and I knew that with the mystery all the charm of the case had
departed. There still remained an arrest to be effected, but what
were these commonplace rogues that he should soil his hands
with them? An abstruse and learned specialist who finds that he
has been called in for a case of measles would experience
something of the annoyance which I read in my friend's eyes.
Yet the scene in the dining-room of the Abbey Grange was
sufficiently strange to arrest his attention and to recall his waning
interest.
  It was a very large and high chamber, with carved oak ceiling,
oaken panelling, and a fine array of deer's heads and ancient
weapons around the walls. At the further end from the door was
the high French window of which we had heard. Three smaller
windows on the right-hand side filled the apartment with cold
winter sunshine. On the left was a large, deep fireplace, with a
massive, overhanging oak mantelpiece. Beside the fireplace was
a heavy oaken chair with arms and crossbars at the bottom. In
and out through the open woodwork was woven a crimson cord
which was secured at each side to the crosspiece below. In
releasing the lady, the cord had been slipped off her, but the
knots with which it had been secured still remained. These
details only struck our attention afterwards, for our thoughts
were entirely absorbed by the terrible object which lay upon the
tigerskin hearthrug in front of the fire.
  It was the body of a tall, well-made man, about forty years of
age. He lay upon his back, his face upturned, with his white
teeth grinning through his short, black beard. His two clenched
hands were raised above his head, and a heavy, blackthorn stick
lay across them. His dark, handsome, aquiline features were
convulsed into a spasm of vindictive hatred, which had set his
dead face in a terribly fiendish expression. He had evidently
been in his bed when the alarm had broken out, for he wore a
foppish, embroidered nightshirt, and his bare feet projected from
his trousers. His head was horribly injured, and the whole room
bore witness to the savage ferocity of the blow which had struck
him down. Beside him lay the heavy poker, bent into a curve by
the concussion. Holmes examined both it and the indescribable
wreck which it had wrought.
  "He must be a powerful man, this elder Randall," he remarked.
  "Yes," said Hopkins. "I have some record of the fellow, and
he is a rough customer."
  "You should have no difficulty in getting him."
  "Not the slightest. We have been on the look-out for him, and
there was some idea that he had got away to America. Now that
we know that the gang are here, I don't see how they can escape.
We have the news at every seaport already, and a reward will be
offered before evening. What beats me is how they could have
done so mad a thing, knowing that the lady could describe them
and that we could not fail to recognize the description."
  "Exactly. One would have expected that they would silence
Lady Brackenstall as well."
  "They may not have realized," I suggested, "that she had
recovered from her faint."
  "That is likely enough. If she seemed to be senseless, they
would not take her life. What about this poor fellow, Hopkins? I
seem to have heard some queer stories about him."
  " He was a good-hearted man when he was sober, but a
perfect fiend when he was drunk, or rather when he was half
drunk, for he seldom really went the whole way. The devil
seemed to be in him at such times, and he was capable of
anything. From what I hear, in spite of all his wealth and his
title, he very nearly came our way once or twice. There was a
scandal about his drenching a dog with petroleum and setting it
on fire -- her ladyship's dog, to make the matter worse -- and that
was only hushed up with difficulty. Then he threw a decanter at
that maid, Theresa Wright -- there was trouble about that. On the
whole, and between ourselves, it will be a brighter house without
him. What are you looking at now?"
  Holmes was down on his knees, examining with great atten-
tion the knots upon the red cord with which the lady had been
secured. Then he carefully scrutinized the broken and frayed end
where it had snapped off when the burglar had dragged it down.
  "When this was pulled down, the bell in the kitchen must
have rung loudly," he remarked.
  "No one could hear it. The kitchen stands right at the back of
the house."
  "How did the burglar know no one would hear it? How dared
he pull at a bellrope in that reckless fashion?"
  "Exactly, Mr. Holmes, exactly. You put the very question
which I have asked myself again and again. There can be no
doubt that this fellow must have known the house and its habits.
He must have perfectly understood that the servants would all be
in bed at that comparatively early hour, and that no one could
possibly hear a bell ring in the kitchen. Therefore, he must have
been in close league with one of the servants. Surely that is
evident. But there are eight servants, and all of good character."
  "Other things being equal," said Holmes, "one would sus-
pect the one at whose head the master threw a decanter. And yet
that would involve treachery towards the mistress to whom this
woman seems devoted. Well, well, the point is a minor one, and
when you have Randall you will probably find no difficulty in
securing his accomplice. The lady's story certainly seems to be
corroborated, if it needed corroboration, by every detail which
we see before us." He walked to the French window and threw
it open. "There are no signs here, but the ground is iron hard,
and one would not expect them. I see that these candles in the
mantelpiece have been lighted."
  "Yes, it was by their light, and that of the lady's bedroom
candle, that the burglars saw their way about."
  "And what did they take?"
  "Well, they did not take much -- only half a dozen articles of
plate off the sideboard. Lady Brackenstall thinks that they were
themselves so disturbed by the death of Sir Eustace that they did
not ransack the house, as they would otherwise have done."
  "No doubt that is true, and yet they drank some wine, I
understand."
  "To steady their nerves."
  "Exactly. These three glasses upon the sideboard have been
untouched, I suppose?"
  "Yes, and the bottle stands as they left it."
  "Let us look at it. Halloa, halloa! What is this?"
  The three glasses were grouped together, all of them tinged
with wine, and one of them containing some dregs of beeswing.
The bottle stood near them, two-thirds full, and beside it lay a
long, deeply stained cork. Its appearance and the dust upon the
bottle showed that it was no common vintage which the murder-
ers had enjoyed.
  A change had come over Holmes's manner. He had lost his
listless expression, and again I saw an alert light of interest in
his keen, deep-set eyes. He raised the cork and examined it
minutely.
  "How did they draw it?" he asked.
  Hopkins pointed to a half-opened drawer. In it lay some table
linen and a large corkscrew.
  "Did Lady Brackenstall say that screw was used?"
  "No, you remember that she was senseless at the moment
when the bottle was opened."
  "Quite so. As a matter of fact, that screw was not used. This
bottle was opened by a pocket screw, probably contained in a
knife, and not more than an inch and a half long. If you will
examine the top of the cork, you will observe that the screw was
driven in three times before the cork was extracted. It has never
been transfixed. This long screw would have transfixed it and
drawn it up with a single pull. When you catch this fellow, you
will find that he has one of these multiplex knives in his
