stuff running at all!"
     Ernie moaned. He didn't like the sound of that FATAL ERROR
business.
     "One thing bothers me, though," the Captain continued,
watching the military vehicles go by. "These Nazis. They're showing
up way too often. They may be somehow picking up our trail."
     "You mean Waldo Stadium knows where we are?" Ernie cried
anxiously. "He's zeroing in on us?"
     "Could be," said the Captain thoughtfully. "It doesn't seem
like they know exactly where we are, but it does seem like they
know we're around here somewhere. I wonder how they know that?"
     Ernie sighed again. He would have to remember not to ask for
explanations anymore. They just made things worse.
     After a few minutes, the last of the military vehicles passed,
taking with it the last of the huge cloud of dust. Ernie coughed.
He and the others were all covered with a thick layer of dirt. He
looked at himself. All the sparkle was gone from his toreador suit.
     Sterno shook himself vigorously, sending dust flying in all
directions. "Hey, watch it!" the Fly complained. "That stuff gets
in my eyes, you know?"
     Ernie looked at Captain Memory. "How come you're not covered
with dirt?" he demanded.
     "Oh, it's the suit," Captain Memory explained, fingering his
comic-book-character outfit. "It's got that dirt-repelling stuff;
you know, the kind you put in the dryer?"
     Ernie examined his toreador outfit. On the inside he found a
small tag. Just my luck, Ernie thought. `Dry Clean Only'.
     They made their way back on to the road, and continued in the
same direction they had been heading before the convoy went by. A
light breeze sprang up, and carried away the worst of the dust.
     After walking for a few minutes, Ernie noticed a house in the
distance. As they approached, Ernie could see that it was an
elaborate Victorian cottage, covered with gingerbread-style
ornamentation. "Hey, let's stop in!" the Fly suggested. "Maybe we
can get a drink of water. All this dust is really buggin' me!"
     "Oh, it's `bugging' you?" asked Sterno maliciously.
     "Yeah!" the Fly answered ingenuously.
     Sterno shrugged. There was no point in sniping at people who
were too dense to understand it.
     As they neared the cottage, Ernie noticed that it was
surrounded by a white picket fence. However, a large section of the
fence had been knocked over. The lawn seemed to be all chewed up,
as though by the treads of a tank. Heading up the front walk, Ernie
noticed the door was broken off it's hinges. 
     As they climbed the porch, Ernie noticed that the gingerbread
on the cottage was - actual gingerbread, the edible kind. Ernie
broke off a piece and sniffed it. It seemed fresh. He took a bite.
Very tasty, he thought. He suddenly realized that he hadn't had
anything to eat for a really long time. The shutters looked
interesting - they had frosting and raisins.
     "Oh wow, what happened here?" Ernie heard the Fly ask. He
looked through the door. Inside were obvious signs of a struggle.
The quaint, German-style furniture was scattered about. The walls
were pockmarked with bullet holes. On one side of the room was a
large, cast-iron stove. Next to the stove stood a large cage, with
its door open. The stove was red-hot, and a bad smell came from it.
     Captain Memory considered the scene, and regarded the tank
tracks and bullet holes. "Looks like whoever was here got arrested
by the Nazis," he commented.
     Ernie thought about this. Hansel and Gretel arrested by the
Nazis? But then again, `Hansel and Gretel' is a German story, isn't
it? In that case, Ernie decided, it's none of my business. I won't
worry about it. Instead, he decided to look for something else to
eat.
     Ernie found an old-fashioned icebox, which seemed to be full
of pies, cakes, and other goodies. There didn't seem to be anything
by way of regular, wholesome food, though. Oh well, thought Ernie,
cutting into a Bavarian Black Forest Torte, I guess I'll just have
to rough it.
     Sterno was helping himself to an eclair. "Very nice," he
commented. "Would you mind handing me a piece of that double-
chocolate rum cheesecake?"
     "Hey, this is good stuff!" the Fly added, vacuuming up a dish
of frosted ginger snaps through his long snout.
     Ernie stopped. "Hey, how do we know this stuff is okay? I
mean, maybe this is an alien trap, or something. Maybe this stuff
is poisoned!"
     Sterno sniffed disgustedly. "We can always count on you to say
something utterly inappropriate at the table, can't we? Comments
like that can ruin everyone's appetite. The first decent thing
we've had to eat on this entire ridiculous escapade, and you have
to go and spoil it!"
     Ernie was upset. "Well, okay, maybe you're right. That's not
dinner-table conversation. But still, how do we know?"
     Sterno sighed. "The problem with you is that you have no sense
of smell. I, for one, would have known if there was anything wrong
with these delectable little morsels."
     Ernie relaxed. "So, this place isn't an alien trap, or
anything?" he asked Captain Memory.
     "Oh no, it's a trap alright," the Captain said unconcernedly,
helping himself to a dish of something with custard and cherries in
     "WHAT?!"
     "But the food's okay," the Captain continued. "So we might as
well have some, don't you think?" He helped himself to a coconut
cream pie.
     Ernie suddenly felt very anxious. "So, uh, where's the trap,
then?"
     "Oh, I don't know," the Captain went on. "We'll find it,
though. We always do." He looked at Ernie's plate. "Say, are you
gonna eat that Black Forest Torte? If you don't want it, I'll take
it!"
     Ernie seemed to have lost his appetite. "Uh, here. Take it."
He handed the dish to Captain Memory. Ernie's stomach was beginning
to feel queasy again. Stress, he thought. It's not good for me. I'm
gonna get an ulcer. I just know it.
     Ernie noticed an open door in the back of the cottage. It
seemed to lead to a bathroom. Maybe I can get cleaned up, Ernie
thought. The dust was beginning to make him itch.
     Inside the door, Ernie found a nicely-appointed modern
bathroom, complete with soap and fresh towels. I'll bet I have time
for a quick shower, he thought. He turned on the shower and let the
water run for a bit. Nice and warm, he thought. Not too hot. Seems
okay. He took off his toreador suit, shaking the dust off each
piece in turn, and got in the shower.
     Ernie let the warn water run over him. Well, this is much
better, he thought, relaxing. There was a bottle of shampoo on the
tub shelf. He picked it up and examined it. "Placental Protein
Shampoo". Oh. That was the same kind of shampoo he used at home.
Maybe it would get the dust out of his hair. 
     "Watch ouph phrm trmp..." What? Was somebody talking to him?
Ernie couldn't hear over the sound of the shower. He stuck his head
out. "Did you say something?" he called towards the others.
     "Yes," answered Captain Memory. "I said: `Watch out for the
trap!'"
     "WHAT?!" Ernie leaped out of the shower. He was about to run
into the next room, when suddenly it occurred to him that he was
stark naked and dripping wet. He decided to take a moment to grab
a towel and wrap it around himself; he wasn't prepared to face the
ridicule he would have gotten otherwise. "What trap!? Where's the
trap?!"
      "You're holding it," Captain Memory gestured at Ernie.
     "The TOWEL?!" Ernie almost flung it away, but decided against
     "No, your other hand!" Ernie looked at his left hand. He was
still unconsciously clutching the bottle of shampoo. "This? This
bottle of shampoo?" Ernie examined it. "What is it, a bomb or
something?"
     "No, it's a bottle of shampoo," Captain Memory agreed.
     "So what's the big deal?" Ernie felt a little foolish getting
all upset over a bottle of shampoo.
     "What kind of shampoo is it?" Captain Memory prompted.
     "Placental Protein Shampoo? What's wrong with that?"
     "Do you know what a placenta is?"
     "Yeah. It's the thing that feeds an embryo in the womb." Ernie
had gotten an `A' in biology, and was proud of it.
     "Ever wonder what proteins from embryos are doing in your
shampoo?"
     "Uh, now that you mention it, that does seem a little
strange," Ernie admitted.
     "Ever wonder `proteins from embryos of WHAT'?" the Captain
prodded. "Or, `what KIND of proteins'?"
     "I don't like the sound of this," Ernie said quietly.
     Captain Memory went on. "DNA is a protein, you know."
     Ernie thought a moment. "You mean, DNA, like in genetic
material, like `basic building blocks of life', the stuff that
determines what every kind of life form is going to be?"
     "That's right," the Captain agreed. "Now, what do you suppose
would happen to you if you rubbed alien DNA from unborn space
creatures onto your scalp, where it could seep right down into your
brain?"
     Ernie looked at the bottle of shampoo uneasily. "You mean, it
could, like, take over your brain?"
     "Could be," Captain Memory agreed. "However, it doesn't work
all at once. It has to seep in little by little. The more you wash
your hair, the worse it gets."
     Ernie was suddenly glad he didn't wash his hair too often. He
thought for a moment. "So, people who wash their hair a lot would
get it the worst, right?"
     "You got it," Captain Memory assented cheerfully.
     Ernie considered the problem. "So, who washes their hair the
most?"
     "Pretty girls!" the Fly chimed in. "They wash their hair every
day, sometimes more than once. I know, 'cause every time I ask one
out one, she says `I can't go today, I gotta wash my hair'!"
     "That's true," Ernie admitted. He thought a moment.
 "Wait a minute! We have this stuff at home. In fact, my girlfriend
uses it!"
     The Captain considered this. "Noticed any changes in her
recently?"
     "Well, she has been kind of...cold," Ernie conceded. "And, now
that you mention it, I have noticed her skin getting kind of scaly,
but I thought it was just the heartbreak of psoriasis. I tried to
say something about it, but she hissed at me!"
     "Mmm hmm," Captain Memory agreed.
     "Y'know, I noticed that a lot too," the Fly added. "I'm real
observant, and I noticed that an awful lot of pretty girls nowadays
have forked tongues!"
     Ernie frowned. He had noticed something odd about his
girlfriend's tongue, but he hadn't wanted to mention it. He didn't
want to get hissed at again.
     "They also have real sharp teeth," the Fly continued. "And
slit pupils in their eyes. I don't think that's normal, do you?"
     All of this was making Ernie very unhappy. "You mean, aliens
are trying to take over the Earth?" he asked.
     "I wouldn't doubt it," Captain Memory answered cheerfully.
     "Well, what are we going to do about it?!" cried Ernie.
     "Oh, you don't need to worry about it," said the Captain
reassuringly.
     "Why not?" asked Ernie suspiciously.
     "It's just a game anyway, right?" The Captain gave Ernie a
cheery smile, and helped himself to a piece of lemon meringue pie.
     "There is one thing you could do," Sterno added.
     "What?!" asked Ernie desperately.
     "You could put some clothes on," Sterno said, looking ruefully
at the peach frappe' on his plate. "The sight of all that naked
skin is rather spoiling my appetite."
       "Oh, all right!" Ernie snapped, stomping off to the
bathroom.
     Sterno sighed. "Some people are so sensitive!" he commented,
reaching for a large Cherries Jubilee.
     Ernie was somewhat placated to find that the luster had
returned to his toreador suit. The only thing worse than having to
go around in a toreador outfit was having to go around in a DIRTY
toreador outfit. He returned to the main room.
     The Fly was eating what seemed to be large cookies of some
kind. "Hey, these are good gingerbread men!" he remarked, offering
one to Ernie.
     Ernie examined the cookie. "It's not a man," he said
thoughtfully. "It looks like a gingerbread...reptile."
     The Fly looked at the cookies. "Yeah, you're right." He
vacuumed another one up through his snout. "They're good, though."
     Ernie looked at the cookie ruefully. "I don't know if I want
to eat a reptile."
     "Might as well," Captain Memory volunteered. "It wouldn't
hesitate to eat you!"
     Ernie put the cookie down quickly. He seemed to have lost his
appetite again.
     Ernie heard footsteps approaching the house. A man in a post
office uniform, carrying a bag of mail, was coming up the walk.
     "Howdy!" the mailman said cheerfully. "Nice day, isn't it?"
     "Uh, yeah." Ernie thought he should be the one to answer,
since everyone else had their mouths full.
     The mailman chatted on cheerily. "Had a few Nazis a mite
earlier, but it looks like it cleared up!" He looked through his
mail. "Is there a `Mr. Ernest Ross' here?"
     "Uh, that's me," Ernie answered unenthusiastically.
     "Here you go!" The mailman handed Ernie a letter. "Have a nice
day!" He left.
     Ernie opened the letter and read:
"Dear Mr. Ross,
     We are still awaiting payment on your unpaid balance of
$195,412,771,213,312,032.29. This account is now two billion years
and two days overdue. Do not force us to turn this matter over to
a collection agency. Don't let a little matter like this ruin your
credit rating. You don't want the shame of having your name dragged
through the mud, do you? You will never be allowed to buy anything
on credit ever again. People on the street will point at you and
jeer. Your entire family will be ostracized from decent society.
Your dog will turn upon you. Your aged parents will be thrown out
of their home, your children will be spat upon, even your
childrens' children, yea, unto the seventh generation!
     Save yourself from embarrassment and inconvenience by paying
this balance now! Use the enclosed envelope for your remittance."
Ernie looked between the pages. There was no enclosed envelope. He
read on.
"Sincerely,
First National Bank of the West
P.S. If you are experiencing financial difficulties at the moment,
please contact one of our representatives to work out a payment
plan. As little as a trillion dollars a month could satisfactorily
take care of this account. Thank you!"
     Ernie sighed. "Isn't there anywhere you can go to get away
from junk mail?"
     "I doubt it," answered Captain Memory, cutting himself a big
slice of pineapple upside-down cake.
     Ernie sighed, and sat down on the nearest piece of furniture,
which happened to be a child's rocking chair which was a bit too
small for him. Ernie noticed, while squeezing himself into it, that
the arms were scraping some of the sequins off his suit. Looking
down, he noticed that sequins had been falling off his suit all
along, leaving a sparkly trail as he walked. Oh great, he thought.
Now, on top of everything else, my suit is shedding.
     Captain Memory looked at his bare wrist. "I guess it must be
just about time for the Eggplant Uprising," he commented.
     "The what?" Ernie was confused, as usual.
     "Oh, come on!" The Captain was annoyed. "Don't you pay
attention to anything I tell you? You know, the Revolt of the
Vegetables, the Purple Menace; remember, when they nuked us back to
the Stone Age?"
     "Oh, sure," Ernie remembered being nuked well enough. He had
some vague recollection of the other stuff, too. He decided to
pretend he remembered the rest of it as well, since he was tired of
being picked on for not paying attention. "So, uh, what about it?"
     "Well, anyway," the Captain went on. "After the Great Traffic
Jam..."
     "The what?!" Ernie broke in involuntarily.
     "Oh, you're right," said the Captain, slightly abashed. "I
didn't tell you about that. The Great Traffic Jam took place
because of this problem they had due to chronic over-production of
cars. You see, they just kept building all these cars, and people
kept buying them, just for the heck of it, even though they didn't
have anyplace to go in them. Well, of course, it had to happen: one
particularly nice summer day everybody decided to go for a drive
all at the same time. They wound up bumper-to-bumper, coast-to-
coast. The entire country was tied up in total gridlock. People
didn't know what to do; they didn't know how to get around without
their cars anymore. It was terrible; there was mass starvation.
Thousands died; vultures picked their bones through their
convertible tops. Well, I'm sure you can see that under
circumstances like these, people were in no mood for a practical
joke!"
     "Uh, right!" Ernie thought he'd just agree, and maybe the
Captain would go on with the story without noticing that Ernie
wasn't following the story at all.
     Ernie was lucky. The Captain continued: "Well, you can imagine
how people felt when rumors began to fly about certain species of
giant plants that had escaped from the atomic testing laboratories
and had grown to enormous size by feasting on human flesh. And how
these plants were determined to get revenge on the entire animal
kingdom for the millions of years of abuse they and their plant
brothers had had to put up with at the hands (and paws, and
muzzles, and so on) of non-vegetable life forms."
     Ernie furled his brow. "Does that have anything to do with the
Vegetable Rights Movement?"
     "You got it!" agreed Captain Memory. 
     Ernie felt a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. In
spite of himself, he WAS beginning to remember all this! He didn't
WANT to remember it, because if he remembered it, that meant....
Ernie didn't want to think about what that meant.
     "Anyway," the Captain continued. "They were going to organize
all the vegetables, stage a massive uprising, and eliminate all
animal life for ever! On top of all this, these plants were
invulnerable to conventional weapons, and could only be destroyed
by the atomic fires that had created them!
     "Small wonder, then, that general panic broke out when
something very large and very purple raised it's leafy head over
the city of Chicago." Captain Memory chuckled.
     "Oh, wow!" said Ernie. This was really creepy. It was a lot
like telling ghost stories around the campfire at camp. "So, it was
a giant, man-eating eggplant?"
     "Don't be silly! How could there be a such a thing as a giant,
man-eating eggplant?" Captain Memory was amused. "No, it was just
practical joke. It was that zany Andreas Labyrinth and his band of
merry pranksters, up to their little games again." Captain Memory
chortled. "I still remember that phony Russian invasion. That was
really a riot! Or how about that bogus epidemic! That had everybody
in stitches!"
     Something about that explanation didn't seem quite right to
Ernie, but he wasn't in the mood to try to figure out what it was.
He wanted to hear the rest of Captain Memory's story. "So then what
happened, uh, will happen, uh...so, what about the Eggplant?"
     "Well, as I was saying," Captain Memory always enjoyed telling
stories. "It wasn't really a giant Eggplant, it was really just a
big purple balloon. But it looked a lot like a giant eggplant, you
know, big scary face painted on it and all. I suppose, in saner
times, people might have questioned the whole thing a little more
closely. After all, there wasn't really any proof that it was a
giant eggplant. It could have been a giant grape. No reason to nuke
a giant grape, is there?"
     "I guess not." Ernie supposed he might as well agree, since he
couldn't think of any reason on Earth to nuke a giant grape.
     "But, people just didn't stop and think," the Captain went on.
"They just went ahead and dropped the bomb. And when they found
out, boy, were they mad!" Captain Memory chuckled. "Of course, it
isn't really funny if it doesn't make somebody mad, is it? That's
what practical jokes are all about!"
     Captain Memory paused. "But, anyway, all of this should be
taking place just about" he looked at his bare wrist, "Now!" A
sound like that of distant thunder shook the house.
     Ernie looked out the window. "Chicago?" he asked.
     "Yup!" answered the Captain. "There it goes!"
     Ernie thought a moment. "Did they nuke Chicago twice?"
     "Why would they want to do something like that?" Captain
Memory wondered. "Once you nuke it, it stays nuked!"
     "Well, in that case," Ernie pondered. "How could we be in
Chicago just before it got nuked, before, when we're here just
before it got nuked, now?"   
     Captain Memory frowned. "That is confusing, isn't it? I've
never quite figured that out." The Captain didn't seem overly upset
about the problem.
     Ernie decided that it probably wouldn't be good for him to
think about that problem anymore. He decided to think about
something else.
     "So, what ever happened to that practical joker, that Andreas
Whats-His-Name?" he asked.
     As if in answer to this question, a figure burst through the
door. It was an older man, with a wild white beard and hair. His
clothes were in tatters, and he was covered with splotches of egg,
rotten tomatoes, and other things too disgusting to think about.
"Hide me, hide me!" he implored. "They're after me! They'll tear me
to pieces! It was just a joke! I didn't know they'd take it
seriously! It was just a practical joke!"
     "Well..."Ernie began.
     Suddenly, the man seemed to see Ernie clearly for the first
time. "A BULLFIGHTER!" He looked at Captain Memory. "A comic-book
character!" He looked at the Fly. "A GIANT FLY!"
     "What IS your problem?" Sterno demanded.
     "A TALKING DOG!" the man shrieked. "You're all worse than me!
I've got to get out of here! They'll tear you all to pieces!" With
that, the man threw himself through the nearest window, which,
luckily, had been glazed with large panes of sugar instead of
glass. He sprinted towards a group of trees behind the house, and
disappeared into a large hole beneath one of them. Ernie thought he
saw a large white rabbit with a watch disappear into the hole as
well, but he wasn't sure.
     Captain Memory looked at his bare wrist. "I'd really like to
get a watch," he commented. "It doesn't have to be anything fancy.
A Timex would be okay."
     The Fly was looking out the door. "Uh oh," he said ominously.
"Here they come!"
     "Here WHO comes?" Ernie demanded anxiously.
     "The angry villagers!" the Fly said unhappily. "You know, with
the torches and the rocks and everything? You don't want to mess
with the angry villagers, man. They're mean!" They Fly shuddered.
He seemed to have had some kind of bad experience with them in the
past.
     "Uh, maybe we ought to get out of here?" Ernie suggested.
     "I haven't finished my strawberry mousse!" Sterno said
petulantly.
     "Oh man, I don't know what we're gonna do," said the Fly
miserably. "They're closing in on us from all sides!"
     Ernie peered through the broken window. He could see the smoke
from their torches in the distance. It occurred to him that perhaps
they should barricade the door, or something. Unfortunately, the
door had already been broken off its hinges by the Nazis. Ernie put
it upright in the doorframe as best he could, and shoved a small
rocking chair up against it to hold it.
     "I don't think that's gonna stop anybody," the Fly said
glumly. 
     Ernie could hear angry shouts. The villagers were approaching
fast. "I think we better do something!" Ernie urged Captain Memory.
     "Oh yeah?" Captain Memory looked up unconcernedly. "Like
what?"
     With a crash, a rock came sailing through on of the unbroken
windows. The angry shouts were quite close now. Ernie couldn't
understand them, though. They seemed to be in German.
     A burning torch came sailing through an open window. Another
landed just outside the door. Thick black smoke began to fill the
air.
     "Ew, burning sugar!" complained Sterno. "How rank!"
     The Fly peeked out a window. "Oh man, those angry villagers!
They're bad news!"
     "Hey, this place is burning up!" Ernie urged Captain Memory.
"We've got to DO something!"
     Captain Memory made a wry face. "Well, I guess there's no
point in hanging around HERE anymore!" He thought a moment. "Let's
try 011F 0D 0001!" The scene vanished.
                    *              *              *
     Blinking, Ernie found himself once again in an entirely
different place. He staggered, and his stomach flip-flopped. "Oh,
man", he moaned. "I don't know if I can take these sudden changes
of scene anymore."
     "Oh," Captain Memory seemed surprised. "Would you rather be
back at the gingerbread cottage?" 
     Ernie straightened up abruptly. "No, no that's okay. I'm fine,
just fine. I"d just as soon be right...um... He looked around.
Captain Memory, the Fly, and Sterno were all looking around as
well. They were in what appeared to be a large government office.
It was a big room, with a high, arched ceiling, lit by rows of
fluorescent lights. The walls were painted eye-saver green. `It
looks like an old-fashioned post office or something,' Ernie
thought. 
      In the middle of the room was a long row of tables with forms
in little pigeonholes and pens attached by chains. A row of windows
occupied one wall, each with a bored-looking clerk doing something
with papers. A sign above the windows said `Federal Bureau of
Drawers'. 
     Ernie was puzzled. "Why did you bring us here?" He asked
Captain Memory.
     "This isn't quite what I expected," admitted the Captain. He
seemed just as puzzled as Ernie. "Actually, I didn't really want to
leave. I really wanted to have another piece of cake - German
chocolate, as a matter of fact." He sighed. "I guess I won't get my
cake now."
     Ernie sighed as well. He wished he had taken advantage of the
opportunity to eat something while they were still at the cottage.
He was beginning to get really hungry, and it didn't look like he
was going to be able to find anything to eat here.
     Ernie looked around. "What is this place?"
     The Captain regarded the building thoughfully. "I'm not sure,
but I think it's a database."
     "A database?" Ernie was confused. "I thought data in
Cyberspace was supposed to look like big, glowing geometric forms
that you could fly around in!"
     "Yeah, well you could do that if you wanted," the Captain
explained. "But businesses usually don't. They secretaries don't
like 'em. They like something a little more, you know, traditional.
Like this!" He gestured at the building around them.
     Their discussion was interrupted by a shrill, nasal voice.
"Next, please!" Ernie looked around confusedly. "That's you!" An
unpleasant-looking older woman with her hair pulled back in a tight
bun seemed to be pointing at him. "Step up to the window, please!"
     Ernie looked at Captain Memory. "What should we do?"
     The Captain shrugged. "I guess we should step up to the
window." They did so.
     "Hello!" Captain Memory said pleasantly to the woman behind
the window. "Can you tell us why we're here?"
     "Certainly," she said through tight lips.
     Captain Memory smiled. "See," he said to Ernie. "This isn't
going to be hard at all!" 
     The woman behind the window smirked unpleasantly. "Just fill
out this form." She handed a thick sheaf of papers to Captain
Memory.
     The Captain's face fell. "What's this for?"
     The woman smirked happily. "That's a form 4729, `Request for
Information'. I assume you have your authorized Form 7391 with
you?"
     "Uh, I don't think so," the Captain answered confusedly. "What
is it?"
     "Oh, you must have your Form 7391, `Request for Request for
Information' completely filled out, authorized, and validated
before we can process your Form 4729, `Request for Information'.
Oh, you don't have a Form 7391? Here you are!" The woman handed
Captain Memory another thick sheaf of papers.
     Captain Memory looked very unhappy. He leafed though the
forms. "These are real long," he complained.
     "Be sure to read ALL the directions," the woman simpered
cheerfully. Her mood seemed to be improving with every passing
form. "And fill in all the blanks, except those marked `Do Not Fill
In This Blank'. Of course, if you fail to fill in any of the
correct blanks, or if you should happen to fill in any blank marked
`Do Not Fill In This Blank', then you'll have to start ALL over
again!" She cackled with glee at the thought.
     "And, of course, you'll need a Form 6729, `Request for
Authorization of Forms', a Form 3451, `Request for Validation of
Forms', a Form 4472b, `Request for Instructions for Authorization
and Validation of Forms', and a Form 2392A, `Application for
Verification of Authorization and Validation.'" She handed Captain
Memory four more thick forms.  He now had a pile of forms about
eight inches high in front of him. "And, of course," she said to
Ernie "We'll need a complete set of forms from you as well," she
handed Ernie a similar stack of papers. "And from you, and from
you." She handed the Fly and Sterno each their own stack. The woman
seemed positively ecstatic now. 
     Ernie looked at the pile in shock. "There's... there's
thousands of them!"
     "Oh yes," said the woman gleefully. "There used to be only
hundreds, but ever since they passed the Paperwork Reduction Act
we've had far more!"
     Ernie regarded the papers with dismay.
     "After you've filled all those out," the woman continued
delightedly. "We'll start on the rest!"
     The foursome took their piles of forms to the tables in the
middle of the room and began leafing through them despondently.
     "These government offices are always so depressing," Sterno
complained. "Why must they always paint them that ghastly shade of
green?"
     Ernie decided that he agreed with Sterno, but he was too
depressed to talk. He began leafing listlessly through his Form
2392, `Application for Verification of Authorization and
Validation', for no other reason than that it happened to be at the
top of the pile. It started out straightforwardly enough:
Name:                              Social Security #:
Father's Name:                     Mother's Name:
Mother's Maiden Name:
                    DO NOT WRITE IN THIS SPACE
Grandfather's Name:
Grandmother's Name:
     Ernie tried to fill in his name, but the pen on the little
chain wouldn't write. Instead, he flipped a few pages ahead.
Great Grandmother on your Father's Mother's Side's Maiden Name:
Great Grandmother on your Father's Mother's Side's Dependent  
Children Living with Her at the Time of Marriage (if any) Names:
             DO NOT WRITE IN THIS SPACE
     STOP! Did you write in this space? If so, take the letters of
your name, add their numerical equivalents to your date of birth,
and turn to the appropriate section as indicated by the table on
page 349. Follow directions carefully. Then, discard this form and
start all over. 
     Ernie sighed. He leafed ahead a few more pages. 
     ENTER ONE OF THE FOLLOWING:
          (a)Your Adjusted Gross Income, minus Unrecovered
Depreciation otherwise deductible on Form 692A, but including
Accrued Losses not otherwise reported on this Form.
          (b)The sum total of all the money you ever made in your
entire life.
          (c)The sum total of the sum total of all the money you
ever made in your entire life AND all the money your father and/or
mother made in their entire lives OR;
          (d)How much you got?
     Complete the above and roll again. If doubles, forfeit one
turn. Otherwise, proceed to the nearest RR and pay owner TWICE what
he would otherwise receive. Do NOT pass GO; do NOT collect $200.
               DO NOT WRITE IN THIS SPACE
     
     Ernie looked up. "Do you get the feeling they're playing games
with us?" he asked the others.
     "Oh NO!" cried the Fly desperately.
     "What!?" said Ernie, alarmed.
     "I wrote in the space that says `Do Not Write in This Space'",
wailed the Fly.
     "Tsk, tsk," said Sterno. "You're in big trouble now!"
     Ernie was glad that it was someone other than himself who was
in big trouble, for a change. He looked over at Captain Memory.
     The Captain was having a hard time filling out his forms. He
seemed to have gotten stuck. Ernie looked over his shoulder. As a
matter of fact, the Captain seemed to have gotten stuck on the
first space, `NAME:'. "Should I put `Captain Memory' or `Memory,
Captain?'" he mused.
     Ernie noticed that the Captain's form was different from his.
Ernie read:
     NAME:
     RANK:
     SERIAL NUMBER:
     In twenty-five (25) words or less, explain how you manage to
travel through Cyberspace without stopping at the approprite
checkpoints and/or checksums. Be concise; use specific examples,
and remember, neatness counts!
If you need more room, use a separate sheet.
               DO NOT WRITE IN THIS SPACE
     "I know!" said Captain Memory. "I can put `Memory' under
`Name:', and `Captain' under `Rank:'. I wonder what I should put
under `Cereal Number:'?"
     Ernie suddenly became very uneasy. "I think maybe we should
just get out of here while we have the chance!"
     Sterno was leafing through his pile of papers. "Aha!" he
cried. "Here we go: Form 1193, `Request for Authorization to Apply
for a License to Purchase Cigars'! Now we're getting somewhere!"
Sterno did not find the forms upsetting at all. In fact, he seemed
to be the only one able to deal with them. He began scribbling
industriously in the blanks. As Ernie watched, he took his sheaf of
forms to one of the windows, where it was stamped. He then took it
to another window, where a large gold seal was affixed to it. Then
on to another window, where several people signed it. He then
disappeared around a corner, and returned, moments later, carrying
a large box of cigars.
     "Wow!" The Fly was awestruck. "That's amazing! I wonder how he
does that!"
     "It's not really that difficult," commented Sterno, lighting
up a big cigar. His disposition always improved tremendously when
he had a cigar. "I'll tell you a secret: the universe is actually
a giant bureaucracy. It's possible to get anything in the Cosmos
done, if you fill out the right forms. However, filling out the
right forms can sometimes be very difficult indeed." He puffed his
cigar appreciatively. "Havanas, no less! One needs a special permit
to get these, I'll have you know!" 
     The Fly, meanwhile, was intent on trying to erase what he had
written in the space marked `Do Not Write in This Space'. So far,
he had only succeeded in tearing a hole in the paper.
     Ernie, meanwhile, was noticing the fact that all the clerks
and tellers seemed to be watching them. Another unusual thing
struck him. "Hey guys," he commented. "Did you notice that there's
all these clerks and all these officials, but no customers besides
us?"
     "Egad, that IS odd," agreed Sterno. "Everyone knows that the
usual ratio is 116,312 customers per clerk." He looked around.
"Where ARE all the lines? I've never seen a government office this
empty, except of course at the Administration for Not Doing
Anything At All Building, and even there only after 5:00 P.M. on
weekends. It does seem suspicious!"
     Ernie was thrilled that for once, someone agreed with him.
"Okay, well that proves it, right? So let's get out of here, okay?"
     "I've got it!" cried Captain Memory. He grabbed a pen, and
wrote in large, childlike block letters in the space marked `Serial
Number:' `FROSTED FLAKES'. "There!" he said, beaming. He looked at
the next line, and his face fell. "Oh, it's an essay question! I
hate essay questions!"
     "So let's get out of here, okay?" Ernie urged. He felt more
uneasy with each passing moment.
     Captain Memory sighed. "I guess we might as well. I'm never
gonna finish this thing!" He pushed the pile of papers aside. Ernie
began slowly heading toward the door, acutely aware of all the
clerks watching him. He tried to act as nonchalant as possible,
whistling a little tune and shuffling his feet as he walked.
     "Just a minute!" he heard the old woman clerk cry out. "Just
WHERE do you think you're going?"
     "Uh..uh.." Ernie stammered.
     "Don't you know you're not allowed to leave without filling
out a Form 9150, `Application for Authorization to Apply for
Permission for an Interruption in Completion of Forms'!" she
shrieked. "Get back here!"
     Ernie thought fast. "Uh, I gotta go to the bathroom!"
     The old woman glared at the other three. "And what about YOU?"
     The others followed Ernie's lead. "Uh, we all gotta go to the
bathroom!" they chorused in unison.
     The clerk scowled. "All right! Fill out this Form 7711,
`Request for Permission to Apply for Authorization for Admission to
the Sanitary Facility'!" she snapped. "Anyway, you're going the
wrong way! The bathroom's that way!" She pointed down a long
corridor which seemed to disappear into the bowels of the building.
     Ernie looked at the others. "RUN!!" he yelled. They all
sprinted for the door.
     "Stop them!" shrieked the old woman, but they were already
through the door.
     Outside, they found themselves on the dingy streets of what
appeared to be a large city greatly in need of urban renewal. "We'd
better keep moving," Ernie urged. "They're right behind us!"
     The Fly looked back. "No, they're not."
     Ernie stopped, confused, and turned around. Sure enough, there
was no sign of pursuit. "Why aren't they chasing us?" Ernie
wondered.
     "Oh, here's the reason," said Captain Memory regarding his
bare wrist. "It's five o'clock. Civil servants never work past
five!"  He continued to regard his bare wrist. "I'd really like to
get a watch!" 
     Ernie breathed a sigh of relief. "So, we're safe, then?"
     "At least till nine o'clock tomorrow morning," Captain Memory
agreed. He looked around brightly. "Let's go for a walk! Maybe we
can find a jewelry store somewhere around here!" Captain Memory
paused reflectively, looking at his bare wrist. "It doesn't have to
be a Rolex. A Seiko would be okay. Of course, I wouldn't mind a
Rolex!" They began strolling down the street.
     As they neared the corner, they began to hear music in the
distance. Ernie recognized the sound of steel drums and guitars.
"Reggae!" he said. "Somebody's playing reggae music around here!"
Ernie relaxed. While he wasn't a particular fan of reggae music, it
made him fell more at home to come across anything at all he could
recognize.
     As they turned the corner, they came upon a group of black
people who seemed to be having a party. They wore bright-colored
clothes, and had their hair hanging down in long braids.
"Dreadlocks!" Ernie recognized. "They must be Rastafarians!" 
     The Fly seemed totally confused by these people. "Hey, guy!"
he said to one of them. "Uh, do you live around here?"
     "Oh, no mon," the man answered in a thick Jamaican accent. "We
not from here, mon. We from de Islands. We Rastas!"
     In spite of himself, Ernie found himself becoming suspicious.
For one thing, they didn't look like other black people Ernie knew.
There was something funny about their skin tone. It was unusually
black, and it seemed to be coming off on objects around them. Out
of a corner of his eye, Ernie noticed a trash can nearby. It seemed
to be full of empty bottles of black shoe polish.
     Another of the Rastafarians approached the Fly. "Hey,
brother," he said, pointing at the Fly's antenna. "You got de
dreadlocks too, I see. Here, smoke some of dis ganja!" He handed
the Fly a funny-looking cigarette.
     "Uh, thanks." The Fly accepted the cigarette. However, he
couldn't seem to fit it into his snout, no matter which way he held
     Ernie heard the reassuring strains of Bob Marley and the
Wailers drifting out through a nearby doorway, but he was unable to
shake his suspicions. He noticed something unusual about the man's
footwear. "Since when do Rastas wear jackboots?"
     The man seemed momentarily nonplussed, but quickly recovered
his composure. "Oh sure, mon. We all wear de jackboots now. It's de
new `in' thing." He turned to the Fly. "Ain't dat right, brother?"
     The Fly had managed to get a grip on the cigarette with his
snout, and was puffing away. He started to giggle. "Jackboots!
Sure! Why not!"
     "Dere you go, mon," the Rasta said reassuringly, while taking
out a monocle and fitting it into his eye. "You got nothin' to
worry about! We just Rastas, mon. We not Nazis, or nothin'!" He
laughed. "Oh, no!"
     The Fly was giggling uncontrollably now. "Hey, that's GREAT
music!" he said enthusiastically. "You guys are really alright!
This is FUN!" He broke down into fits of hysterical giggling.
     "Take it easy, mon," the Rasta said to Ernie. "My name's Jack.
I from Monterey. Dey call me Monterey Jack!"
     Sterno stiffened. "Monterey Jack! Do you know what that is!?"
he hissed. "It's...it's CHEESE!"
     The Rasta stood abruptly up, the monocle dropping out of his
eye. "SEIZE THEM!" he shrieked, his Islands accent abruptly
vanishing.
     "RUN!" shouted Ernie and Sterno together.
     "Hey guys, what's the rush?" asked the Fly, his head lolling
from side to side. "Isn't this a FUN party?"
     "Come ON!" Ernie grabbed the Fly's tie and pulled him along
like a puppy on a leash. The ran down the narrow street, the Fly
stumbling and giggling. Close behind them were the imitation
Rastas, discarding their Caribbean clothes as they ran to reveal
Nazi uniforms beneath. "Quick, in here!" Ernie pulled the Fly into
an open doorway, followed by Sterno and Captain Memory. Inside was
a flight of stairs. They ran up the stairs and through a door at
the first landing, to find themselves in a long corridor, lined by
rows of doors.
     "Looks like an apartment building, or maybe a hotel," Ernie
observed. "Maybe we can find a room to hide in!"
     "Good idea!" Sterno agreed.
     "I'd like a room with a TV, if you don't mind," Captain Memory
added. Ernie glared at him, and hurried down the hall, still
dragging the Fly by the necktie.
     An open door beckoned. The four rushed into what appeared to
be an ordinary, somewhat run-down hotel room, slammed the door
behind them, and locked it.
     "Whew!" Ernie breathed a sigh of relief. "Well, I don't think
they can find us in here! Look's like we're safe!"
     The Fly collapsed into an overstuffed chair. He held his hands
up in front of his face. "Oh wow," he said wonderingly. "Did you
ever look at your hands? I mean, really LOOK at them?" He started
giggling again.
      "Hmmph!" Sterno sniffed. "Some people just can't hold their
ganja!"
     There was a knock on the door.
     "Ssh!" Ernie cautioned the others. "Let's just be quiet and
they won't know we're in here!"
     "Ve know you're in dere!" a voice outside the door shouted.
     Ernie was astonished. "How could they know we were in here?"
he whispered to the others.
     "Dat's easy!" answered the voice from behind them door. "Ve
just follow ze trail of sequins!"
     Ernie looked at his toreador suit. Large, sparkle-less patches
confirmed his worst fears. Sure enough, a faint, but clearly
identifiable trail of sequins led under the door.
     Ernie became aware of everyone glaring at him, except of
course, the Fly, who was still busily examining his hands. "You,
again!" snarled Sterno.
     "Well, hey..." Ernie shrugged defensively. "What am I supposed
to do, you know? I..."
     The knock sounded again, this time louder. "Open up!"
     Ernie looked at the door. I'll be cool about this, he decided.
Maybe I can fake them out. "Uh, yes?" he called out brightly.
"Who's there?"
     "Nazis!" came the reply. "Open up!"
      "Uh, no thanks! We don't want any!"
     "You vill open zis door! NOW!"
     Ernie thought fast. "Uh, I'm in the bathroom right now! Could
you come back later?"
     "BREAK DOWN ZE DOOR!" Something large and heavy thudded into
the door.
     Ernie looked around the room frantically. "The fire escape!"
Ernie pointed through an open window. "Quick! Everybody! Out that
way!" The ran to the window and climbed down the fire escape, Ernie
pulling the Fly by the necktie. "Hey, what's the rush, guys?" asked
the Fly, giggling. "We just got here!"
     As they hurried down the fire escape, Ernie heard the sound of
the door breaking down behind them. "After zem!" a voice cried.
     The bottom of the fire escape led to a narrow alley. Hurrying
along it, the found themselves facing a large iron door. There was
no other way out of the alley. The sounds of pursuit were close
behind them. Ernie tried the doorknob. It was unlocked. "Quick,
through here!" he shouted.
     They four scrambled through the door and slammed it behind
them. Inside it was totally dark. Ernie felt along the doorframe
for a lock. He found one, and locked it. He found another, and
locked that too. There was also a large bolt, and a huge padlock.
He locked those as well. "There," he said. "That should keep them
out. We're safe now!" He breathed a sigh of relief.
     "Where are we?" he heard Captain Memory's voice ask. "I can't
see a thing!" 
     Ernie inched carefully forward, his hands outstretched, hoping
to find a lamp, or a light switch, or something. Suddenly, from out
of the darkness, a voice rang out. "Ah, how nice of you to return!"
the voice said. "Ve haff been vaiting for you!"
     "Uh oh," Ernie began. "I think we're in trouble guys!"
     The now-familiar voice of the game-show announcer boomed out.
"You sure are, because it's time for WHEEL OF TORTURE!"
     There was the sound of tremendous applause.
     The entire scene erupted into blinding light. 
     The announcer continued. "And now, for our first contestant:
from Toledo, Ohio, it's Goombah the Toreador!"
     "My name's Ernie," Ernie complained. "Gimme a break, huh?"
     "SURE!" the announcer agreed cheerfully. "WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE
BROKEN?!" Ernie heard uproarious laughter.
     "Say!" the announcer continued. "I just LOVE your suit! You're
missing a few sequins, though!" Ernie heard laughter again, this
time cut short in a very artificial-sounding way. His eyes were
beginning to adjust to the light, but he still couldn't see
clearly.
     "And here's our second contestant: from Des Moines, Iowa, it's
Seth Brundage, the Human Fly!"
     "Aw, I wish you wouldn't call me that!" the Fly complained.
"It makes a real bad impression, you know? Couldn't you just call
me `Seth'?"
     "Sure thing, Mr. Fly!" the announcer agreed jovially.
     The Fly moaned. "And I'm not from Des Moines, either!"
     Ernie's vision was beginning to clear up. They were,
unfortunately, back on the stage of `Wheel of Torture'. They seemed
to have blundered (or been maneuvered) into the same stage they had
escaped from twice before. Ernie just hoped they would be able to
escape from it again.
     He looked out towards the audience. There was no audience -
just empty chairs. Ernie looked around. There were no guards, no
chorus girls. In fact, there was only one person: the Gestapo's
greatest, Sturmbannfuhrer Dr. Heinz von Liederkranz, the man whose
name sounds like cheese! Ernie heard thunderous applause.
     "Tank you, tank you!" von Liederkranz bowed in the direction
of the non-existent audience. He then reached out and shut off a
small tape recorder. The applause ended abruptly. He turned on
another small tape recorder. "And now, on with the show!" the
recorded voice of the announcer rang out. Von Liederkranz shut that
one off, too.
     "Zo, ve meet again!" Von Liederkranz smiled unpleasantly. "Now
you are in my power! You vill tell me vhat I vant to know!"
     Ernie looked at the empty chairs. "What happened to the
audience?"
     Von Liederkranz's face turned hard. "Dat vas most...
unfortunate. Dey all refused to confess, und I vas forced to...
eliminate dem. For vhich..." He looked around quickly. Finding no-
one else around him, he settled on Ernie. "YOU vill pay,
schweinhund!" he cried, slapping Ernie with his riding crop.
     "Why me!?" cried Ernie. "I didn't..."
     "SILENCE!"
     Von Liederkranz eyed them all suspiciously. "Unfortunately, I
vill not be able to interrogate you at de moment, due to a, um,
temporary staff shortage. Until zis situation can be remedied, I
vill be forced to keep you locked up. Zis time, however, you vill
not escape due to ze incompetence of guards! Ze guards have been...
liquidated." He smiled evilly. "Now, you vill go behind Door Nummer
One! MARSCH!" He gestured at them with an evil-looking
weapon. The foursome found themselves herded through Door Number
One, which crashed shut behind them with a very loud and ominous
clang.
     Ernie looked around, his eyes slowly becoming accustomed to
the darkness. They seemed to be back in the same large dungeon cell
they had been held in before. The room was dimly lit by a torch
attached to one wall. The far reaches of the room disappeared into
the darkness, making it impossible to tell exactly how big the cell
was.
     "Oh man," the Fly complained. "Not here again! This place is
no fun! I waited for my date in here for DAYS, man! She never
showed up! I couldn't even get a drink while I waited! The service
in here is terrible!" He peered into the darkness. "Waiter!
Waiter!" He sighed. "It doesn't do any good. Nobody ever comes!"
     Ernie peered into the darkness. No, he couldn't see anything
that even remotely resembled a waiter. However, straining his ears,
he did seem to hear something. It sounded like sniffling, and
perhaps crying. "Who's there?" he called into the darkness.
     Two small figures began to approach into the light. As they
approached, Ernie could see that they were children: a little boy
and a little girl. They were both dressed in German national
costumes. The girl was wearing a dirndl, and the boy was wearing
lederhosen and a little alpine hat. They both seemed very sad.
     Ernie was surprised. "Hi there," he said to the little boy in
a kindly manner. "What's your name?"
     "My name is Hansel," said the boy, with a heavy German accent.
"Und dis is my sister, Gretel."
     The Fly regarded the children. "Say, you kids haven't seen my
date, have you? She's about five-foot-two, eyes of blue..." The
children looked at him uncomprehendingly. The Fly sighed. "Oh well,
it was worth a try."
     Ernie regarded the children with amazement. "How did you kids
get here?"
     Hansel sniffled sadly. "Ve vas arrested by ze Gestapo," he
explained. "Ve vas lost in ze forest, und ve found zis gingerbread
house, und a vicked vitch, und ve push her in ze oven." Hansel
sniffled tearfully. "How vas ve to know she vas a Gestapo agent?"
     "Gee, that's tough, kid," Ernie said sympathetically. He hoped
Hansel wouldn't cry. He never knew what to do around crying
children.
     "Well, cheer up, kid," Captain Memory added in brightly. "It
could be worse!"
     "How?" asked Hansel innocently.
     "Uh..." Captain Memory thought for a moment. "I'll get back to
you on that!" He fell silent.
     Hansel whimpered. "It's so cold and dark and awful in here!
I'm afraid!"
     Ernie winced. `Oh, he's gonna start crying', he thought. `What
am I gonna do? I don't know what to do when kids cry!' Ernie tried
to think of something to do. "Uh, cheer up kid! Maybe I'll tell you
a story!"
     Hansel brightened. "Oh, do you know a good story?"
     Ernie frowned. "Uh, well,...no." He turned to Captain Memory.
"Hey, tell these kids a story! You know lots of stories!"
     "Tell us a story! Tell us a story!" The children jumped up and
down in front of Captain Memory.
     The Captain seemed confused. "Well, uh, I dunno."
     "Oh man," said the Fly. "You're not gonna disappoint these
poor little kids, are you? Tell 'em something!"
     Captain Memory hesitated. "Well, gee. I don't know what to
tell them!"
     Hansel jumped up and down excitedly. "Tell us how you travel
from sector to sector in Cyberspace vithout getting shtopped at ze
checkpoints! Tell us dat one!"
     Ernie frowned. How did these kids know about that?
     Gretel, too, was jumping up and down excitedly. "Tell us how
you can JUMP from places dat are not supposed to accept any
external commands! Tell us dat one!"
     The Captain seemed unsure. "Well, I don't know if I should
talk about that!"
     "Oh, sure!" said Hansel reassuringly. "You can tell us all
about it! Dere's no harm in it! Ve're just little kids! You can
tell us everything you know!"
     "I really shouldn't..." the Captain began.
     "Oh, come on," Hansel cajoled. "Why not? We're just little
kids who want to hear a story! We're not midgets, just little kids!
And," he laughed. "We're certainly not Gestapo agents!"
     Gretel laughed too. "Oh no, we're not midget Gestapo agents,
nothing of the kind! How silly to even think such a thing!"
     Hansel gestured at Gretel. "See? Dot proves it! Und ve're
certainly not trying to pump you for information, ve just vant you
to tell us a story, ja?"
     Captain Memory breathed a sigh of relief. "Well, that's a load
off my mind!"
     "Gut! Gut!" Hansel and Gretel beamed. "Now, you vill tell us
vhat ve vant to know, ja?"
     "Sure!" said Captain Memory brightly. "Uh," he scratched his
head. "What were we talking about again?"
     Hansel fumed. "Talk, schweinhund! Or else ve..." He noticed
Gretel glaring at him. He caught himself. "Oh, ja." He laughed
feebly. "You vill tell us how you JUMP from place to place, ja?" 
     Sterno looked at the children suspiciously. "There's something
very peculiar about these children," he remarked. He looked them up
and down carefully. "You children," he demanded. "What is your LAST
NAME?"
     Hansel and Gretel looked at each other in confusion. "Our
what?"
     "You last name!" Sterno insisted. "Your first names are Hansel
and Gretel; what are your last names? Even Germans have last
names!"
     Hansel and Gretel put their heads together and began
whispering furiously between them. "Last names...Dey didn't give
us...Vhat do ve say?" Finally, the looked up. "Uh, Colby! Dot's our
last name! Hansel and Gretel Colby! Ein gut name, ja?"
     Sterno stiffened. "Do you know what that IS!?" he hissed.
"It's...it's CHEESE! COLBY CHEESE!"
     A look of fury passed over both Hansel and Gretel's faces.
"Dummkopf!" Gretel screamed at Hansel. "You give away ze whole
show! Und ve vas zo close!"
     "ME!?" Hansel shrieked back. "It vas you! You pick zis stupid
name!"
     Suddenly, the door to the dungeon cell flew open. Von
Liederkranz stood in the doorway, framed in light. "Zo," he said
menacingly. "My liddle subterfuge does not fool you, eh? Dot is
most... unfortunate. Now I vill have to interrogate you meinself.
Out!" The entire group stepped out of the dungeon cell, and back
onto the stage of WHEEL OF TORTURE. 
     Von Liederkranz turned to Hansel and Gretel. "Und as for YOU,"
They winced. "Such incompetence is not to be tolerated! You vill
perhaps step behind Door Nummer Four, ja?"
     The midgets blanched. "NEIN! NEIN! Not Door Nummer Four!"
     "MARSCH!" Von Liederkranz gestured toward the door with his
evil-looking weapon. The midgets filed sadly through the door,
