look like, and  to  Ford  it  looked  thoroughly  antiquated:  it
confirmed his suspicions that Disaster Area's stuntship had taken
them back at least a million, if not two  million,  years  before
their own time.
No, the thing that really caught them off balance was the bath.
The bath stood on a six foot pedestal of rough  hewn  blue  water
crystal  and  was of a baroque monstrosity not often seen outside
the Maximegalon Museum  of  Diseased  Imaginings.  An  intestinal
jumble  of  plumbing had been picked out in gold leaf rather than
decently buried at midnight in an unmarked grave;  the  taps  and
shower attachment would have made a gargoyle jump.
As the dominant centrepiece of a starship bridge it was  terribly
wrong,  and it was with the embittered air of a man who knew this
that Number Two approached it.
"Captain, sir!" he shouted through clenched teeth -  a  difficult
trick but he'd had years during which to perfect it.
A large genial face and a genial foam covered arm popped up above
the rim of the monstrous bath.
"Ah, hello, Number  Two,"  said  the  Captain,  waving  a  cheery
sponge, "having a nice day?"
Number Two snapped even further to attention than he already was.
"I have brought you the prisoners I located in freezer bay seven,
sir!" he yapped.
Ford and Arthur coughed in confusion.
"Er ... hello," they said.
The Captain beamed at them. So Number Two had really  found  some
prisoners. Well, good for him, thought the Captain, nice to see a
chap doing what he's best at.
"Oh, hello there," he said to them, "Excuse me  not  getting  up,
having  a quick bath. Well, jynnan tonnyx all round then. Look in
the fridge Number one."
"Certainly sir."
It is a curious fact, and one to which no  one  knows  quite  how
much  importance  to attach, that something like 85% of all known
worlds in the Galaxy, be they primitive or highly advanced,  have
invented  a  drink  called  jynnan  tonnyx, or gee-N'N-T'N-ix, or
jinond-o-nicks, or any one of a thousand or  more  variations  on
the  same phonetic theme. The drinks themselves are not the same,
and vary between the Sivolvian "chinanto/mnigs" which is ordinary
water   server  at  slightly  above  room  temperature,  and  the
Gagrakackan "tzjin-anthony-ks" which  kills  cows  at  a  hundred
paces;  and  in  fact  the one common factor between all of them,
beyond the fact that the names sound the same, is that they  were
all  invented  and named before the worlds concerned made contact
with any other worlds.
What can be made of this fact? It exists in total  isolation.  As
far  as  any  theory of structural linguistics is concerned it is
right  off  the  graph,  and  yet  it  persists.  Old  structural
linguists  get  very  angry when young structural linguists go on
about it. Young structural linguists get deeply excited about  it
and  stay  up late at night convinced that they are very close to
something  of  profound  importance,  and  end  up  becoming  old
structural  linguists  before their time, getting very angry with
the young ones. Structural linguistics is a bitterly divided  and
unhappy discipline, and a large number of its practitioners spend
too many nights drowning their problems in Ouisghian Zodahs.
Number Two stood before  the  Captain's  bathtub  trembling  with
frustration.
"Don't you want to interrogate the prisoners sir?" he squealed.
The Captain peered at him in bemusement.
"Why on Golgafrincham should I want to do that?" he asked.
"To get information out of them, sir! To find out why  they  came
here!"
"Oh no, no, no," said the Captain, "I expect they just dropped in
for a quick jynnan tonnyx, don't you?"
"But sir, they're my prisoners! I must interrogate them!"
The Captain looked at them doubtfully.
"Oh all right," he said, "if you must. Ask them what they want to
drink."
A hard cold gleam came into Number Two's eyes. He advanced slowly
on Ford Prefect and Arthur Dent.
"All right, you scum," he growled, "you  vermin  ..."  He  jabbed
Ford with the Kill-O-Zap gun.
"Steady on, Number Two," admonished the Captain gently.
"What do you want to drink!!!" Number Two screamed.
"Well the jynnan tonnyx sounds very nice to me," said Ford, "What
about you Arthur?"
Arthur blinked.
"What? Oh, er, yes," he said.
"With ice or without?" bellowed Number Two.
"Oh, with please," said Ford.
"Lemon??!!"
"Yes please," said Ford, "and do you have  any  of  those  little
biscuits? You know, the cheesy ones?"
"I'm asking  the  questions!!!!"  howled  Number  Two,  his  body
quaking with apoplectic fury.
"Er, Number Two ..." said the Captain softly.
"Sir?!"
"Push off, would you, there's a good chap. I'm trying to  have  a
relaxing bath."
Number Two's eyes narrowed and  became  what  are  known  in  the
Shouting  and  Killing  People  trade  as  cold  slits,  the idea
presumably being to give your opponent the  impression  that  you
have  lost  your  glasses or are having difficulty keeping awake.
Why this is frightening is an, as yet, unresolved problem.
He advanced on the captain, his (Number Two's) mouth a thin  hard
line.  Again,  tricky  to know why this is understood as fighting
behaviour. If, whilst wandering through the jungle of Traal,  you
were  suddenly to come upon the fabled Ravenous Bugblatter Beast,
you would have reason to be grateful if its mouth was a thin hard
line  rather  than,  as it usually is, a gaping mass of slavering
fangs.
"May I remind you sir," hissed Number Two at the  Captain,  "that
you have now been in that bath for over three years?!" This final
shot delivered, Number Two spun on his heel and stalked off to  a
corner to practise darting eye movements in the mirror.
The Captain squirmed in his bath. He gave  Ford  Prefect  a  lame
smile.
"Well you need to relax a lot in a job like mine," he said.
Ford slowly lowered his hands. It provoked  no  reaction.  Arthur
lowered his.
Treading very slowly and carefully, Ford moved over to  the  bath
pedestal. He patted it.
"Nice," he lied.
He wondered if it was safe to grin. Very slowly and carefully, he
grinned. It was safe.
"Er ..." he said to the Captain.
"Yes?" said the Captain.
"I wonder," said Ford, "could I ask you actually what your job is
in fact?"
A hand tapped him on the shoulder. He span round.
It was the first officer.
"Your drinks," he said.
"Ah, thank you," said Ford.  He  and  Arthur  took  their  jynnan
tonnyx.  Arthur  sipped  his,  and  was  surprised to discover it
tasted very like a whisky and soda.
"I mean, I couldn't help noticing," said Ford, also taking a sip,
"the bodies. In the hold."
"Bodies?" said the Captain in surprise.
Ford paused and thought  to  himself.  Never  take  anything  for
granted,  he  thought.  Could it be that the Captain doesn't know
he's got fifteen million dead bodies on his ship?
The Captain was nodding cheerfully at him. He also appeared to be
playing with a rubber duck.
Ford looked around. Number Two was staring at him in the  mirror,
but  only  for  an instant: his eyes were constantly on the move.
The first officer was just standing there holding the drinks tray
and smiling benignly.
"Bodies?" said the Captain again.
Ford licked his lips.
"Yes," he said, "All those dead telephone sanitizers and  account
executives, you know, down in the hold."
The Captain stared at him. Suddenly he threw back  his  head  and
laughed.
"Oh they're not dead," he said, "Good Lord no, no they're frozen.
They're going to be revived."
Ford did something he very rarely did. He blinked.
Arthur seemed to come out of a trance.
"You mean you've got a hold  full  of  frozen  hairdressers?"  he
said.
"Oh yes," said the  Captain,  "Millions  of  them.  Hairdressers,
tired  TV  producers,  insurance  salesmen,  personnel  officers,
security  guards,   public   relations   executives,   management
consultants,  you  name  them.  We're  going  to colonize another
planet."
Ford wobbled very slightly.
"Exciting isn't it?" said the Captain.
"What, with that lot?" said Arthur.
"Ah, now don't misunderstand me," said the Captain,  "we're  just
one  of  the  ships  in the Ark Fleet. We're the `B' Ark you see.
Sorry, could I just ask you to run a bit more hot water for me?"
Arthur obliged, and a cascade of pink frothy water swirled around
the bath. The Captain let out a sigh of pleasure.
"Thank you so much my dear fellow. Do  help  yourselves  to  more
drinks of course."
Ford tossed down his  drink,  took  the  bottle  from  the  first
officer's tray and refilled his glass to the top.
"What," he said, "is a `B' Ark?"
"This is," said the Captain, and swished the foamy  water  around
joyfully with the duck.
"Yes," said Ford, "but ..."
"Well what happened you see was," said the Captain, "our  planet,
the world from which we have come, was, so to speak, doomed."
"Doomed?"
"Oh yes. So what everyone  thought  was,  let's  pack  the  whole
population  into  some  giant  spaceships  and  go  and settle on
another planet."
Having told this much of  his  story,  he  settled  back  with  a
satisfied grunt.
"You mean a less doomed one?" promoted Arthur.
"What did you say dear fellow?"
"A less doomed planet. You were going to settle on."
"Are going to settle on, yes. So it was decided  to  build  three
ships,  you  see, three Arks in Space, and ... I'm not boring you
am I?"
"No, no," said Ford firmly, "it's fascinating."
"You know it's  delightful,"  reflected  the  Captain,  "to  have
someone else to talk to for a change."
Number Two's eyes darted feverishly about the room again and then
settled  back  on  the  mirror,  like  a  pair  of  flies briefly
distracted from their favourite prey of months old meat.
"Trouble with a long journey like this," continued  the  Captain,
"is  that  you  end up just talking to yourself a lot, which gets
terribly boring because half the time you know what you're  going
to say next."
"Only half the time?" asked Arthur in surprise.
The Captain thought for a moment.
"Yes, about half I'd say. Anyway - where's the soap?"  He  fished
around and found it.
"Yes, so anyway," he resumed, "the idea was that into  the  first
ship,  the  `A'  ship,  would  go  all the brilliant leaders, the
scientists, the great artists, you know, all the  achievers;  and
into  the third, or `C' ship, would go all the people who did the
actual work, who made things and did things, and  then  into  the
`B'  ship - that's us - would go everyone else, the middlemen you
see."
He smiled happily at them.
"And we were sent off first," he concluded, and hummed  a  little
bathing tune.
The little bathing tune, which had been composed for him  by  one
of  his world's most exciting and prolific jingle writer (who was
currently asleep in  hold  thirty-six  some  nine  hundred  yards
behind  them)  covered  what would otherwise have been an awkward
moment of silence.  Ford  and  Arthur  shuffled  their  feet  and
furiously avoided each other's eyes.
"Er ..." said Arthur after a moment, "what exactly  was  it  that
was wrong with your planet then?"
"Oh, it was doomed, as I said," said the Captain, "Apparently  it
was  going  to  crash  into the sun or something. Or maybe it was
that the moon was going to crash into us. Something of the  kind.
Absolutely terrifying prospect whatever it was."
"Oh," said the first officer suddenly, "I thought it was that the
planet was going to be invaded by a gigantic swarm of twelve foot
piranha bees. Wasn't that it?"
Number Two span around, eyes ablaze with a cold hard  light  that
only comes with the amount of practise he was prepared to put in.
"That's not what I was told!" he hissed, "My  commanding  officer
told  me  that  the entire planet was in imminent danger of being
eaten by an enormous mutant star goat!"
"Oh really ..." said Ford Prefect.
"Yes! A monstrous creature from the pit  of  hell  with  scything
teeth  ten  thousand  miles  long, breath that would boil oceans,
claws that could tear continents from  their  roots,  a  thousand
eyes  that  burned  like  the sun, slavering jaws a million miles
across, a monster such as you have never ... never ... ever ..."
"And they made sure they  sent  you  lot  off  first  did  they?"
inquired Arthur.
"Oh yes," said the Captain, "well everyone said,  very  nicely  I
thought,  that it was very important for morale to feel that they
would be arriving on a planet where they could be sure of a  good
haircut and where the phones were clean."
"Oh yes," agreed Ford, "I can see that would be  very  important.
And the other ships, er ... they followed on after you did they?"
For a moment the Captain did not answer. He twisted round in  his
bath  and  gazed backwards over the huge bulk of the ship towards
the bright galactic centre. He squinted  into  the  inconceivable
distance.
"Ah. Well it's funny you should say that," he  said  and  allowed
himself a slight frown at Ford Prefect, "because curiously enough
we haven't heard a peep out of them since we left five years  ago
... but they must be behind us somewhere."
He peered off into the distance again.
Ford peered with him and gave a thoughtful frown.
"Unless of course," he said softly, "they were eaten by the  goat
..."
"Ah yes ..." said the Captain with a  slight  hesitancy  creeping
into  his  voice,  "the  goat ..." His eyes passed over the solid
shapes of the instruments and computers that  lined  the  bridge.
They  winked  away innocently at him. He stared out at the stars,
but none of them said a word. He glanced at his first and  second
officers,  but  they  seemed  lost  in  their  own thoughts for a
moment. He glanced at Ford Prefect who  raised  his  eyebrows  at
him.
"It's a funny thing you know," said the Captain at last, "but now
that I actually come to tell the story to someone else ... I mean
does it strike you as odd Number Two?"
"Errrrrrrrrrrr ..." said Number Two.
"Well," said Ford, "I can see that you've got  a  lot  of  things
you're going to talk about, so, thanks for the drinks, and if you
could sort of drop us off at the nearest convenient planet ..."
"Ah, well that's a little difficult you see," said  the  Captain,
"because   our  trajectory  thingy  was  preset  before  we  left
Golgafrincham, I think partly because  I'm  not  very  good  with
figures ..."
"You mean we're stuck here on this ship?" exclaimed Ford suddenly
losing patience with the whole charade, "When are you meant to be
reaching this planet you're meant to be colonizing?"
"Oh, we're nearly there I think," said the Captain,  "any  second
now.  It's  probably time I was getting out of this bath in fact.
Oh, I don't know though, why stop just when I'm enjoying it?"
"So we're actually going to land in a minute?"
"Well not so much land, in fact, not actually land  as  such,  no
... er ..."
"What are you talking about?" said Ford sharply.
"Well," said the Captain,  picking  his  way  through  the  words
carefully,  "I  think as far as I can remember we were programmed
to crash on it."
"Crash?" shouted Ford and Arthur.
"Er, yes," said the Captain, "yes, it's all part of  the  plan  I
think.  There  was  a  terribly  good reason for it which I can't
quite remember at the moment. It was something  to  with  ...  er
..."
Ford exploded.
"You're a load of useless bloody loonies!" he shouted.
"Ah yes, that was it," beamed the Captain, "that was the reason."
=================================================================
Chapter 25
The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy has this to say  about  the
planet  of  Golgafrincham:  It  is  a  planet with an ancient and
mysterious history, rich in legend, red, and  occasionally  green
with  the  blood  of those who sought in times gone by to conquer
her; a land of parched and barren landscapes, of sweet and sultry
air  heady  with  the  scent of the perfumed springs that trickle
over its hot and dusty rocks  and  nourish  the  dark  and  musty
lichens   beneath;  a  land  of  fevered  brows  and  intoxicated
imaginings, particularly amongst those who taste the  lichens;  a
land  also  of  cool  and  shaded thoughts amongst those who have
learnt to forswear the lichens and find a tree to sit beneath;  a
land  also of steel and blood and heroism; a land of the body and
of the spirit. This was its history.
And  in  all  this  ancient  and  mysterious  history,  the  most
mysterious  figures  of all were without doubt those of the Great
Circling Poets of Arium. These Circling Poets  used  to  live  in
remote  mountain  passes  where  they would lie in wait for small
bands of unwary travellers, circle round them, and throw rocks at
them.
And when the travellers cried out, saying why didn't they go away
and  get  on  with writing some poems instead of pestering people
with all this rock-throwing business, they would  suddenly  stop,
and  then  break  into  one  of the seven hundred and ninety-four
great  Song  Cycles  of  Vassilian.  These  songs  were  all   of
extraordinary beauty, and even more extraordinary length, and all
fell into exactly the same pattern.
The first part of each song would tell how there once went  forth
from the City of Vassilian a party of five sage princes with four
horses. The princes, who are of course  brave,  noble  and  wise,
travel widely in distant lands, fought giant ogres, pursue exotic
philosophies, take tea  with  weird  gods  and  rescue  beautiful
monsters  from ravening princesses before finally announcing that
they have achieved enlightenment and that  their  wanderings  are
therefore accomplished.
The second, and much longer, part of each song would then tell of
all  their bickerings about which one of them is going to have to
walk back.
All this lay in the planet's remote  past.  It  was,  however,  a
descendant  of  one  of  these  eccentric  poets who invented the
spurious tales of impending doom  which  enabled  the  people  of
Golgafrincham  to  rid  themselves  of an entire useless third of
their population. The other two-thirds stayed firmly at home  and
lived  full,  rich  and  happy lives until they were all suddenly
wiped  out  by  a  virulent  disease  contracted  from  a   dirty
telephone.
=================================================================
Chapter 26
That night the ship crash-landed on to an  utterly  insignificant
little  green-blue planet which circled a small unregarded yellow
sun in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end  of  the
Western spiral arm of the Galaxy.
In  the  hours  preceding  the  crash  Ford  Prefect  had  fought
furiously  but  in  vain  to unlock the controls of the ship from
their pre-ordained flight path. It had quickly become apparent to
him  that  the  ship  had  been  programmed to convey its payload
safely, in uncomfortably, to its new home but to  cripple  itself
beyond repair in the process.
Its  screaming,  blazing  descent  through  the  atmosphere   had
stripped away most of its superstructure and outer shielding, and
its final inglorious bellyflop into a murky swamp  had  left  its
crew  only  a  few  hours  of darkness during which to revive and
offload its deep-frozen and unwanted cargo for the ship began  to
settle  almost  at once, slowly upending its gigantic bulk in the
stagnant slime. Once or twice during the  night  it  was  starkly
silhouetted  against the sky as burning meteors - the detritus of
its descent - flashed across the sky.
In the grey pre-dawn light it let out an obscene  roaring  gurgle
and sank for ever into the stinking depths.
When the sun came up that morning it shed its thin  watery  light
over  a  vast  area  heaving  with  wailing  hairdressers, public
relations executives, opinion pollsters and the rest, all clawing
their way desperately to dry land.
A less strong minded sun would probably have gone  straight  back
down again, but it continued to climb its way through the sky and
after a while the influence of its warming  rays  began  to  have
some restoring effect on the feebly struggling creatures.
Countless numbers had, unsurprisingly, been lost to the swamp  in
the  night, and millions more had been sucked down with the ship,
but those that survived still numbered hundreds of thousands  and
as  the  day  wore  on  they  crawled  out  over  the surrounding
countryside, each looking for a few square feet of  solid  ground
on which to collapse and recover from their nightmare ordeal.
Two figures moved further afield.
From a nearby hillside Ford Prefect and Arthur Dent  watched  the
horror of which they could not feel a part.
"Filthy dirty trick to pull," muttered Arthur.
Ford scraped a stick along the ground and shrugged.
"An imaginative solution to a problem I'd have thought," he said.
"Why can't people just  learn  to  live  together  in  peace  and
harmony?" said Arthur.
Ford gave a loud, very hollow laugh.
"Forty-two!" he said with a malicious grin,  "No,  doesn't  work.
Never mind."
Arthur looked at him as if he'd gone mad and, seeing  nothing  to
indicate  the  contrary,  realized  that  it  would  be perfectly
reasonable to assume that this had in fact happened.
"What do you think will happen to them  all?"  he  said  after  a
while.
"In an infinite Universe anything can happen," said  Ford,  "Even
survival. Strange but true."
A curious look came  into  his  eyes  as  they  passed  over  the
landscape  and  then  settles  again on the scene of misery below
them.
"I think they'll manage for a while," he said.
Arthur looked up sharply.
"Why do you say that?" he said.
Ford shrugged.
"Just a hunch," he said, and refused to be drawn to  any  further
questions.
"Look," he said suddenly.
Arthur followed his pointing finger. Down amongst  the  sprawling
masses  a figure was moving - or perhaps lurching would be a more
accurate description. He appeared to be carrying something on his
shoulder.  As he lurched from prostrate form to prostrate form he
seemed to wave whatever the something was at them  in  a  drunken
fashion. After a while he gave up the struggle and collapsed in a
heap.
Arthur had no idea what this was meant to mean to him.
"Movie camera," said Ford. "Recording the historic movement."
"Well, I don't know about you," said Ford again after  a  moment,
"but I'm off."
He sat a while in silence.
After a while this seemed to require comment.
"Er, when you say you're off, what do  you  mean  exactly?"  said
Arthur.
"Good question," said Ford, "I'm getting total silence."
Looking over his shoulder Arthur saw that he was  twiddling  with
knobs  on  a small box. Ford had already introduced this box as a
Sub-Etha Sens-O-Matic, but Arthur had merely nodded absently  and
not  pursued  the  matter. In his mind the Universe still divided
into two parts - the Earth, and everything else. The Earth having
been  demolished  to  make  way for a new hyperspace bypass meant
that this view of things was a little lopsided, but Arthur tended
to cling to that lopsidedness as being his last remaining contact
with his home. Sub-Etha  Sens-O-Matics  belonged  firmly  in  the
"everything else" category.
"Not a sausage," said Ford, shaking the thing.
Sausage, thought Arthur to himself as he gazed listlessly at  the
primitive  world about him, what I wouldn't give for a good Earth
sausage.
"Would you believe," said Ford in exasperation, "that  there  are
no transmissions of any kind within light years of this benighted
tip? Are you listening to me?"
"What?" said Arthur.
"We're in trouble," said Ford.
"Oh," said Arthur. This sounded like month-old news to him.
"Until we pick up anything on  this  machine,"  said  Ford,  "our
chances of getting off this planet are zero. It may be some freak
standing wave effect in the planet's magnetic field  -  in  which
case  we  just  travel  round  and  round  till  we  find a clear
reception area. Coming?"
He picked up his gear and strode off.
Arthur looked down the hill. The man with the  movie  camera  had
struggled  back  up  to  his feet just in time to film one of his
colleagues collapsing.
Arthur picked a blade of grass and strode off after Ford.
=================================================================
Chapter 27
"I trust you had a pleasant meal?" said Zarniwoop to  Zaphod  and
Trillian  as  they  rematerialized  on the bridge of the starship
Heart of Gold and lay panting on the floor.
Zaphod opened some eyes and glowered at him.
"You," he spat. He staggered to his feet and stomped off to  find
a chair to slump into. He found one and slumped into it.
"I  have  programmed  the   computer   with   the   Improbability
Coordinates  pertinent  to our journey," said Zarniwoop, "we will
arrive there very shortly. Meanwhile, why  don't  you  relax  and
prepare yourself for the meeting?"
Zaphod said nothing. He got up again and marched over to a  small
cabinet from which he pulled a bottle of old Janx spirit. He took
a long pull at it.
"And when this is all done," said Zaphod  savagely,  "it's  done,
alright?  I'm  free  to go and do what the hell I like and lie on
beaches and stuff?"
"It depends what transpires from the meeting," said Zarniwoop.
"Zaphod, who is this man?" said Trillian shakily, wobbling to her
feet, "What's he doing here? Why's he on our ship?"
"He's a very stupid man," said Zaphod, "who wants to meet the man
who rules the Universe."
"Ah," said Trillian taking the bottle  from  Zaphod  and  helping
herself, "a social climber."
=================================================================
Chapter 28
The major problem - one of the  major  problems,  for  there  are
several - one of the many major problems with governing people is
that of whom you get to do it; or rather of who  manages  to  get
people to let them do it to them.
To summarize: it is a well known fact, that those people who most
want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it.
To summarize the  summary:  anyone  who  is  capable  of  getting
themselves  made  President should on no account be allowed to do
the job. To summarize the summary of the summary:  people  are  a
problem.
And so this is the situation we find: a  succession  of  Galactic
Presidents  who  so  much  enjoy  the fun and palaver of being in
power that they very rarely notice that they're not.
And somewhere in the shadows behind them - who?
Who can possibly rule if no one who wants to do it can be allowed
=================================================================
Chapter 29
On a small obscure world somewhere in the middle  of  nowhere  in
particular - nowhere, that is, that could ever be found, since it
is protected by a vast field of unprobability to which  only  six
men in this galaxy have a key - it was raining.
It was bucketing down, and had been for hours. It beat the top of
the sea into a mist, it pounded the trees, it churned and slopped
a stretch of scrubby land near the sea into a mudbath.
The rain pelted and danced on the corrugated  iron  roof  of  the
small  shack  that  stood  in the middle of this patch of scrubby
land. It obliterated the small rough pathway that  led  from  the
shack  down  to  the seashore and smashed apart the neat piles of
interesting shells which had been placed there.
The noise of the rain on the roof  of  the  shack  was  deafening
within,  but  went  largely  unnoticed  by  its  occupant,  whose
attention was otherwise engaged.
He was a tall shambling man with rough straw-coloured  hair  that
was damp from the leaking roof. His clothes were shabby, his back
was hunched, and his eyes, though open, seemed closed.
In his shack was an old  beaten-up  armchair,  an  old  scratched
table,  an old mattress, some cushions and a stove that was small
but warm.
There was also an old and slightly weatherbeaten  cat,  and  this
was  currently  the  focus  of  the  man's attention. He bent his
shambling form over it.
"Pussy, pussy, pussy," he said, "coochicoochicoochicoo ...  pussy
want his fish? Nice piece of fish ... pussy want it?"
The  cat  seemed  undecided  on  the  matter.  It  pawed   rather
condescendingly at the piece of fish the man was holding out, and
then got distracted by a piece of dust on the floor.
"Pussy not eat his fish, pussy get thin and waste away, I think,"
said the man. Doubt crept into his voice.
"I imagine this is what will happen," he said,  "but  how  can  I
tell?"
He proffered the fish again.
"Pussy think," he said, "eat fish or not eat fish. I think it  is
better if I don't get involved." He sighed.
"I think fish is nice, but then I think that rain is wet, so  who
am I to judge?"
He left the fish on the floor for the cat,  and  retired  to  his
seat.
"Ah, I seem to see you eating it," he said at last,  as  the  cat
exhausted  the  entertainment  possibilities of the speck of dust
and pounced on to the fish.
"I like it when I see you eat the fish," said the  man,  "because
in my mind you will waste away if you don't."
He picked up from the table a piece of paper and the  stub  of  a
pencil.  He  held one in one hand and the other in the other, and
experimented with the different ways of bringing  them  together.
He tried holding the pencil under the paper, then over the paper,
then next to the paper. He tried wrapping  the  paper  round  the
pencil, he tried rubbing the stubby end of the pencil against the
paper and then he tried rubbing  the  sharp  end  of  the  pencil
against  the paper. It made a mark, and he was delighted with the
discovery, as he was every day. He picked  up  another  piece  of
paper  from  the table. This had a crossword on it. He studied it
briefly and filled in a couple of clues before losing interest.
He tried sitting on one of his hands and  was  intrigued  by  the
feel of the bones of his hip.
"Fish come from far away," he said, "or so  I'm  told.  Or  so  I
imagine  I'm  told. When the men come, or when in my mind the men
come in their six black ships, do they come  in  your  mind  too?
What do you see pussy?"
He looked at the cat, which was more concerned with  getting  the
fish  down  as  rapidly  as  possible  than  it  was  with  these
speculations.
"And when I hear their questions, do you hear questions? What  do
their  voices mean to you? Perhaps you just think they're singing
songs to you." He reflected on this, and  saw  the  flaw  in  the
supposition.
"Perhaps they are singing songs to you," he  said,  "and  I  just
think they're asking me questions."
He paused again. Sometimes he would pause for days, just  to  see
what it was like.
"Do you think they came today?" he said, "I do.  There's  mud  on
the  floor,  cigarettes  and whisky on the table, fish on a plate
for you and a memory  of  them  in  my  mind.  Hardly  conclusive
evidence  I  know,  but  then all evidence is circumstantial. And
look what else they've left me."
He reached over to the table and pulled some things off it.
"Crosswords, dictionaries, and a calculator."
He played with the calculator for an hour, whilst the cat went to
sleep  and  the rain outside continued to pour. Eventually he put
the calculator aside.
"I think I must be right in thinking they ask me  questions,"  he
said,  "To  come  all that way and leave all these things for the
privilege  of  singing  songs  to  you  would  be  very   strange
behaviour. Or so it seems to me. Who can tell, who can tell."
From the table he picked up a cigarette and lit it with  a  spill
from the stove. He inhaled deeply and sat back.
"I think I saw another ship in the sky today," he said  at  last.
"A  big  white one. I've never seen a big white one, just the six
black ones. And the six green ones. And the others who  say  they
come  from  so far away. Never a big white one. Perhaps six small
black ones can look like one big  white  one  at  certain  times.
Perhaps  I  would  like  a  glass of whisky. Yes, that seems more
likely."
He stood up and found a glass that was lying on the floor by  the
mattress.  He  poured in a measure from his whisky bottle. He sat
again.
"Perhaps some other people are coming to see me," he said.
A hundred yards away, pelted by  the  torrential  rain,  lay  the
Heart of Gold.
Its hatchway opened, and three  figures  emerged,  huddling  into
themselves to keep the rain off their faces.
"In there?" shouted Trillian above the noise of the rain.
"Yes," said Zarniwoop.
"That shack?"
"Yes."
"Weird," said Zaphod.
"But it's in the middle of nowhere," said Trillian, "we must have
come  to  the  wrong  place.  You  can't rule the Universe from a
shack."
They hurried through the pouring rain, and arrived, wet  through,
at the door. They knocked. They shivered.
The door opened.
"Hello?" said the man.
"Ah, excuse me," said Zarniwoop, "I have reason to believe ..."
"Do you rule the Universe?" said Zaphod.
The man smiled at him.
"I try not to," he said, "Are you wet?"
Zaphod looked at him in astonishment.
"Wet?" he cried, "Doesn't it look as if we're wet?"
"That's how it looks to me," said the  man,  "but  how  you  feel
about  it  might  be  an altogether different matter. If you feel
warmth makes you dry, you'd better come in."
They went in.
They  looked  around  the  tiny  shack,  Zarniwoop  with   slight
distaste, Trillian with interest, Zaphod with delight.
"Hey, er ..." said Zaphod, "what's your name?"
The man looked at them doubtfully.
"I don't know. Why, do you think I should have one? It seems very
odd to give a bundle of vague sensory perceptions a name."
He invited Trillian to sit in the chair. He sat on  the  edge  of
the  chair, Zarniwoop leaned stiffly against the table and Zaphod
lay on the mattress.
"Wowee!" said Zaphod, "the seat of power!" He tickled the cat.
"Listen," said Zarniwoop, "I must ask you some questions."
"Alright," said the man kindly, "you can sing to my  cat  if  you
like."
"Would he like that?" asked Zaphod.
"You'd better ask him," said the man.
"Does he talk?" said Zaphod.
"I have no memory of him talking," said the man, "but I  am  very
unreliable."
Zarniwoop pulled some notes out of a pocket.
"Now," he said, "you do rule the Universe, do you?"
"How can I tell?" said the man.
Zarniwoop ticked off a note on the paper.
"How long have you been doing this?"
"Ah," said the man, "this is a question about the past is it?"
Zarniwoop looked at him in puzzlement. This wasn't  exactly  what
he had been expecting.
"Yes," he said.
"How can I tell," said the man, "that the past  isn't  a  fiction
designed  to  account  for  the  discrepancy between my immediate
physical sensations and my state of mind?"
Zarniwoop stared at him. The steam began to rise from his  sodden
clothes.
"So you answer all questions like this?" he said.
The man answered quickly.
"I say what it occurs to me to say when I think I hear people say
things. More I cannot say."
Zaphod laughed happily.
"I'll drink to that," he said and pulled out the bottle  of  Janx
spirit.  He  leaped  up and handed the bottle to the ruler of the
Universe, who took it with pleasure.
"Good on you, great ruler," he said, "tell it like it is."
"No, listen to me," said Zarniwoop, "people come to you do  they?
In ships ..."
"I think so," said the man. He handed the bottle to Trillian.
"And they ask you," said Zarniwoop, "to take decisions for  them?
About  people's lives, about worlds, about economies, about wars,
about everything going on out there in the Universe?"
"Out there?" said the man, "out where?"
"Out there!" said Zarniwoop pointing at the door.
"How can you tell there's  anything  out  there,"  said  the  man
politely, "the door's closed."
The rain continued to pound the roof. Inside  the  shack  it  was
warm.
"But  you  know  there's  a  whole  Universe  out  there!"  cried
Zarniwoop.  "You can't dodge your responsibilities by saying they
don't exist!"
The ruler of  the  Universe  thought  for  a  long  while  whilst
Zarniwoop quivered with anger.
"You're very sure of your facts," he said at  last,  "I  couldn't
trust  the thinking of a man who takes the Universe - if there is
one - for granted."
Zarniwoop still quivered, but was silent.
"I only decide about my Universe," continued the man quietly. "My
Universe is my eyes and my ears. Anything else is hearsay."
"But don't you believe in anything?"
The man shrugged and picked up his cat.
"I don't understand what you mean," he said.
"You don't understand that what you decide in this shack of yours
affects  the  lives  and fates of millions of people? This is all
monstrously wrong!"
"I don't know. I've never met all these people you speak of.  And
neither,  I  suspect, have you. They only exist in words we hear.
It is folly to say you know what is happening  to  other  people.
Only  they  know, if they exist. They have their own Universes of
their own eyes and ears."
Trillian said:
"I think I'm just popping outside for a moment."
She left and walked into the rain.
"Do you believe other people exist?" insisted Zarniwoop.
"I have no opinion. How can I say?"
"I'd better see what's up with Trillian," said Zaphod and slipped
out.
Outside, he said to her:
"I think the Universe is in pretty good hands, yeah?"
"Very good," said Trillian. They walked off into the rain.
Inside, Zarniwoop continued.
"But don't you understand that people live or die on your word?"
The ruler of the Universe waited for as long as he could. When he
heard  the faint sound of the ship's engines starting he spoke to
cover it.
"It's nothing to do with me," he said, "I am  not  involved  with
people. The Lord knows I am not a cruel man."
"Ah!" barked Zarniwoop, "you  say  `The  Lord'.  You  believe  in
something!"
"My cat," said the man benignly, picking it up and  stroking  it,
"I call him The Lord. I am kind to him."
"Alright," said Zarniwoop, pressing home his point, "How  do  you
know  he  exists?  How  do  you  know he knows you to be kind, or
enjoys what he thinks of as your kindness?"
"I don't," said the man with a smile, "I have no idea. It  merely
pleases  me  to  behave  in a certain way to what appears to be a
cat. Do you behave any differently? Please, I think I am tired."
Zarniwoop heaved a thoroughly dissatisfied sigh and looked about.
"Where are the other two?" he said suddenly.
"What other two?" said the ruler of the Universe,  settling  back
into his chair and refilling his whisky glass.
"Beeblebrox and the girl! The two who were here!"
"I remember no one. The past is a fiction to account for ..."
"Stuff it," snapped Zarniwoop and ran out into  the  rain.  There
was  no  ship.  The rain continued to churn the mud. There was no
sign to show where the ship had been. He hollered into the  rain.
He turned and ran back to the shack and found it locked.
The ruler of the Universe dozed lightly in  his  chair.  After  a
while  he  played  with  the  pencil  and the paper again and was
delighted when he discovered how to make a mark with the  one  on
the  other.  Various noises continued outside, but he didn't know
whether they were real or not. He then talked to his table for  a
week to see how it would react.
=================================================================
Chapter 30
The stars came out that night, dazzling in their  brilliance  and
clarity.  Ford and Arthur had walked more miles than they had any
means of judging and finally stopped to rest. The night was  cool
and  balmy,  the  air  pure,  the  Sub-Etha  Sens.O.Matic totally
silent.
A wonderful stillness hung over the world, a magical  calm  which
combined with the soft fragrances of the woods, the quiet chatter
of insects and the brilliant light of the stars to  soothe  their
jangled spirits. Even Ford Prefect, who had seen more worlds than
he could count on a long afternoon, was moved to wonder  if  this
was  the  most  beautiful he had ever seen. All that day they had
passed through rolling green hills and  valleys,  richly  covered
with grasses, wild scented flowers and tall thickly leaved trees,
the sun had warmed them, light breezes had kept  them  cool,  and
Ford  Prefect  had  checked his Sub-Etha Sens-O-Matic at less and
less  frequent  intervals,  and  had  exhibited  less  and   less
annoyance  at its continued silence. He was beginning to think he
liked it here.
Cool though the night air was they slept soundly and  comfortably
in  the  open  and awoke a few hours later with the light dewfall
feeling refreshed but hungry. Ford had stuffed some  small  rolls
into  his  satchel  at  Milliways  and they breakfasted off those
before moving on.
So far they had wandered purely at random, but  now  they  struck
out  firmly eastwards, feeling that if they were going to explore
this world they should have some clear idea  of  where  they  had
come from and where they were going.
Shortly before noon they had  their  first  indication  that  the
world  they  had  landed  on  was  not an uninhabited one: a half
glimpsed face amongst the trees, watching them.  It  vanished  at
the  moment  they  both saw it, but the image they were both left
with was of a humanoid creature, curious  to  see  them  but  not
alarmed.  Half an hour later they glimpsed another such face, and
ten minutes after that another.
A minute later they stumbled into a  wide  clearing  and  stopped
short.
Before them in the middle of the clearing stood a group of  about
two  dozen  men and women. They stood still and quiet facing Ford
and Arthur. Around some of the women huddled some small  children
and  behind  the  group was a ramshackle array of small dwellings
made of mud and branches.
Ford and Arthur held their breath.
The tallest of the men stood a little over five feet  high,  they
all  stooped  forward  slightly,  had  longish  arms  and  lowish
foreheads, and clear bright eyes with which they stared  intently
at the strangers.
Seeing that they carried no weapons  and  made  no  move  towards
them, Ford and Arthur relaxed slightly.
For a while the two groups simply stared at each  other,  neither
side   making  any  move.  The  natives  seemed  puzzled  by  the
intruders, and whilst they showed no sign of aggression they were
quite clearly not issuing any invitations.
For a full two minutes nothing continued to happen.
After two minutes Ford decided it was time something happened.
"Hello," he said.
The women drew their children slightly closer to them.
The men made hardly any discernible  move  and  yet  their  whole
disposition  made it clear that the greeting was not welcome - it
was not resented in any great degree, it was just not welcome.
One of the men, who had been standing  slightly  forward  of  the
rest of the group and who might therefore have been their leader,
stepped forward. His face was quiet and calm, almost serene.
"Ugghhhuuggghhhrrrr uh uh ruh uurgh," he said quietly.
This caught Arthur by surprise. He had grown so used to receiving
an  instantaneous  and  unconscious  translation of everything he
heard via the Babel Fish lodged in his ear that he had ceased  to
be  aware  of it, and he was only reminded of its presence now by
the fact that it didn't seem to  be  working.  Vague  shadows  of
meaning  had  flickered  at  the  back of his mind, but there was
nothing he could get any firm grasp on. He guessed, correctly  as
it happens, that these people had as yet evolved no more than the
barest rudiments  of  language,  and  that  the  Babel  Fish  was
therefore  powerless  to  help.  He  glanced  at  Ford,  who  was
infinitely more experienced in these matters.
"I think," said Ford out of the corner of his mouth, "he's asking
us if we'd mind walking on round the edge of the village."
A moment later, a gesture from the man-creature seemed to confirm
this.
"Ruurgggghhhh  urrgggh;  urgh  urgh  (uh  ruh)   rruurruuh   ug,"
continued the man-creature.
"The general gist," said Ford, "as far as I can make out, is that
we are welcome to continue our journey in any way we like, but if
we would walk round his village rather than through it  it  would
make them all very happy."
"So what do we do?"
"I think we make them happy," said Ford.
Slowly and watchfully they walked  round  the  perimeter  of  the
clearing.  This  seemed to go down very well with the natives who
bowed to them very slightly and then went about their business.
Ford and Arthur continued their journey through the wood.  A  few
hundred  yards  past the clearing they suddenly came upon a small
pile  of  fruit  lying  in  their  path  -  berries  that  looked
remarkably  like  raspberries  and blackberries, and pulpy, green
skinned fruit that looked remarkably like pears.
So far they had steered clear of the fruit and berries  they  had
seen, though the trees and bushed were laden with them.
"Look at it this way," Ford Prefect had said, "fruit and  berries
on  strange  planets  either  make  you  live  or  make  you die.
Therefore the point at which to start toying with  them  is  when
you're  going  to  die if you don't. That way you stay ahead. The
secret of healthy hitch-hiking is to eat junk food."
They looked at the pile that lay in their path with suspicion. It
looked so good it made them almost dizzy with hunger.
"Look at it this way," said Ford, "er ..."
"Yes?" said Arthur.
"I'm trying to think of a way of looking at it which means we get
to eat it," said Ford.
The leaf-dappled sun gleamed on the  pulp  skins  of  the  things
which looked like pears. The things which looked like raspberries
and strawberries were fatter and riper than any Arthur  had  ever
seen, even in ice cream commercials.
"Why don't we eat them and think about it afterwards?" he said.
"Maybe that's what they want us to do."
"Alright, look at it this way ..."
"Sounds good so far."
"It's there for us to eat. Either it's good or it's  bad,  either
they  want  to  feed us or to poison us. If it's poisonous and we
don't eat it they'll just attack us some other way. If  we  don't
eat, we lose out either way."
"I like the way you're thinking," said Ford, "Now eat one."
Hesitantly, Arthur picked up one of those things that looked like
pears.
"I always thought that about the  Garden  of  Eden  story,"  said
Ford.
"Eh?"
"Garden of Eden. Tree. Apple. That bit, remember?"
"Yes of course I do."
"Your God person puts an apple tree in the middle of a garden and
says do what you like guys, oh, but don't eat the apple. Surprise
surprise, they eat it  and  he  leaps  out  from  behind  a  bush
shouting  `Gotcha'.  It wouldn't have made any difference if they
hadn't eaten it."
"Why not?"
"Because if you're dealing with somebody  who  has  the  sort  of
mentality  which  likes  leaving hats on the pavement with bricks
under them you know perfectly well they won't  give  up.  They'll
get you in the end."
"What are you talking about?"
"Never mind, eat the fruit."
"You know, this place almost looks like the Garden of Eden."
"Eat the fruit."
"Sounds quite like it too."
Arthur took a bite from the thing which looked like a pear.
"It's a pear," he said.
A few moments later, when they had eaten the  lot,  Ford  Prefect
turned round and called out.
"Thank you. Thank you very much," he called, "you're very kind."
They went on their way.
For the next fifty miles of their journey eastward they  kept  on
finding  the  occasional  gift  of fruit lying in their path, and
though they once or twice had a quick glimpse of  a  native  man-
creature amongst the trees, they never again made direct contact.
They decided they rather liked a race of people who made it clear
that they were grateful simply to be left alone.
The fruit and berries stopped after fifty miles, because that was
where the sea started.
Having no pressing calls on their time  they  built  a  raft  and
crossed  the  sea. It was reasonably calm, only about sixty miles
wide and they had a reasonably pleasant crossing,  landing  in  a
country that was at least as beautiful as the one they had left.
Life was, in short, ridiculously easy and for a  while  at  least
they  were  able  to  cope  with  the problems of aimlessness and
isolation by deciding  to  ignore  them.  When  the  craving  for
company  became  too  great they would know where to find it, but
for the moment they were happy to feel  that  the  Golgafrinchans
were hundreds of miles behind them.
Nevertheless, Ford Prefect began to use his Sub-Etha Sens-O-Matic
more often again. Only once did he pick up a signal, but that was
so faint and from such enormous distance that  it  depressed  him
more than the silence that had otherwise continued unbroken.
On a whim they turned northwards. After weeks of travelling  they
came to another sea, built another raft and crossed it. This time
it was harder going,  the  climate  was  getting  colder.  Arthur
suspected  a streak of masochism in Ford Prefect - the increasing
difficulty of the journey seemed to give him a sense  of  purpose
that was otherwise lacking. He strode onwards relentlessly.
Their journey northwards  brought  them  into  steep  mountainous
terrain  of breathtaking sweep and beauty. The vast, jagged, snow
covered peaks ravished their senses. The cold began to bite  into
their bones.
They wrapped themselves in  animal  skins  and  furs  which  Ford
Prefect  acquired by a technique he once learned from a couple of
ex-Pralite monks running a Mind-Surfing resort in  the  Hills  of
Hunian.
The galaxy is littered with ex-Pralite monks, all  on  the  make,
because the mental control techniques the Order have evolved as a
form of devotional discipline are,  frankly,  sensational  -  and
extraordinary  numbers  of  monks leave the Order just after they
have finished their devotional training and just before they take
their final vows to stay locked in small metal boxes for the rest
of their lives.
Ford's technique seemed to consist mainly of standing still for a
while and smiling.
After a while an animal - a deer perhaps - would appear from  out
of  the  trees  and  watch him cautiously. Ford would continue to
smile at it, his eyes would soften and shine, and he  would  seem
to radiate a deep and universal love, a love which reached out to
embrace all of creation. A wonderful quietness would  descend  on
the  surrounding countryside, peaceful and serene, emanating from
this transfigured man. Slowly the deer would  approach,  step  by
step,  until  it  was almost nuzzling him, whereupon Ford Prefect
would reach out to it and break its neck.
"Pheromone control," he said it was, "you just have to  know  how
to generate the right smell."
=================================================================
Chapter 31
A few days after landing in this  mountainous  land  they  hit  a
coastline  which swept diagonally before them from the south-west
to the north-east,  a  coastline  of  monumental  grandeur:  deep
majestic ravines, soaring pinnacles of ice - fjords.
For two further days they scrambled and climbed  over  the  rocks
and glaciers, awe-struck with beauty.
"Arthur!" yelled Ford suddenly.
It was the afternoon of the second day. Arthur was sitting  on  a
high rock watching the thundering sea smashing itself against the
craggy promontories.
"Arthur!" yelled Ford again.
Arthur looked to  where  Ford's  voice  had  come  from,  carried
faintly in the wind.
Ford had gone to examine a glacier, and Arthur  found  him  there
crouching  by  the  solid  wall  of  blue  ice. He was tense with
excitement - his eyes darted up to meet Arthur's.
"Look," he said, "look!"
Arthur looked. He saw the solid wall of blue ice.
"Yes," he said, "it's a glacier. I've already seen it."
"No," said Ford, "you've looked  at  it,  you  haven't  seen  it.
Look!"
Ford was pointing deep into the heart of the ice.
Arthur peered - he saw nothing but vague shadows.
"Move back from it," insisted Ford, "look again."
Arthur moved back and looked again.
"No," he said, and shrugged. "What am I supposed  to  be  looking
for?"
And suddenly he saw it.
"You see it?"
He saw it.
His mouth started to speak, but his brain decided it  hadn't  got
anything  to say yet and shut it again. His brain then started to
contend with the problem of what  his  eyes  told  it  they  were
looking  at,  but  in  doing so relinquished control of the mouth
which promptly fell open again. Once more gathering up  the  jaw,
his  brain  lost  control  of  his  left hand which then wandered
around in an aimless fashion. For a second or so the brain  tried
to  catch  the  left  hand  without  letting  go of the mouth and
simultaneously tried to think about what was buried in  the  ice,
which  is probably why the legs went and Arthur dropped restfully
to the ground.
The thing that had been causing  all  this  neural  upset  was  a
network  of shadows in the ice, about eighteen inches beneath the
surface. Looked at it from the right angle they resolved into the
solid  shapes of letters from an alien alphabet, each about three
feet  high;  and  for  those,  like  Arthur,  who  couldn't  read
Magrathean  there  was  above  the  letters the outline of a face
hanging in the ice.
It was an old face, thin  and  distinguished,  careworn  but  not
unkind.
It was the face of the man who had won an award for designing the
