"No, you're thinking of another similar story," scoffed the 
RADAR Ranger. "I nearly got into a fist fight that 
evening with Fritz Hairtrigger, the District Sales Manager 
for Km.P.H. Industries, the manufacturer of the K-15, the 
RADAR gun I used to bring in my sister."
The mountain biker leaned forward in his chair, his 
rapidly moving diaphragm beating into the table's edge 
with each breath. The ranger sensed the cyclist's interest 
and continued without pause:
"Fritz was far older than I, but his strength was 
overpowering. I didn't stand a chance against his superior 
skills and lightning movements. Within moments I was 
on my back, unconscious. I faintly remember strong arms 
lifting me off the broken-glass and whiskey-strewn floor, 
but nothing more. When I came to, I found myself on a 
quilted German federdecke covering a bed in the San 
Rafael Hilton. I was alone in the room. But as my eyes 
cleared and found their focus, I realized not quite alone: 
everywhere were books -- books on dresser tops, along 
window sills, on top of the color t.v., lining the bottom of 
the gray-tiled shower stall. And not ordinary books, 
either. No, these were the works of authors I had rarely 
heard mentioned at the Academy: Hegel, Kierkegaard, 
Nietsche, Shopenhauer, Heidegger, Machiavelli I 
"I was thumbing through the volumes, encountering 
phrases like aber fast alles, was sie erzahlt, deutet doch 
darauf hin, dass sie ihren Stiller nur durch sein schlectes 
Gewissen glaubte fesseln zu konnen, durch seine Angst, 
ein Versager zu sein and Wer er denn selber ware? fragte 
man ihn, und er besann sich. Gott weiss es! sagte er: Gott 
weiss es, gestern noch meinte ich es zu wissen, aber 
heute, da ich erwach bin, wie soll ich es wissen? It was 
like nothing I had ever encountered before. I sat there, for 
how many hours I don't know, gorging myself on these 
mysterious, but powerful words and ideas, wishing I 
could read German. Filling my mind with such thoughts 
that I completely forgot myself! And in that same 
moment I understood the meaning of possibility.
"It was in a moment of egotistical rapture such as I'm 
describing to you that he entered the hotel room through 
the sliding French doors. At first I though he was 
management, coming to question me ... to ask me what I 
thought I was doing in this room which I had not 
reserved or paid for. But I quickly dismissed this 
suspicion when I saw the intensity of his features. He 
moved close to the circle of books in whose center I 
crouched and put his face close to mine. I recognized him 
as the man with whom I had fought the night before. But 
now I recognized him as no ordinary man at all! His eyes 
flickered with the faint afterglow of an LED readout and 
the curve of his prominent ears insured that no 
rebounding echo would be lost to empty space. I 
understood everything at that instant. I mean, the moment 
I saw him, saw his splendor, I became nothing. All my 
conceptions, even my overriding guilt and shame, 
became completely unimportant.
"As he talked at me and described his life and explained 
what I could become, my past burned away from me like 
the green flap of a roasting ear of corn. My life appeared 
to me as if I had risen from it and was peering at it from a 
distance. All around me, ashes. Nothing was left but what 
this extraordinary creature had to give me."
The cyclist continued to sit on the edge of his chair, his 
face twisted into a mixture of bewilderment and 
apprehension. "And so you decided to become a disciple 
of Fritz Hairtrigger?" he asked. The RADAR Ranger 
remained silent for a second, then spoke.
"'Decided' may not be the right word. You can say I 
decided to become a disciple of Fritz Hairtrigger, or you 
can say I didn't decide to become a disciple of Fritz 
Hairtrigger. Or you can call me indecisive even though it 
may not have been inevitable in the first place. Just let 
me say that after he talked at me, I saw no other course of 
action but the one I followed, even if the decision wasn't 
mine."
The RADAR Ranger was peering through the darkened 
window again. When he stopped talking, the cyclist felt 
his ears throb with the silence. When the throbbing began 
to quiet, he could discern noises from outside the 
window -- crickets chirping as they leaped away from 
predators, the zinging of telephone wires in the evening 
breeze.
"What did he talk about?" questioned the mountain biker, 
his apprehension and madly twitching fingers fueled by 
nervous energy.
"He talked of my need to transcend my irrational fear of 
scientific truth and my tendency to subjugate that truth to 
emotional perceptions. He said that behavior in the 
modern age must be guided not by moral pieties but by 
technical expertise."
"What technical expertise?" interjected the mountain 
biker, a little unsure of the philosophical jargon he had 
just heard.
With his broad back turned to him, the RADAR Ranger 
responded with a subtlety the cyclist failed to perceive. 
"I'm surprised to hear you ask the question rather than 
give the answer. It's a technology that you yourself have 
but recently submitted to -- RADAR.
"RADAR?" half-laughed the cyclist.
"RADAR is the scientific truth that allows modern homo 
sapiens to rise above the extraordinary and inordinate 
malice of fortune, to control the means of peaceful 
violence I there is simply no comparison between a 
person who is armed with RADAR and one who is not."
The cyclist stared in the direction of the ranger's gaze, but 
not finding the answer to his next question in the 
reflective pane of glass, he asked, "Peaceful violence?"
"Yes, peaceful violence," snapped the RADAR Ranger. 
"The master of peaceful violence, although often 
misrepresented as an advocate of self-serving despotism 
by a few, uses RADAR to provide for the well being of 
his citizens, if only to calm their rebelliousness." With 
these words, the ranger turned his head away from the 
window and drowned the gaze of the mountain biker with 
his black stare.
Quickly changing the subject that had gone so far astray 
of his purpose, the cyclist asked, "Exactly how did Fritz 
change you then, sir?"
"I can't put it into words," reflected the RADAR Ranger. 
"I can explain it, encase it in words, so that you can 
understand the value of it. But I can't present it so you 
feel it any more than I can describe the feeling of issuing 
one's first speeding citation."
The mountain biker furrowed his brow as if he had 
another question, but the RADAR Ranger continued 
before he could ask it. "I've already told you that Fritz 
understood the relation of modern technology to society. 
He knew it intimately and personally. Action is the most 
direct path to understanding and it was through action 
that Fritz lead me through my change.
"I know little of Fritz's history, of his past actions. My 
understanding goes back a meager three months before I 
weakly faced him that evening in the bar. He claimed he 
was the Marketing Director of Km.P.H. Industries, 
manufacturers of the legendary K-15 RADAR gun. I 
don't doubt that it was Fritz who made the gun into the 
legend it is, but I don't have enough information at hand 
to tell you how he did it. He doesn't talk about it himself. 
I do know what he told me, the he left his offices in 
Nosferatu, Kansas, to open a new branch of Km.P.H. on 
the west coast, here in San Rafael. At least, opening a 
branch office was the excuse he used to leave Nosferatu. 
His real purpose was far greater and his encounter with 
me brought him that much closer to realizing his goals.
The Change
"I was feverish and weak from my initial, violent 
encounter with Fritz in the bar. When he returned to his 
hotel room the next day and found me pouring over his 
volumes, my eyes were red and swollen not only from 
hours of endless reading but also from a high-grade fever 
that had spread throughout my body. When I said I 
needed medical attention, he just laughed in his coarse 
way and said that action would be my cure. 'What action,' 
I asked him. 'You'll see shortly,' he answered. Then he 
flung me over his shoulder as if I were an afterthought 
from a Weight Watchers (TM) advertisement and left the 
hotel with such speed that we appeared as no more than 
fleeting shadows to the hotel personnel working in the 
hallways and lobby.
"In the parking lot, he tossed me into the passenger seat 
of a highway cruiser. By this time I was delirious with 
the fever, but I managed to ask him how he had acquired 
a fully equipped highway vehicle. Without looking at me 
as he pulled out of the parking lot and worked his way 
onto the northbound lane of Highway 101, he simply 
stated that a man of technological action could do 
anything. Then he proceeded to speed on, effortlessly 
darting among cars and lanes of traffic without hesitation. 
I'm sure we appeared to the vehicles around us as we had 
appeared to the hotel personnel: a fleeting shadow 
because no one looked up at us in consternation or 
honked a horn in frustration. On our high speed trip, we 
raced by many locations where I knew RADAR-
e quipped patrol cars to be stationed. Yet, no chases 
ensued and no flashing red lights appeared in our rear 
view mirror.
"I was by this time extremely ill and weary of the 
outcome of the high-speed car ride. 'Take me to a doctor,' 
I pleaded. When he did not answer me after many such 
pleas, I began to murmur (incoherently he later claimed, 
with little sympathy). 'I want to die.  Let me die. It's 
within your power to let me die. Please.' He never 
acknowledged me nor looked in my direction. He was 
determined to make me a man of action."
"Would he in any other circumstances have let you go?" 
asked the mountain biker. "I mean, if he had sensed you 
were really dying?"
"I don't know to this day. Knowing Fritz the way I know 
him now, I doubt that he would have let me go under any 
circumstances. But it didn't matter because this was what 
I really wanted. My old self was whimpering, but that 
part of me that was becoming conscious of a new and 
powerful aspect of life was laughing with sheer 
excitement. I wanted what was happening as much as 
Fritz did."
The cyclist screwed up his face, but before he could open 
his dry lips, the RADAR Ranger said, "You were going 
to ask me 'What WAS happening,' weren't you? Men of 
technological action like Fritz and myself can read the 
slightest change in a facial expression as easily as we can 
interpret a question asked in our own tongue. It's an 
infallible instinct from which no violator of the speed 
laws can escape with false IDs and elaborate excuses."
"What was happening?" the ranger repeated. "Fritz pulled 
the car over to the side of the road, leaving it in complete 
view to both directions of traffic, and pulled the K-15 
RADAR gun off the dashboard clip. He pushed the 
power switch to on, turned the range and Doppler audio 
signal dials to their maximum settings, and flicked the 
standby transmitter button to make the unit invisible to 
radar detectors. Then he swung the gun up into the 
oncoming lane of traffic and pulled back on the trigger 
switch to lock in the speed of a car bearing down on us. 
The LED in the target display showed 73 in red, boxy 
numbers. 'That's a speed that'll add at least $75 to the 
state's treasury,' mused Fritz.
"Wait a minute," blurted out the mountain biker with his 
eyes anchored on the floor, afraid to face the RADAR 
Ranger. "What about the tuning fork test. What about a 
traffic survey to detect possible causes of RADAR 
interference? What about ..."
"What about?" mimicked the ranger in the cyclists high-
pitched, concerned tone. "He did all of these things, 
though I didn't tell you. You're a very knowledgeable 
fellow who's obviously done his homework. Now would 
you like to tell the tale or should I continue?"
Without waiting for the mountain biker to look up, the 
RADAR Ranger want on. "After a minute, Fritz pointed 
down the fast lane of the northbound traffic. 'Here comes 
a Miata with mag wheels and a shiny new coat of candy-
apple red paint. The young female driving looks like she 
knows what she's up to. Let's see exactly what she is up 
to.' And Fritz spun the gun up with blinding speed and 
pulled the trigger. At least he said he did because the 
movement of his index finger was so fast, I couldn't 
detect even a blur inside the metal trigger housing. He 
turned the back of the gun with the target lock display to 
me and smiled. It showed '73' in its glass-front panel. 
'She's yours, Gordon,' he said."
The cyclist made a soft, rapid clicking sound with his 
front teeth when the RADAR Ranger said his own name. 
"Yes, that's my real name," he admitted and continued his 
story.
"I remember feeling moisture from the Bay adding to the 
collection of sweat forming on my forehead. 'No, I can't 
do that,' I cried out. 'It wouldn't work anyway -- we're not 
officially on duty. What we're doing is illegal,' I said out 
loud while fearing inwardly the painful similarities 
between this speeding violation and the one involving my 
sister. 'I don't want to be guilty of issuing an illegal 
speeding ticket. I can't live if I let this happen.' Fritz 
grabbed my shoulders with his immensely powerful 
hands and shook me until I begged him off. I sat there 
helpless in the face of my own cowardice and guilt. 'I 
didn't think you really wanted to die over a speeding 
ticket, Gordon,' he said disdainfully. It's not worth 
languishing to death for. Besides, think of the lives you 
could save by issuing this ticket. How many people are 
killed every year by speedsters like this red-blooded, 
young girl. Who could blame you for saving lives? On-
duty or off-duty is inconsequential ... I'll see to that.'
"But there was no time in Fritz' plan for me to make a 
decision, there was only time for Fritz' plan. When the 
red Miata sped past our seemingly invisible location on 
the side of the highway, Fritz went into pursuit. There 
was no contest and he had the Miata pulled over to the 
side of the road less than 3/4 of a mile from where we 
first began the chase. 'Listen to me, Gordon,' he said, 'I've 
brought you to this time and place so you can put your 
past aside and discover a far richer life.' He said these 
words with great authority and I wanted to believe him. 
'Get out of the car now, step around to the driver's side of 
that Miata, and write her up. There's nothing more to it 
than that. Free yourself.'
The mountain biker's eyes grew large. He had sunk 
further into the unyielding oak-backed office chair as the 
RADAR Ranger spoke, his face tensed for the words the 
ranger was yet to say.
" 'I can't,' I pleaded with him. 'It's not right -- it goes 
against all the principles I work by.' He simply kept his 
cold gaze centered on me and said, 'You make it right. It's 
not going to kill you.' I think back on that time, and I 
can't help but despise him. Not because what he said was 
wrong, but because he said it with a complete lack of 
respect and humility. He could have tried to calm me, to 
guide me to the point where I could have written up the 
citation without filling myself with angst. But he didn't. 
His strategy, if he had a strategy at all, was to push. He 
was never the RADAR Ranger I am. Never.' It was clear 
to the cyclist that the ranger was not boasting. He said 
these words as if he actually would have had it turn out 
differently.
"But I could not withstand his strength of will. I slid out 
from under his loosened grasp, opened the car door, and 
walked around to the young woman still seated behind 
her leather-covered steering wheel. She already had her 
license out and handed it to me without a question. When 
I was through with it, she presented me with the car's 
registration. And again no verbal exchange of any kind 
took place between us. The entire affair took less than ten 
minutes, she pulling back onto the freeway when it was 
over while I closed the door soundlessly beside me as I 
sat down next to a smiling Fritz.
"Have you ever done something that was in such sharp 
contrast to your normal experiences that it hurt just to 
think about it, but, at the same time, felt so exhilarating 
that you thought about doing it over and over?" the 
ranger addressed the mountain biker.
The cyclist formed the word no  with his tight lips, but 
the word made no audible sound. He cleared his throat 
and the word finally spilled out for the ranger to hear.
"I felt that mixed exhilaration then for the first time," 
confessed the RADAR Ranger. He looked for a long time 
at his reflection in the window pane. Then he said, "The 
thought of it prickled the hair all over my body, sent a 
jolt of sensation through me that was close to the pleasure 
of passion." He mused in silence a moment longer. 
"Within seconds I was weakened to a state of paralysis. 
Panic stricken, I couldn't force myself to speak. Fritz held 
me tightly in the front of the patrol car. 'Steady, Gordon,' 
he commanded. 'Don't try to speak. This is the first time 
you've issued a speeding citation and understood. 
Actually understood! You'll feel weak at first, but your 
strength will return with an enhanced vibrancy. You'll 
find your mind and body both focused upon a new life 
spirit."
The RADAR Ranger paused, then frowned. "How sad it 
is to talk of such things whose meaning can't be 
understood with words alone." The mountain biker 
slipped lower in his chair, hoping the ranger wouldn't 
look at him directly.
"At first, I saw nothing but an unnatural white light 
rushing to surround and cut me off from the interior of 
the patrol car. The light hid Fritz from me, too. Then the 
pounding started in my head, growing louder and louder. 
It was as if some great, heavy-footed creature of light 
was devouring me. And once that creature had finished 
its meal, another creature, pounding its hooves into my 
belly and following the beat of its own drum, took its 
meal of me, too. Soon, too many creatures to count were 
tearing me apart at once, each struggling over an arm, a 
leg, or a part of my neck for their feeding. The frenzy 
passed into all my senses, into the throbbing of my finger 
tips, into the wispy flesh of my temples. Do you 
understand," he shouted at the cyclist, "it was because I 
had written that speeding citation!"
The mountain biker trembled in his small, lifeless chair. 
"No .... I mean ... I'm not sure ..., sir" he stammered.
"Of course, you're not sure ... you couldn't possibly 
know," the ranger broke in. "I saw and understood like a 
RADAR Ranger for the first time."
"What happened next," ventured the cyclist, large beads 
of perspiration snaking down his forehead and onto the 
ends of his lashes.
"Fritz was still sitting next to me when this new fever 
passed out of my body. I don't know how long it had 
taken and I suppose it doesn't matter, either. When I 
looked upon his face, he had changed, or, at least the way 
I saw him, had changed. Before, he had seemed pale and 
almost insubstantial in his coloring. Now, he seemed to 
pulse with life from within and that pulsing caused him to 
appear radiant. And then I noticed that it was not just 
Fritz who had changed, but all things that came into my 
view.
"Colors and shapes -- it was as if I had never seen them 
before. The stitches around the button holes on Fritz' 
cotton fabric shirt excited my attention for many minutes. 
The patterns they cut through the cotton were the most 
amazing I could have ever imagined. Then a foghorn 
blast from the Bay played a full and long symphony of 
strings, winds, and percussion for me. It was at first 
disturbing, each sound colliding with the next, until I 
learned to separate and enhance the quality of each. The 
symphony in my head continued until a new sound 
entered, breaking up the previous melodies and 
harmonies. At last I recognized it as Fritz' laughter.
" 'What's happening to me. Have you stuck some drug 
into my veins?' I cried.
" 'You're turning into a RADAR Ranger, you fool. You're 
changing, yes, but you still have your reason. Now, take 
your eyes off my button holes, and calm yourself. We 
have more to learn tomorrow. What we need now is rest.'
"Are we going back to the hotel, then," I asked. 'No,' he 
answered, swiftly reaching to the back seat, pulling it up 
and then forward to reveal a Lycra (TM)-lined sleeping 
space that extended into the trunk of the patrol car.
"That black hole frightened me more than I can tell you. I 
pleaded with Fritz to let me sleep in the front seat, but he 
only laughed, obviously puzzled. 'You really don't know 
what you've become, do you?'"
I'd been claustrophobic my entire life -- as a small boy, I 
had great difficulty just getting my body to function 
whenever I stood alone in front of the john with the door 
closed in our small, one-bathroom home. Now I was 
supposed to crawl into a space the size of a mummy bag 
whose features I couldn't see and with a man who 
terrified me.
Fritz and I argued, shouting inanities back and forth. But 
while we argued, I came to realize that, at that moment, I 
actually felt no fear looking into the opening of the trunk. 
What I was afraid of, I realized, were my memories of 
being enclosed. I was hanging onto memories that no 
longer had meaning for me in my altered state. 'You're 
acting like a fool,' Fritz finally said. 'This fear you talk 
about has nothing to do with you at all. It's out of you 
now. You sound like a man who has had his tonsils or 
appendix removed and still complains about the pain 
where those organs used to be.' Well, that statement had a 
profound effect on me. It was the most intelligent thing 
Fritz had ever said to me and it jolted me awake as much 
as if he had thrown a bucket of cold water on me. 'I'm 
getting into that trunk right now,' said Fritz, 'and if you 
have any senses at all, you'll get in without another lame 
word.' I did. It was the first of many nights we were to 
sleep on the road."
The cyclist moved his arm as if to interrupt the RADAR 
Ranger. "What ..."
"I'm not letting you ask enough questions, am I," said the 
ranger. "You were going to ask what happened that 
night."
"Well .... yes," fidgeted the mountain biker on the edge of 
his seat.
"Absolutely nothing. I slept the sleep of the dead, perhaps 
I should say 'damned,' as I imagine Fritz did also. The 
next morning, before dawn, I awoke and felt the change 
in me. The first thing I noticed was Fritz himself, still 
asleep on his back in his half of the trunk. Looking down 
on him from above as I was doing, I felt nothing but 
disdain for him. He was still my superior in all things, but 
the gulf between us had narrowed since the previous 
evening. Before issuing that speeding ticket, Fritz was 
close to incomprehensible to me -- a magical Peter Pan 
who both frightened and excited me, a being whom I 
couldn't possibly hope to understand. Now he was for me 
a far more comprehensible Captain Hook whom I 
couldn't pretend to admire.
"Oh!" the mountain biker interjected. "When you say the 
distance between you two had narrowed, you mean he no 
longer deluded you."
"Yes," said the ranger with obvious relish. "That 
morning, after Fritz woke, we drove south along the 
length of 101 to a turnoff just before the Golden Gate 
Bridge that led to the Marin Headlands. The entire time 
Fritz kept up a constant and boring monologue that I 
found quite disheartening. He talked about the weather. 
He talked about Silicon Valley software company 
mergers. As he turned right off the highway onto the 
headlands steep frontage road, he started talking about 
Madonna's newest musical video. It was all so shallow 
and ... and so incredibly uncaring for me and the radical 
changes he had pushed me into. Then in the very next 
breath, while he pulled into an off-road parking space in 
front of a WWI bunker not more than two hundred yards 
up the hill from the highway exit and, following a long 
discourse on diverting water from the Russian River to 
fuel new development in Marin County, he suddenly 
turned his gaze away from the windshield and said to me, 
'Gordon, it's time you bring to justice your first real 
speeding violator. I don't simply mean issuing those 
mom-and-pop citations the way you used to -- the way 
you did with your sister. Even the way you did last night. 
I mean bringing in the big ticket speeders with Knowing 
and Understanding.'
"When he mentioned my sister, my heart froze mid-beat. 
We had never discussed my sister and I didn't know how 
he could have found out about her. No one outside our 
immediate family was aware of Jackie's situation. 'How 
do you know about my sister?' I screamed in his face. 
Grinning a yellow smile, he answered, 'Your fame eludes 
you, Gordon. It's because of how you handled your 
sister's crime that I'm offering you this freedom.'
" 'Crime?' I said in disbelief. 'Her speeding wasn't a 
crime, at least not the way you mean it. She didn't stay 
awake nights plotting the fastest route from Terra Linda 
to Novato. If you're going to blame anyone, blame fate ... 
a warm, sunny day and a new convertible car caused a 
beautiful, young girl to daydream and slip ever so slightly 
over the speed limit. That's not a crime!'
" 'Gordon, speeding is a crime, no matter how fast you're 
going. That's why we have posted speed limits and 
RADAR to enforce those limits.' Fritz stopped here and 
cracked his knuckles, one by one, his cold grey eyes 
holding me in check. When the last of his gnarled joints 
had popped, he laughed out loud. 'Fate. What the devil is 
Fate, Gordon? Is it Fate that brings you the joy of 
winning the lottery? No, it's you willing yourself to walk 
into the store and buy the winning ticket. Is it Fate that 
bankrupts your business? No, it's the vote you willingly 
cast for the wrong candidate in the last election. Is it Fate 
that's responsible for the neighbor's cat being run over by 
a speeding driver? No, it's the driver willingly pushing 
the throttle beyond the acceptable limits and not being 
able to brake the car in time. Is it Fate that intervened 
when you and your sister met on the side of the highway 
that day? No, Gordon, it wasn't Fate ... you wanted to be 
there and you wanted to issue that ticket! And you did 
and that's why I can set you free.'
"Every muscle in my body was straining to tear loose 
from its ligaments and smother that monster beside me 
until the last arrogant flame of knowing flickered out of 
his eyes. While I managed to control my rage, I could do 
nothing to check the deep pain that pulsed to the marrow 
of my bones. Pulsed because I knew he was right. I had 
wanted to catch my sister speeding and write her up; it 
was only now that I could admit it. I was as evil as Fritz 
and, at that moment, I hated myself as much as I hated 
him."
"Excuse me," said the cyclist, "but weren't you just 
letting the situation manipulate your feelings and it only 
seemed to you that ...."
"No," the RADAR Ranger cut him short. "I know what 
I'm saying and I'm not finding fault with you for not 
understanding -- you are only a mountain biker, after all."
The Presidio
The cyclist shifted uneasily in his chair, trying to hide his 
trembling by pushing it through the narrow, uneven knot 
hole he knew was opening somewhere between his 
Durango (TM) SPD Compatible MTB shoes in the gloom 
of Sky Oaks. Waiting for the ranger to resume his tale, he 
clasped his hands tightly together.
The ranger, sensing his audience's unease, reached across 
the table and grasped the cyclist's shoulder. "Excuse me," 
he said. "I didn't mean to frighten you. You wanted to 
hear my story and I'm telling you all of it, even those 
parts that I find troubling. Don't let it bother you."
The mountain biker slowly nodded his quiet agreement 
without looking up and the RADAR Ranger went on.
"I had never thought of myself as evil, evil in the Biblical 
sense, but I did so know. Powerful and evil. Evil and 
powerful. Evil alive. No matter how I looked at it, it 
spelled the same thing forwards and backwards. With 
these palindromic thoughts spiralling in my head, Fritz 
reached over and touched the black plastic dash panel in 
front of me. 'I've got a little surprise for you,' he said, the 
corners of his mouth curling up into a partial smile. 'I've 
taken the liberty of having your patrol car tuned up.'
" 'What are you talking about,' I said. 'My car wasn't 
scheduled for any maintenance. You couldn't have got it 
out of the yard anyway, you don't have the authorization.'
" 'You'd be surprised at what I'm capable of doing, 
Gordon. In fact, if your current reaction is any indication, 
you're going to be really surprised when you find out 
what you're capable of doing yourself. But all that in its 
own time.' With that, he backed out of the dirt parking 
space in front of the weathered concrete bunker and 
drove back down the steep access road to the stretch of 
101 crossing the Golden Gate Bridge. We rode in silence 
across the mile-long span, until he pulled over to the far 
right-hand lane just before the toll booth, and looked over 
at me as if to say, 'Watch this.' We waited our turn in line 
before drawing up to the toll window. A sign demanded 
$7 to cross onto the San Francisco side of the windy gate. 
Fritz looked up at the young female toll keeper and 
smiled that little, half crooked Jack Nicolson smile of his. 
She smiled back and the toll light flashed green, thanking 
him for the $7 that hadn't left the back of his wallet. Fritz 
drove through, grinning like Jack Nicolson turned 
Cheshire cat.
"He took a sharp right at the very next exit and headed 
into what was left of the Presidio. I used to roam around 
in there when I was kid, right after it was closed down. 
Probably before you were born and before the city 
declared the old army base off-limits to the public. The 
public wouldn't want to go in there now, anyway, at least 
from what I saw of it that morning. Fritz seemed to know 
his way around, though. He followed a weed-cracked 
thoroughfare for a distance, then turned onto a broken-up 
side street and wound his way through a bevy of what 
looked like officer homes and finally pulled to a stop next 
to an old warehouse buried at the base of a eucalyptus-
covered hillock. The wooden service door through which 
city employees used to unload the military-contracted big 
Mac's and Mercedes and Volvos hung down listlessly 
from one corner of the open entrance.
" 'Let's go inside and unwrap your present,' said a 
grinning Fritz and pulled me outside the car with a 
strength that still overwhelmed me. Sunlight reflected 
brightly off the dirty stuccoed walls and blinded my eyes 
to anything that may have been lurking at the edge of the 
entrance. The old building frightened me, I don't know 
why, even though we approached it in broad daylight. 
Perhaps as a defensive mechanism I momentarily tranced 
off into a daydream, then startled myself back to 
consciousness when I felt the soothing slap-slap echo of 
our approaching footfalls suddenly buried in the far 
corners of the building. We were standing at the edge of 
the entrance, the heels of our boots bathed in warm 
sunlight, the toes lost to the building's darkness.
"Waterfalls of light from small roof-line windows 
highlighted mounts of ancient dust, and disintegrating 
cardboard cartons that once held the tools of war 
clustered along the far walls. Against the wall directly 
opposite us a shrunken, dark shadow cautiously followed 
the broken line formed by the junction of wall, floor, and 
wooden crates. A building mired so deeply in purple 
prose as this one certainly harbored more than one 
diseased rat, you can be sure, but that's not what caught 
my attention. In the center of the warehouse was my 
patrol car, floating securely in the middle of a dusty 
ocean with tracks neither leading to nor from it through 
waves of dirt.
" 'Maybe they brought it in with a crane,' Fritz said 
reading my thoughts. 'A crane standing outside the 
entrance wouldn't have left any tracks inside, you know. 
Plop! the car comes down in the middle of the warehouse 
and no one knows any the better. Mystifying.'
" 'How did it get there, Fritz?' I asked as calmly as 
possible, not wanting to give him the satisfaction of my 
anger and confusion.
"Don't think it was done with a crane ... no, certainly not 
a crane. But time's a' wasting,' he laughed. 'Let's take a 
look at this new car of yours. He slipped the index finger 
of his right hand through my nearest belt loop and hauled 
me sideways across the open expanse to the object of his 
delight. The car didn't look any different from the 
outside -- same standard purple and yellow paint job, side 
view mirrors, lights, reinforced bumpers. Nothing really 
had been changed.
" 'Okay,' I said, struggling to pull his finger out of the 
loop without tearing the double-stitched cloth off my 
pants.' I don't see anything so remarkable here ... it all 
looks the same to me.'
" 'Open the hood and tell me what you see.' I was way 
ahead of him and had already punched the button with 
my thumb to open the driver-side door, then reached in 
and pulled back the hood-release latch underneath the 
dash on the right side of the steering wheel. The hood 
popped up an inch or so; I walked around to the front of 
the car and reached underneath the quavering hood with 
my upturned right hand, found the smooth surface of the 
internal latch and squeezed it back. The catch released 
and the hood lifted slowly and quietly up on its rear 
hinges. Moldy darkness quickly settled over the engine 
compartment, but my eyes began almost immediately to 
adjust to the dim light. I couldn't see anything different 
about the engine.
" 'Makes Stephen King's car, Christine, look like a little 
girl still hanging onto her mother's exhaust pipe, huh, 
Gordon?'
" 'I don't see anything different about this engine,' I shot 
back to him. 'You want this car to move, you'd put Cowl 
hood scoops up top. You've got to pump some extra air 
into the fuel injection system to make it really move.'"
The Mustang
"Fritz stood there looking at me with what seemed like 
pity in his eyes. Prolonging the moment by slowing 
puffing out his chest with air inhaled noisily through his 
nose, he finally broke the silence and hissed through his 
teeth, 'Gordon, I'll explain it as simply as I can for you. 
There is no Cowl induction hood, or any other typical 
induction scoops up top, for two good reasons: reason 
number one -- this is no typical car and reason number 
two -- we don't want people to catch on right away that 
this is no typical car. Put in a scoop and people know 
you've got something different. We don't want that, do 
we?'
"Fritz didn't wait for me to answer. 'Tell me to stop if I 
start to bore you, Gordon, but here's the real scoop. 
Stock, these Ford Mustang GT engines have a short block 
with forged pistons and connecting rods. Your block has 
been lowered to handle your new Paxton centrifugal 
supercharger forced induction system I we put it low 
enough so we didn't have to cut a hole in the hood and 
broadcast its presence to the world. Standard forged 
pistons and connecting rods can't handle the kind of 
power you're going to be cranking out, so we've replaced 
them with super tough Venola forged blower pistons, 
Crower rods with big, heavy, stiff bolts, and a 
magnefluxed crankshaft. This baby is going to rock 'n 
roll, Gordon, but it isn't going to do the Twist.'
" 'Okay, okay! I get the picture,' I said.
'No you don't,' he snapped at me. 'Listen and learn 
something -- you can't be a man of action if you don't 
listen first. Without the Paxton, your stock GT puts out 
about 12 pounds of boost per square inch, which adds up, 
in the engine's stock configuration, to roughly 225 horse 
power and 300 foot pounds of torque. Sissy stuff. With 
our little adjustments, it now kicks out 26 pounds of 
boost per square inch, or 600 horse power (at 6500 rpm) 
and 750 pounds of torque. Even had to have a special 
pulley and belt created to withstand that kind of power, a 
power that's going to blow your regular bearings through 
the bottom of the engine. So we replaced your old 3.02 
block with a bullet-proof 351 cubic inch SVO block with 
4-bolt main bearing caps. Ah, but we're not done, 
Gordon. Not done; no, not yet. I caught a glimpse of 
excitement in your eyes, didn't I. We pulled out your 
stock fuel injection system and replaced it with Ford 
Motorsport GT-40 fuel injectors. To make it really 
efficient, we tossed out all smog control devices -- stuff 
like catalytic converters, the smog pump, EGR gas 
recirculation and stuff like that. This is a hot car, Gordon; 
you'll have to roll your windows down to stay cool, 
though, because we dispensed with your air conditioning, 
a real horse-power hog. The old GT already comes with 
small exhaust manifold headers, but we couldn't leave 
them alone either. This old Mustang now passes gas 
through Cyclone Tubular Racing headers into large 
collectors connected to big ol' 2.5 inch exhaust pipes and 
two-chamber Flowmaster low restriction mufflers. She'll 
sound like a beast from hell when you fire her up.'
" 'I don't want a beast from hell, Fritz. I don't think I want 
any of this. You're crazy, and I don't think I want any part 
of you.'
"Still ignoring my comments and frustration, Fritz sped 
on. 'No way in the world your old rear end would stand 
up to the forces descending on her now, so we cut her 
bottom out and put in a tough Richmond 9 inch rear-end 
gear housing with axles. You need rubber on the road to 
make use of your new found power and torque, so we 
slipped on 315 Goodyear Gatorbacks, after cutting back 
the rear wheel wells, of course, so these monsters 
wouldn't stick out too far and attract undue attention. 
Koni gas-filled shocks all around suck up the Gs you'll be 
subjecting this little beauty to.'
" 'So, what's the bottom line?' beamed Fritz. 'With 3.55 
rear-end ring and pinion gears, this predator'll pop off the 
line and do 0 to 60 in 2.5 seconds, burning the quarter 
mile in 10.5 seconds. Turn off the nitrous oxide (I forgot 
to tell you about the nitrous oxide? Sorry about that -- use 
it with caution!) and I'm afraid she'll only hang in around 
3.0 for 0-60 and cross the quarter line in a disappointing 
11 seconds. I'll try to fix that next go 'round.'
" 'Don't thank me, not yet' continued Fritz. 'There's more 
... I'm surprised you didn't notice it when you first popped 
the hood's latch from the inside. I don't think you've quite 
got the knack for making the most of your heightened 
RADAR senses, yet,' Fritz smirked. 'Look over there 
under your regular computer console.' I listened to his 
words and traced my gaze along the broken outline of his 
outstretched finger to its curved end, then worked my 
way down the invisible, straight line that ran from his 
nail to a crowded spot below my state-issue computer 
screen and keyboard. Another electronic screen glowed 
faintly green there. Across its back-lit surface swarmed a 
tangle of intersecting lines.
" 'It's a map, that green glow you see there. What we have 
here is a rather sophisticated computer that puts to shame 
most of its electronic brethren. Of course, what you see 
here is only part of the computer; the rest of it is in orbit 
directly over the west coast at a rather constant altitude of 
123 miles. Wherever the car goes, the satellite beams its 
position to a database of coordinates digitally linked to 
the cities and streets you find yourself cruising through.'
"Gothic goes high-tech," whistled the almost-forgotten 
mountain biker under his breath.
"What was that?" questioned the RADAR Ranger, 
grudgingly returning his thoughts to Sky Oaks.
"Nothing, actually. I'm sorry to have interrupted your 
story, sir. Please go on with it -- it's all very fascinating."
The RADAR Ranger continued." 'Your car is this red 
dot,' elaborated Fritz. 'It's stationary now because the 
car's not moving. But when you're traveling on the road, 
the dot moves along the road's green squiggle on the 
screen.'
" 'This is all very interesting, but I don't see it's purpose. 
What do red dots and green lines have to do with 
anything?'
"Fritz stood there looking at me, the fingers of his left 
hand rasping back and forth across the gray stubble on 
his chin. " 'Gordon, I shouldn't have to show you 
everything. Take responsibility for your own freedom 
and see what you can discover on your own. We're not 
talking about Fate here ... we're talking about you taking 
action to become free. Listen and don't talk. The red dot 
is you. The green line shows where you are. Flip this 
little switch below the monitor and if any vehicles are 
within the territory covered by the monitor, they show up 
as blue dots. Now move the cursor over any blue dot with 
the track ball, and push the button to its right and, voila, 
the monitor displays the speed of the vehicle you're 
monitoring. Do you see the potential in this? Blind 
corners, dips in the road, mountain sides I none of these 
can hide speeders from you. You're rendered virtually 
omniscient.'
"I stood there in fascinated silence. Suddenly I was 
beginning to see and understand like a RADAR Ranger. 
Obstacles that got in the way of enforcing the law were 
demolished with the flick of a tiny, plastic switch. A 
plastic switch. " 'Good God,' I exclaimed. 'This is 
incredible.'
" 'It's more than that,' acknowledged Fritz. 'No matter 
how far away they are, you'll be on top of them before 
they can repeat 'Modified Ford Mustang in my rear view 
mirror.' There's only one catch to the whole operation and 
I'm sure it won't present any problems for you. I shouldn't 
even bother to mention it.'
" 'Mention it, Fritz. Mention it.'
"For this unit -- car and electronics -- to work properly, 
you've got to bring down five speeders a day. That's all. 
Nothing more. What are you responsible for now? 
Fifteen? Twenty? See how easy it is? Before long, you'll 
be tripling and quadrupling that number.'"
" 'Five speeders a day? Just five speeders a day?' I rolled 
the words around in my mouth, flicking them with my 
tongue here and there, savoring their simplicity. 'And I 
could increase that number as easily as you say? And all 
according to the law books?'
" 'Yes, to your first question, speeders will take to you 
like flies to sticky paper,' laughed Fritz. 'No, to your 
second question,' his eyes narrowing to tiny slits. 'What 
we're talking about here isn't written up in the law books. 
What we're talking about follows a much higher code I 
a much higher law. We're talking about the code followed 
by men of action who see to it that the products of 
science are used in the best interests of the people.'"
"Did you question his integrity, then?" quizzed the 
mountain biker. "Did you point out the flaws in his 
reasoning, in his misplaced sense of public trust?"
"I asked him when we could begin," replied the RADAR 
Ranger to the shocked cyclist.
"But what about your own sensibilities and internal sense 
of right and wrong, sir?" stammered the wide-eyed 
mountain biker.
The RADAR Ranger hesitated, and when he spoke there 
was a catch in his voice. "I admit that I made a mistake. 
But let me continue with my tale. I was about to relate 
the experience of my first citation, equipped as I was 
with that monstrous patrol car and all its electronic 
wizardry. It should be clear to you now that there was 
only one possible outcome. Do I have to tell you what 
that outcome was?"
When the suddenly passive mountain biker did not 
answer after several moments, the agitated ranger, 
rapping his knuckles against the scarred table top to a 
beat the cyclist could not identify, continued. "The 
outcome should be obvious to you -- Fritz blew it with his 
typical lack of empathy for me."
"Blew it, sir?" repeated the mountain biker.
"Right out his Flowmaster low restriction mufflers. I 
should never have started with full-sized passenger 
vehicles as he demanded. As with all my experiences 
involving Fritz, this was something I had to eventually 
learn on my own anyway. Fritz quite literally pushed me 
into the driver's seat and demanded that I follow him. 
'Just drive,' he ordered, 'and don't think twice about what 
happens.' There was plenty to think about, though. After I 
turned the key in the ignition and my vehicle fired up, it 
seemed to drive itself. I was there, sure, behind the 
steering wheel, with my feet working the pedals on the 
floor, but my presence only seemed coincidental. The 
instant those 315 Gatorbacks began spinning in the rear, 
the car shot forward, streaking out past the opening in the 
warehouse and into the air beyond the raised loading 
dock, coming down on those gas-filled Koni's with barely 
a jolt discernable in the cockpit. Just ahead of me, Fritz 
was maneuvering his car with the patient skill of an 
Indianapolis 500 driver, taking Presidio corners skidless 
at high speed, accelerating to redline velocity down short 
bridge approaches, threading his way seamlessly through 
heavy traffic as we crossed back over the Golden Gate 
Bridge and into Marin County along 101.
"We went through a rigorous driving school at the 
Academy, but what I practiced there could never have 
prepared me for what was happening now. Where I 
normally would drift through corners, I was holding tight 
to the road. Unexpected obstacles I cars or pedestrians 
cutting in front of me I should have been reasons for 
collisions, but were easily avoided. And what was most 
startling to me was that no one seemed to notice us. No 
one, not the toll keepers as we rocketed over 100 mph 
through the free-direction entrance of the bridge, not the 
drivers of passenger vehicles whose cars surely must 
have rock 'n rolled with the jet of air both proceeding and 
trailing us, not the pilots in the routine spotter planes 
circling above the highway, and not the RADAR-
equipped patrol cars camouflaged in among roadside 
billboards and shrubbery. We were masked to everyone 
but ourselves.
"You can imagine the fear and confusion I felt," confided 
the RADAR Ranger. "They're probably the only two 
emotions I have consistently through this tale. Had he 
had any sensibility and compassion, Fritz could have 
eased my fears with well-thought out explanations 
offered in soothing tones. He could have explained that I 
did not have to fear a high-speed collision or worry about 
striking down a pedestrian or of being pulled over by one 
of my fellow officers, but that I just needed to focus on 
the new experience that was enveloping me. Instead, his 
voiced crackled over my radio with condemnations and 
insults about my inability to take action. He was only 
interested in bringing down a speeder, completing my 
initiation, and moving onto his next abomination.
"About 15 miles north of the bridge, Highway 101 climbs 
over one of many small, partially wooded hills. It was at 
the base of this particular hill that Fritz shouted at me 
over the radio to look at my computer screen. 'The blue 
dots, you fool, don't you see the blue dots on the road 
ahead going down the other side of this stump of a hill. 
What a catch!' he continued to scream into the radio. 'If 
I'm not a RADAR Ranger with the eyes of a hungry 
panther, that looks like a convoy of five big rigs. What a 
feast, Gordon! This is your lucky day. Put the cursor over 
one of those blue meanies and get a speed readout.' I did 
as he said and my screen brightened with a reading of 
'74.'  Before I knew what was happening, the little switch 
below and to the left of my steering wheel snapped down 
of its own accord, nitrous oxide sped into the Ford 
Motorsport GT-40 fuel injectors, and the chase was over 
before it had time to begin."
"Did you give speeding tickets to the drivers of all five 
big rigs?" asked the mountain biker quietly. 
"Yes and no," replied the RADAR Ranger. "As usual, 
Fritz had only been partially correct in his observations. 
We had, indeed, brought down five speeding, highly 
visible vehicles. But they weren't big rigs. It was a 
convoy of motorhomes on their way to the Shakespeare 
Festival in Ashland, Oregon.  'Big rigs, motorhomes,' 
Fritz droned on after we had pulled up behind the last of 
the vacationing vehicles lining the shoulder of the road, 
'what difference does it make? You have the opportunity 
to take real action here, Gordon. Stop diddling around 
and do it. You can thank me later.'
"I stepped around to the driver's side of the first vehicle 
and froze. The driver of the motorhome was a gray-
haired, wrinkled gentleman of 78 and next to him was his 
wife of 55 years, gray-haired and wrinkled, too. They 
reminded me of my parents I my own flesh and blood! I 
couldn't take action against a couple like this. The 
memory of my own parents, of Jackie, really, was too 
powerful to escape. Fritz was, of course, outraged with 
me when he should have been saying and doing things to 
make this ticketing experience a rich, rewarding one."
"I don't understand what you mean," said the cyclist. 
"What things could he have said and done?"
"Bringing down speeders is no ordinary act," began the 
RADAR Ranger. "You don't simply gorge yourself on 
the distress and misery of the law breakers. No," he 
shook his head. "Writing up a citation is a celebration of 
life I of guaranteeing and sustaining a point of view that 
benefits so many. For RADAR Rangers, this is the 
highest experience." The ranger stated this most 
seriously, all the time looking at the mountain biker as if 
he were talking to someone who held contrary views. 
"I'm sure Fritz never fully appreciated the experience this 
way, at least I never saw him do so. Whatever," the 
ranger continued painfully, "Fritz did not bother to 
remind me of the exhilaration I had felt the previous 
evening after issuing the ticket to the red Miata, nor did 
he try to help me work through my current confusion and 
issue these tickets with dignity and understanding. He 
bolted through the whole process as if he wanted to be 
done with it as quickly as possible, like a little boy 
spooning broccoli into his mouth just to leave the dinner 
table and get on with his play time. All he said to me 
was, 'Do it. Don't be an ass.'"
"He'd beaten me emotionally into the ground already and 
I couldn't get up to refuse him," admitted the RADAR 
Ranger. "I went from motorhome to motorhome, writing 
up the old folks for the maximum fine. I was at first 
ashamed and embarrassed. But once I got beyond their 
tears and pleas for leniency ('This was going to ruin a 
beautiful trip and destroy an already fragile budget'), 
once I got into the moment, all my fears and frustrations 
vanished. I dined on the event with delirium.
"The pathetic crying of the old folks, Fritz' callousness, 
the thunder of the passing trafficQit was all enveloped, 
tamed, and then consumed by the unnatural white light 
and the beating of the blood coursing through my 
temples. My hands tingled with the rush of air pouring 
into my lungs and my feet floated dizzily above the 
ground. Then the vice-tight grip of Fritz pulled me back.
" 'You've already ticketed them once; you don't have to 
go around and give them each another ticket, you fool.' I 
was still in a citation frenzy and unable to regain my 
senses. I desperately wanted to write out as many tickets 
as I could and had my face pressed up against the waxy 
ear of one of the terrified drivers. I would have cited him 
on multiple violations if Fritz hadn't planted a powerful 
blow to my derriere. It was a sensational jolt that traveled 
up my spine I not painful I no I enlightening is the 
only way I can explain it to you. One moment I was 
becoming one with and feasting in the traffic court of the 
cosmos, then the next moment I found myself leaning 
against the door of my patrol car, the buzzing insects of 
the early evening clustering around the salty sweat 
soaking through my uniform, the motorhomes, Fritz later 
informed me, gone for minutes.
" 'One ticket only per law breaker,' Fritz was shouting at 
me. 'Writing two tickets at the same time is like bringing 
matter and anti-matter together. You can't survive the 
experience; your days of action will be over.' His voice 
upset me, put my nerves on end, but I sensed that what he 
was now telling me was, indeed, important to my 
survival as a RADAR Ranger.
I followed him without thinking back to his parked 
vehicle. Watching him walk in front of me, placing one 
regulation boot in front of the other, I suddenly realized 
the difference between us. For me, the writing of a 
speeding ticket with my new powers had been 
apocalyptic. It had changed my perception of everything, 
from my memories of Jackie to the sensation of a misty 
fog giving birth to dew drops on the hairs of my bare 
arms. I couldn't conceive of another RADAR Ranger 
taking similar experiences lightly. It had changed me; it 
had to have changed them, too, in profound ways. I 
experienced everything now with a new understanding 
and respect. Fritz, however, displayed none of these 
insights. He seemed to me to be the lunkhead of RADAR 
Rangers. I realized then that Fate had dealt me a cruel 
