should go out and take a look."
    Whitecloud and several others looked out at the elevator
"Your as good of a choice as any," she said "now that you are
experienced with the thing."
    Utlin flipped down his face shield and walked back on the
elevator.  The control pad had the two ovals on it with thumb
prints in the dust, it also had several other controls.  One
control was a graduated dial.  The dial had regular marks around
it with heavier lines forming an open bottom V at the top.  The
single mark on the dial was pointing straight down away from the
    "If this is the speed control," Utlin said "it appears to be
at half speed.  Which way should I turn it?"
    "Turn it slightly one way," Whitecloud said "then ride it up
again.  Your tricorder should be able to tell us if it goes
faster or slower."
    Utlin turned the dial a couple of centimeters to the right,
sat down then pushed the top oval.  He didn't even feel the
contraption begin to move.  It just felt like the grate came up
and smacked him in the back of the head.  When he came to, he
was looking up at the face of the medic on the Vigilante.
    "What happened?" Utlin whispered.
    "You passed out from a blow to the head, and sever
g-forces." The Medic said "It's a good thing you were wearing a
helmet."
    The medic then had Utlin remove his uniform jacket and
shirt, both of which were shredded and soaked with blood.
Utlin's upper back was cut in a grid pattern from slamming back
on the grate.
    Twenty minutes after stepping into the elevator shaft the
second time, Lieutenant Utlin reappeared among his comrades.
They had retrieved the elevator a third time and were studying
its control pad.
    "You had a fifty, fifty chance." Whitecloud informed him.
"We've just finished tests on the elevator and are prepared to
proceed down to the next level.
    Half of the team stepped onto the elevator and rode it down
to the next level.  They had set the speed control a centimeter
in the opposite direction then Utlin had chosen.  The elevator
slid down the shaft at a very comfortable pace.
    The next level was a large open area.  High above them, they
could see the structural support of the previous level.  The
level, however, was cordoned off by 3 meter high walls and a low
humming sound could be heard.
    After the team was together, they made their way through the
corridors which soon revealed many 'work stations'.  All
stations were unmanned but appeared to be ready for use.  The
stations had a combination of standard Borg computer interfaces
and manual interfaces.  At the first computer interface port,
four personnel were left to attempt access.
    The noise became louder and more distinct as the team
proceeded through the maze.  Even though they hadn't encountered
any hostility, they turned each new corner in a two-by-two cover
formation.  One stayed high and the other low giving mutual
cover.  The rest of the team lined the walls with weapons drawn
and pointing up.  They snapped around the corners and moved
quickly through the area.
    Eventually, they reached a wide open area.  The place was
filled with giant working machines.  Many stretched over fifty
meters into the air.  All of the machines were painted the
normal dull Borg gray.  Most were connected with a series
conveyers and robotic tracks.  At the ends of the machine lines,
the parts coming off were enveloped by the green glow of the
Borg transporter and disappeared.
    The outside edge of the room was lined with standard Borg
interface stations.  Most of the stations were occupied with
assorted Borg.  Some Borg wandered about the machinery making
adjustments.
    "Lieutenant Whitecloud," came a voice over the team
intercom, it was one of the techs left behind to access the
computer port.
    "Go ahead" Anndrea responded as she watched the Borg wander
about, doing their insignificant duties.
    "We have accessed the first layer of security, we currently
have access to the functions of this work station.  It appears
that these abandoned ports have been neglected for so long that
there is no significant protection.  We are about to attempt
accessing the second level which appears to be the data
transmission level."  The young male voice said.
    "Very good," Whitecloud said "proceed."
    While the access was attempted, the rest of the team waited
at the entrance to the manufacturing area.  Soon, one of the
Borg stepped away from its station and headed for the team.
    The Borg had pale, ashen skin and was dressed with partial
armor like plates.  Servomechanisms could be seen opening and
closing driving the creatures legs.  Its respirator could be
heard opening and closing as it approached.  A ribbed tube ran
up behind its head from an apparatus on its back.  The tube
connected into its face just to the left of its chin and behind
the jaw.  The tube could then be seen under the skin merging
with its windpipe.
    "Looks like we have company." Lieutenant Whitecloud said.
    Several of the team took aim at the Borg but Whitecloud
waved them down.  "Let's see what it does." she whispered.  Then
said "Sub Team One, disengage the port, you've attracted some
attention."
    "But, Sir," returned the young voice "we have accessed the
data layer.  We've only just begun down loading."
    "Ensign, its coming for you.  Disengage immediately and
vacate the area.  Understood?"  Whitecloud said firmly.
    "Acknowledge." returned the voice.
    The whole team flattened against the walls as the Borg
walked between them.  Whitecloud signaled to the two at the end
of the line to follow the creature as it disappeared around a
corner.
    Golta's voice came over the ship to shore intercom: "Sub
Team One, you were given direct orders to disengage with the
port, comply immediately."
    "We just need a couple more minutes." the young tech's voice
returned.
    "Negative, disengage immediately.  We can not have the Borg
see us doing something that they object to so early."  Golta
practically growled.
    "Beam them out." Whitecloud said.
    "Negative, for security reasons, this early in the mission
we will not beam them out while they are under observation or
their equipment is accessing the Borg computers."  Golta said
gravely.
    "I can't disengage the tricorder from the port."  Came the
young voice now starting to panic.  "The ports must have
magnetic locking."
    "Set the self destruct on the tricorder and prepare for beam
out." Golta growled back.
    "Acknowledged."
    There was a slight pause when Golta came back "Beam out
completed."
    Then one of the team that had followed the Borg said "The
Borg is approaching the tricorder."
    Suddenly, in the direction they had come from, they could
hear a popping sound.   Sub Team Two reported back "The
tricorder exploded as the Borg attempted to access it.  The Borg
and the port were both destroyed."
    "Sub Team two report back to this position."  Whitecloud
said coolly.
    "Sir" One of the other team members said "You'd better look
at this."
    Whitecloud looked out at the machine area.  The conveyers
and the robotic arms were shaking.  Many of the lights around
the area were flickering.  As this was happening, the Borg
started stepping off their stations and several were already
heading for the team's position.  Some of the Borg were heading
toward them but most were heading into the machinery to check on
the malfunction.
    "Back to the elevator." Whitecloud order and started herding
the team before for her.
    "What if they're going to ignore us this time?" One of the
techs asked.
    "I have a hunch." Whitecloud said "Move it."
    The remaining members of the team headed back toward the
elevator ahead of Whitecloud and Utlin.
    Whitecloud and Utlin were several meters and few turns
behind the rest of the team.  They heard the lead say "They've
beamed into the damaged area.  Look out...arrrgh.."
    When Whitecloud and Utlin turned a corner they saw two of
the team firing at a Borg that had grabbed and injected one of
their comrades.  The Borg was beaming out just as the bright
blue of the phasers hit.  It exploded in a green and red flash
throwing the shooters back into the soldiers who had come up
behind them.  The room and the team were covered in green and
red gore from the Borg and the team member.
    "Home, this is Team One, eleven to beam out, now."
Whitecloud said loudly.
    "Negative." came Golta's gruff reply "The Borg have raised a
force field in your area, we are unable to transport."
    "To the elevator." Whitecloud said.
    The away team rushed through the twisting corridors back
tracking their way to the elevator.  This time, however, they
maintained the two by two cover formation rounding the remaining
corners.
    The elevator was in the shaft, but this time two Borg stood
on either side of the entrance.  When the first two came around
the corner, the Borg activated and started heading toward them.
    "Standard phaser power this time." Whitecloud warned from
behind them.
    "Aye, Sir." one of them said as they adjusted the large
weapons.
    Whitecloud watched the Borg advance slowly toward them.
"Fire."
    The two phasers each emitted a short red beam at a separate
Borg.  The Borg stumbled backward as a green patch glowed on
their torsos then fell over back wards.
    "Lets go." Whitecloud said then jumped forward leading the
team onto the elevator.  As soon as they were on the elevator,
Whitecloud nudged the speed control back toward center then
pushed the top oval.  They could just see the first Borg round
the corner when the elevator flew upward.
    Before they reached the level they had come down from they
felt the inertia seem to lift them away from the elevator.  The
shaft shifted and turned into the transporter room of the
Vigilante.  As a group, they seemed to jump together and land
clumsily on the pad.
    "Where's that fool?" Whitecloud demanded.
    "Ensign Peterson is waiting in Conference room A1." came
Lieutenant Golta's reply.  He had been standing next to the
control panel waiting for them.
    "What about the other team?" Lieutenant Utlin asked.
    "The Borg have continued to ignore them, so they will
continue their explorations."  Golta said then turned back to
Whitecloud "You, Lieutenant Utlin and myself are required in
Conference Room A1, immediately."
    Whitecloud dismissed the rest of the away team, then the
three exited the room.  Utlin and Whitecloud remained in full
mission gear and carried their helmets under their arms.
    Conference Room A1 was the 'court' room Captain Anthony and
Commander Tarva had used to meet the away team from the Delphi.
Ensign Peterson sat in the single chair facing the U shaped
table.  Captain Anthony occupied the chair in the middle of the
U and Commander Tarva was next to him.  Golta, Whitecloud and
Utlin took seats on the side of the U closest to the door.
    Ensign Peterson still wore his mission gear, his helmet sat
at his feet and his phaser was still in his holster.  He was a
young skinny human, slightly taller than Whitecloud.
    When the three were seated, Commander Tarva looked up from
her computer council directly at the ensign.  "Identify."
    The boy put his hand on a pad on the arm of the chair.  The
computer came on and started listing his name and history.  It
told of his graduation from Star Fleet Academy with honors just
two years earlier.  Five commendations were listed for
accomplishments in surveillance work and code decryption during
his previous/first tour along the Romulan Neutral zone.  It was
the file of a rising star in Star Fleet.  All in the room could
see the pride in the boy's face as the accomplishments of his
budding career were listed.
    Tarva continued to look directly at the Ensign "Ensign
Peterson, you are charged with disobeying a direct order,
resulting in the death of a team mate and jeopardizing the
entire mission of the Vigilante.  What is your defense to these
actions?"
    "Sir, the information I was collecting could have been vital
to our mission." Peterson said nervously "All I needed was a few
more minutes to accumulate enough data to be useful.  I could
not have predicted that the tricorder would become locked into
the access port.  There is also no indication that I would have
been able to disengage it if I had tried immediately after being
ordered to."
    Tarva continued to stare at the Ensign who was trying to
maintain his composure.  "Do you agree, that if you had
discovered that the tricorder was locked you could have
initiated the self destruct sequence earlier."
    "Perhaps." The boy admitted.
    "Do you agree that if the self destruct had been initiated
earlier the Borg unit that was damaged by the explosion would
not have been harmed?" Tarva continued coldly.
    "Yes."
    "Do you agree that if the Borg unit had not been harmed,
they would not have had a chance to act so severely toward the
Team member that had run into the replacement?"
    "Sir, there is no proof that the original unit would not
have attacked in the same way the second one did." Peterson was
continuing to stay calm.
    "But Ensign Osborne would have been aware of its presence
and not run into it." Tarva said as if concluding a complex
argument.
    "Ensign Osborne should not have been moving so recklessly
through a hostile environment." Peterson sounded as if he were
grasping at straws.
    This time Lieutenant Golta snorted then said "Excuse me
commander," Tarva nodded, Golta continued "We have the video
from the incident.  Perhaps, we should examine him 'moving
recklessly'"
    "Proceed." Tarva said after glancing toward the Captain.
    The screen on a side wall lit up showing the shaking video
of someone walking quickly down a hall.  The bottom of the
screen showed Osborne's name, the time and stardate.  The side
of the screen showed a readout of simple vital signs; pulse,
heart rate, respiration, and basic brain wave patterns.  He was
not moving in the standard two by two cover formation but was
stopping at each corner and checking the room before stepping
quickly into it.
    The room of the explosion was empty, including no sign of
the Borg caught by the explosion.  Ensign Osborne had checked it
properly and was half way through when a Borg materialized
directly before him and simply reached around him.  All of the
vital signs on the screen immediately went flat.  Soon after,
the screen shimmered green then went blank.
    Tarva said "Do you have anything else to say, Ensign."
    Ensign Peterson looked ill "No, Sir."
    The Captain looked at the young man "Please wait out side."
    Ensign Peterson stood stiffly and walked out of the room,
carrying his helmet professionally under one arm.  He stood
outside the room by himself in a very stiff at-ease stance.
Several minutes later, Lieutenant Utlin came to the door and
escorted him back in.
    "Please remain standing." The Captain said.
    All five at the table stood and faced the Ensign.  Commander
Tarva spoke first "For disobeying the direct orders of a
commanding officer while on a hazardous mission, you are
sentenced to exactly thirty hours in the brig.  You will also,
of course, have a notation made in your permanent record for
disobeying a direct order in a hazardous situation."
    Peterson didn't seem phased by the announcement "Is that
all, Sir?" he said emotionlessly.
    This time Golta spoke "No, that is not all.  You will also
be reassigned to duty in engineering.  The Drop Teams no longer
have use for your skills.  This reassignment also means
relocation to new quarters.  Before severing your time in the
brig, you will pack your gear and move to your new billet
location near engineering."
    Peterson had gone ghost white "But, Sir..." he mumbled.
    Commander Tarva cut him off "Dismissed."
    Golta, Utlin, and Whitecloud escorted Peterson back to his
quarters.  His roommate, thankfully was not there.  Golta
entered with him and collected the Drop Team gear.  Then stepped
outside while he packed his few possessions.
    When Ensign Peterson stepped back into the corridor he was
greeted by two lines of personnel facing into the center of the
hall, standing at stiff attention.  They were the total Drop
Team personnel less the current away team.  There was just
enough room for him to walk between them.  The lines started
about two meters from his door and were led by Golta and
Whitecloud.
    Ensign Peterson stiffened his back, sucked in his gut and
walked proudly toward the gauntlet.  As he approached,
Whitecloud and Golta snapped stiff, formal about faces and faced
away from him toward the bulkheads.  The rest of the personnel
did the exact same maneuver as Peterson approached.
--------------
    Several hours after returning from their mission, Whitecloud
and Utlin were reviewing the tapes and records in the drop team
meeting room.  They used the screen to replay key sequences of
the team members video.  Their goal was to reason out what the
purpose for the lower half of the station was.
    The most obvious function for the station, was
manufacturing.  Apparently, the Borg used the facilities to
repair massive damage to their ships.  There was some suggestion
that new cubes were also manufactured.  There was, however, no
indication that there were any cubes currently under
construction.
    The door to the room slid open allowing in Lieutenant
Commander Golta.  Utlin and Whitecloud stood as their immediate
superior approached.
    "The away team has returned." Golta said when he reached the
table.  "They have returned with something we think you may both
be interested in."  Golta looked directly at Utlin "Especially
you Lieutenant."
    "What is it?" Utlin asked curiously.
    "They've found what appears to be an unassimilated female
from your species."  Golta responded coldly.
-----------
    Whitecloud, Tarva, Anthony, Golta and Utlin stood watching a
monitor of a room in sick bay.  There was a single bunk with a
woman sitting on it.  She sat with her back against the wall and
had her arms wrapped around her legs hugging her knees to her
chest.  She sat with her face buried and rocked slowly back and
forth.  She wore a long heavy dress and robes, all appeared to
have once been highly decorated and ornate.  Now, they were
ripped and dirty.  She had dark skin and long dirty brown hair
that appeared that it might reach the floor.  From her current
position, they could not see her face or make out much about her
size or body structure.
    "She does look like a Child of Lin'hrlar." Utlin whispered,
very shaken "Do we have any pictures of her."
    Golta pressed a few buttons and the screen switched to some
mission footage.  The video showed the view from a point leader
slowly going through a Borg area.  The audio was the standard
sounds of machinery with occasional comments from the team
member.  Soon, he turned a corner and saw a mass of cloth and
hair huddled in a corner.
    He called for back up and approached the object carefully
with trained phaser.  When it was obvious he was being ignored,
he put his phaser away and gently made the woman look up at him.
Her face was dirty and gaunt, but there were no obvious signs of
injuries.  She had dark skin, darker then Utlin's, and she had
bright red eyes.  Her eyes, however, seemed totally blank.  The
rest of the video showed a tech doing a medical check then
finally the woman disappearing to the Vigilante.
    A medic had joined the group at the view screen.  She spoke
directly to Tarva "The woman is malnourished and dehydrated, but
otherwise in pretty good physical condition.  We've given her
some nutritional supplements, she won't let us get closer to do
anything else.  After what she's been through, we don't want to
force anything on her, at least not yet."
    Tarva turned to Lieutenant Utlin "What can you tell us about
her?  Is she one of your people?  Anything you can do to help us
contact her would be appreciated.  She may have information we
could use."
    Utlin sensed the coldness in Tarva's comments but ignored
it.  "She is 'One of Us'.  She appears to by high born and was
probably pampered and spoiled.  Her people are from the planet
Riganilus, you can tell from her darker skin and red eyes.
Riganilus was one of our ruling planets and a center for our
religion."
    The group could see Utlin's mixed emotions.  He was looking
at the only other known Child of Lin'hrlar, but apparently did
not care for her based on her heritage.
    "Do you think you could contact her?" Tarva asked "So far
she has not responded to any of our attempts."
    Utlin looked at the creature huddled on the bunk.  "I'll
try." he said simply.
    Sir Utlin dressed in his battle uniform.  It had been
cleaned and mended by the ships computer and looked better then
it had in years.  He carried the ceremonial sword in the loop on
his belt and wore his battle blaster securely strapped to his
left hip.  His hair was cut short and spiked like a warriors.
His red cape flowed brilliantly out around him.
    He marched into the small sickbay room and snapped to
attention then bowed deeply from the hips.  "My Lady." he said
in his own language "We are pleased to have found you alive and
well."
    The woman slowly looked up over her arm.  There was dirt
smeared across her face and greasy stringy her fell across her
face.  Her red eyes showed a glimmer of recognition at the
figure that stood before her.
    "Who are you?" she whispered hoarsely.
    "I am Sir Utlin Robe'than, formerly First Officer of the
carrier Star Controller and commander of Red Wing, Tactical
Fighter Squadron."  Utlin spoke very carefully. "And please, My
Lady, what is your name?"
    The woman looked up and down at the warrior before her.  It
was obvious she was inspecting the propriety of his
presentation.
    "I am Lady Purlerna Von Hather'fon of the House of Pulerna,
Second House of Lords in the Lin'Lolar region of Riganilus."
She stated.  As she spoke, she straightened herself out and
tried to look dignified.  "Where is my father?"
    "My Lady," Utlin said "we do not know were your father is."
    The woman looked about her "The creatures have been
defeated, we have won?  You must return me to my home, they must
be worried for me.  Where am I?  How did I get here?  My father
must be looking for me, when will I see him?  Is this one of my
Father's ships?  I didn't know the Star Controller followed my
father.  Is this the Star Controller?  Who are those creatures
who were here before...I must have been dreaming..."  She looked
at Utlin with a blank stare.  Her questions were still coming,
but her voice was gone to the dehydration.
    Sir Utlin helped her lay down flat then left the room.  He
went immediately to the Chief Medic.  "Are there any human
females who can treat her?"
    The Chief Medic looked at Utlin confused "Why human and
female?" he asked.
    "Humans look the most like our people." Utlin said "And a
woman of her breeding, would have only been tended by other
females.  I believe this would make her most comfortable."
    "It can be arranged." He replied.
    "Very good, also, please only allow humans and preferably
females in to see her.  The different species on the Vigilante
are beyond anything she would have ever encountered before."
Utlin thought to himself that they were beyond anything he had
ever encountered before.
    The next day Utlin returned to sick bay dressed again in his
traditional clothes.  Lady Pulerna paced her room, still wearing
her tattered robes and still quite dirty.
    The Chief Medic turned to Utlin "She has been very
uncooperative.  She refuses to bathe or change out of her rags.
She will not talk to her medic and barely acknowledges her
presence.  We are about to sedate her so we can get her cleaned
up and get some proper nourishment into her.  We were hoping you
could talk some sense into her before we took that step."
    Utlin signaled at her door then entered when she said
"What?"
    "I did not give you permission to enter." she spat at him.
"What is going on here, who are these people?"
    "My Lady" Utlin said after bowing "You were no condition
yesterday for me to explain, perhaps I should have."
    "Yes, perhaps you should have." She agreed angrily.
    "My Lady, you are on a space vessel called the 'Vigilante'."
Utlin started.
    "Vigilante" she hissed "What kind of name is that, I have
never heard of it.  Is it from one of the border fleets?"
    "My Lady," Utlin said gently "Perhaps you should sit down."
    "Why, what is wrong?" She insisted.
    "Please." Utlin said trying to be as calm as possible.
    The woman sat on the edge of her bed and looked at Sir
Utlin. "Out with it nave." she said "I'm getting tired of your
game."
    Utlin hung his head for a second then looked the woman in
the eyes "This is not a vessel of the Fleet.  It is an alien
vessel that was pursuing the creatures that attacked our
people."
    "Where are the rest of the Children of Lin'hrlar?" she asked
softly.
    "All was destroyed by the creatures known as the Borg."
Utlin said distantly "We are all that is left of the Children of
Lin'hrlar."
    Lady Purlerna started to slowly rock from side to side
humming some incoherent tune.  Her eyes were closed and her face
returned to its blank expression.
    Utlin took Lady Pulerna by the shoulders and shook her "You
must accept this." he said "They need you, I need you.  You must
be strong and make your Father and ancestors proud.  Do you hear
me?"
    The woman's burning red eyes suddenly flew open "How dare
you touch me, you Tregamalin." she snapped.
    Utlin stepped back and looked at the woman.  Had she
snapped, was she lost forever, or had Lin'hrlar reached out and
cleared her mind.  He would soon know.
    "What manner of creatures are these that we are among?" She
asked.
    "There are many different creatures on this vessel.  They
come from a place they call, The United Federation of Planets."
Utlin hoped that she had broken through the barriers she had
erected to protect herself against the Borg.
    "Where are they, I demand an audience with their Lord."  She
said imperially.
    "That can be arranged, but first, perhaps, you should get
cleaned up."  Utlin observed.
    The woman looked down at her robes then held herself up
straight.  "Perhaps that would be best.  You are dismissed for
now, but remain available.  I will require at least three
attendants to help me prepare for my meeting with the ship's
Lord."
    Utlin smiled, he couldn't wait to see this unleashed on the
Vigilante, they thought the Borg were tough to deal with.  He
bowed deeply from the waist "Very good my Lady." then exited the
room.
    The next few hours were a very trying time for the medics
assigned to Lady Purlerna.  She treated them as servants and
took minimal direction from them.  She refused to wear the
devises for the universal translator, insisting they were
beneath her.
    With the guidance of Lieutenant Utlin, they were able to
design clothes for her she wouldn't simply drop on the floor
saying "Unacceptable."
    Finally, she was cleaned and dressed in new flowing, blue
and red robes.  They were not nearly as ornate as what she was
used to but they would do, for now.  Her hair was cleaned and
flowed over her shoulders past her knees in front and behind
her.
    Utlin looked at her through the monitor, marveling at her
sudden beauty.  He did, however, notice that he was not as awe
struck with her royalty as he once would have been.
    "You will instruct Sir Utlin that I require his presence."
she said to one of her medic/attendants.
    "Yes, I will inform him." said the medic as she left.
    "I've had enough of Lady Purlerna." said the Medic as she
passed Utlin who was standing at the view screen.
    Utlin couldn't contain his smile, but didn't say a word.  He
headed into the Lady's 'chambers'.  "My Lady."
    "My attendants leave a lot to be desired." Lady Purlerna
said.  She was sitting in front of a mirror that had been
installed for her.
    "They are not attendants." Utlin said "They are highly
trained and dedicated Star Fleet medical officers."
    "Ha," Purlerna scoffed "Officers? You've got to be kidding.
Female officers, and did you see how light their skin was? I
don't even know what they're doing on a space craft."
    "My Lady," it was becoming very hard to spit that phrase out
"There is much for you to learn about the species that make up
the crew of the Vigilante.  Some of them are quite different
then anything we have ever seen in our part of the Galaxy."
    "Of course." Lady Purlerna said "Lin'hrlar exiled all
sentient creatures that were not in his image.  This Federation
must be the remains of those out casts.  Is it not written that
'All of the creatures known and unknown shall bow down and give
homage to the true children of Lin'hrlar?'"
    Utlin sighed, he'd forgotten that the High Lords of
Riganilus still followed the later writings of the Overseer of
Lin'hrlar.  If she truly believed that stuff, it would be very
difficult to get her to behave properly for the Vigilante.  He
was afraid that if she proved too bothersome, they would confine
her to quarters and ignore her.
    "Listen to me, My Lady." Utlin said very seriously "The
people on this ship had never heard of the Children of Lin'hrlar
before finding me.  They do not recognize birth right, only
actions and achievements.  They are very proud of the fact that
they do not restrict a person simply based on their heritage.
They will treat you with respect but they will not treat you as
a better."
    "Blasphemous." Purlerna said loudly "It is written that all
creatures will bow down before the Children of Lin'hrlar."
    "Please." Utlin insisted "They have not read the writings of
the Overseer.  You must remember that you...we are only guests
here."
    Lady Purlerna stiffened a bit then said "You are correct, we
are guests, we must behave as such.  Now I wish to meet our
host, please tell the Lord of this vessel that I will see him
now."
    Utlin hung his head and sighed "I will inform him." he then
turned crisply and left the room.
    Utlin returned to Lady Purlerna within five minutes and
escorted her to her new quarters.  He explained that the Lord
was not available immediately.  The Lord, however, wished that
she take the time to get acquainted with her new cabin.
    She walked slowly around the two rooms. "Why are there two
beds, is one for my attendant?  It shouldn't be in the same room
as mine.  Perhaps this is just the front chamber."  She walked
into the head and back out "What is the meaning of this? Where
are the rest of my chambers?"
    "This is all there is." Utlin said "You will not have an
attendant.  The second bunk is here because the quarters were
design to be shared by two people.  Junior Officers, to be
exact."
    "How will I get along, what if I need something."  She
asked.
    "Just ask the computer." Utlin then demonstrated.  "If there
is anything thing you need the computer can provide it for you,
or direct you to it."  He then demonstrated the replicator.
    "I have my own computer to do this for me?" She asked
suspiciously.
    "That's right." Utlin said.
    They were interrupted by a piping sound "Bridge to
Lieutenant Utlin."  came a female voice out of a wall speaker.
The intercom in the room had been modified to translate
automatically.
    "This is Lieutenant Utlin," he said "go ahead."
    "The Captain will see our guest now." returned the voice.
    "Thank you, Utlin out."
    "Bridge out."
    "Please explain something to me." Purlerna said.
    "Yes"
    "What is this 'Captain'?"
    "It is their title for ship's Lord." Utlin replied.
    "And 'Lieutenant'?" this time she sounded suspicious.
    Utlin smiled sheepishly "I must apologize, I have not been
totally honest with you.  I am no longer a guest on the
Vigilante.  I have accepted a commission in their organization.
I am part of the crew, and my rank is Lieutenant.  I have been
wearing this uniform so that you would feel comfortable with me.
I must admit, however, that it feels good to be in it again."
    "You are highly placed, perhaps second or third in command?"
She sounded impressed.
    Utlin looked about the room. "The room I'm quartered in is
exactly like this one.  I share it with a science officer, also
a lieutenant."
    She said no more, just followed him out of the room.  He
escorted her to the bridge.  They met very few people in the
corridors and Utlin was thankful for that.  She still had not
seen anybody but himself and humans.  He was not sure what her
reaction to her first alien would be, especially a Klingon, they
were just so damned ugly.
    Lady Purlerna paid little attention to the bridge.  She
seemed very unimpressed by it and the crew she saw there.  They
then walked into the room known as the Command Room.  It was
mostly filler with a long table, slightly rounded to fit the
room.
    One person sat at the table, a heavy framed man with long
gray/black hair pull back in a tail and thinning on top.  He
stood as Purlerna and Utlin entered and said "Welcome aboard the
Viglante."  He spoke into a devise he held in one hand that
translated for him.  "I am Captain Anthony, Captain of the
United Star Ship Vigilante."
    "Thank you." Purlerna said she then sat down in the chair at
the head of the table.
    The Captain reclaimed his seat and said "We have.."
    Anthony was interuppted by his guest "I did not give you
permission to be seated..Captain." she spat the last word.
    Captain Anthony sat back and laughed heartily.  "Lieutenant,
you warned me of her arrogance but I did not beleive you.  I
appolagize for that."  He then turned back to the Purlerna "My
Lady, you must understand that you are aristocrat without a
court.  I am the Captain of this vessel and that means I am
incharge of everything, includeing all crew and passengers.  If
I desired to have you returned to the place you were found, you
would be there before you could blink an eye--literally.  So
please behave yourself, we offer you life beyond the certain
death the Borg offered."  Anthony's face was totally serious.
    Purlerna was furious "How dare you speak to me that way, you
low class alien."
    Anthony sighed "If that's the way you want it.  Lieutenant,
please escort Miss Purlerna back to her quarters.  She will
remain there until she wishes to treat the crew of the Vigilante
with proper respect."
-----------
    Lieutenant Utlin entered Lady Purlerna's quarters after
signalling.  Ths time, he wore the standard ship's uniform with
the large black phaser replaceing his blaster.  It was twenty
two hours since Purlerna had been confined.
    Lady Purlerna's hair was tied back in a long tail.  She wore
some loungeing clothes she'd been able conjure up from her
replicator.  As soon as Utlin entered she turned on him furious
"Where have you been?" She yelled "I signalled for you more then
two hours ago."
    Utlin had been instructed to be civil to her.  They still
hoped to get though to her and get some information about the
Borg.  First, however, she had to learn to be a member of the
crew, or at least a gracious guest.  Anthony knew that if he
treated her like the royalty she had been, she would always be
impossible to deal with.
    Utlin looked at the woman and said sternly "I have duties
aboard this vessle.  I can not and will not drop what I am doing
everytime you 'signal'.  Now what is it that you signalled me
about?"
    Purlerna turned her back on him "It is unimportant, NOW."
    "In that case I would like you to meet a colleage and friend
of mine.  The Captain thinks that if you were to meet and talk
with some of the crew, you would learn to fit in better."
    Purlerna turned back around to look at Utlin "I do not care
to meet any of your warrior barbarian friends."
    "That's too bad." Utlin returned "She was very interested in
meeting you."
    "Really, how close a freind is She?"
    Utlin knew what she was implying and purposely ignored the
question.  This would just reinforce what she was thinking, what
ever got her interested.  Utlin leaned out into the hall and
signaled.
    Lieutenant Whitecloud came in dressed in standard uniform.
Her hair, however, instead of being simpley tied back, was held
back with a fancey silver clip with a large turquise stone in
it.  She had also applied a small amount of makeup, very
uncharacteristic for her.  Utlin had suggested the makeup, he
felt it might help Purlerna relate to her better.  Whitecloud
also wore the necklace and hearing aid used by the universal
translater.
    "Lady Purlerna this is Lietenant Whitecloud, my immediate
superior."  Utlin said formally.
    Whitecloud bowed very slightly and said with a pleasent
smile "I'm very pleased to meet you."
    Purlerna looked at the dark skin female who just entered.
The woman wore a very pleasent smile but her steal gray eyes
seemed cold and distant.
    "Of course your pleased." Purlerna replied then turned to
Utlin "Your dismissed, I'd to talk with Lieutenant Whitecloud
privately."
    Fifteen minutes later, Whitecloud met Utlin at his quarters.
She looked very confused another rarity for Lieutenant
Whitecloud.  "I don't know whether to laugh at the creature or
vent her."  She said as soon as she walked in.
    Utlin started laughing uncontrollably.
    "You set me up, what did you tell her?" she said finally
starting to smile.
    "I implied that we may be, how do you say...an Item."
    Whitecloud glanced at her painting of the soaring eagle
hanging on Utlin's wall.  "I suspected you may have said
something like that."
    "What did she say?"
    "She told me that I should stay away from you.  She said
that even though you are from Tregimalis you were from proper
enough breeding for her.  She said that an 'alien' such as
myself has no business with a Child of Lin'hrlar.  I was also
informed that it is your duty to take her as your 'Companion'
since you two are the last of your kind.  She also said other
things about the obvious inadequacies of my heritage which I do
not care to repeat."
    "I told you she could not be changed." Utlin said.
    "She was bred this way since birth.  They all are.  Why do
you think I chose the life of a warrior?  My own father had
arranged a match for me with a creature just like her.  I was
barely an adolesent, so I lied about my age and joined the
academy."  Utlin smiled at the memory.
    Tarva had gone into the head to remove the makeup as Utlin
spoke.  "You know," she said as she came out drying her face
with a large towel.  "I was thinking about what she said about
you taking her as your Companion.  I think she is quite right.
In fact, I think the sooner the better."
    "What?"
    "Perhaps if you spent a lot more quality time with her, she
would eventually be able to fit in."
    "No way," Utlin said starting to panic "I am not not going
to spend the rest of my life with that creature.  She may be
able to lose the edge enough to fit in, but she'll never
change."
    "You may not have a choice in the matter." Whitecloud said,
then quickly left the room.
                        to be continued...........
   ----------
                   T H E   V I G I L A N T E
                               Vb
                           "Outpost"
                          (continued)
......
Then lets have faith; good cometh out of ill;
The power that shaped the strife shall end the strife;
Then lets bow down before the Unkown Will;
Fight on, believing all is well with life;
Seeing within the worst of War's red rage
The gleam, the glory of the Golden Age.
                "Faith"
             Robert Service
    Captain Anthony had hoped to learn more about the Borg's
reactions to Lady Purlerna before he sent another team into the
station but soon gave up on the idea.  It was determined that
any information that may be gleaned from Purlerna would simply
have to be included in the mission report.
    The next missions were planned.  Drop Team One, led by
Lieutenant Whitecloud, would return to the foundry in mission
armor.  Drop Team Two, this time led by Lieutenant Commander
Golta, would again inspect the upper levels.  Drop Team Three,
led by Lieutenant Utlin, would return to the elevator shaft and
continue the investigation of the lower levels.
    After the incident earlier, the Borg had closely scanned the
vicinity outside of the station.  Probes the Vigilante had left
in orbit around the station reported high intensity sensor scans
exactly the same as those encountered by the Enterprise during
its encounters with the Borg.  Within six hours, all unusual
activity had ceased and the Borg returned to their normal
operating conditions.  Normal conditions also included the
dropping of the shields they'd erected around the incident site.
    "What if they have regained control of the elevator?" Utlin
asked.
    "Then we'll beam you out like we did last time."  Tarva said
simply.
    "What if they're just waiting for us to use the elevator
again then they'll have us." Utlin continued considering the
possibilities.
    "Lieutenant Utlin," Tarva said "if you do not wish to lead
this mission, or feel you are not ready, we will find a
replacement for you."
    "Sir," Utlin said formally "I am merely considering
contingencies."
    "Lieutenant Utlin, I don't have to remind you of the
contingency for getting captured by the Borg, do I?"  Tarva
queried.
    "No, Sir." Utlin returned immediately.  Fighting to the
death, was a tradition among his people and it still ran strong
within him.
    Drop Team One materialized outside of the Borg foundry.
They had beamed in with phasers drawn and in standard cover
formation.  After determining they were being ignored, they
started advancing on the foundry.  The tinted visors with EVE
(Electronic Vision Enhancement) revealed much more of what lay
just inside the entrance.
    The level they beamed in on turned out to be an overlook.
Below, were gigantic vats of molten iron and other ores.  The
furnaces seemed to be cranked to full volume, but no activity
was evident.  Standard Borg stations were immediately evident on
their level.  All stations were currently occupied.
    Whitecloud signaled for them to split up in standard paired
teams.  The first order of business for her, was to examine the
Borg of this area.  She approached the nearest station with
phaser drawn and trained on the occupant.
    The Borg was not the 'standard' model but was highly
modified.  Most Borg tended to have only part of their face
modified with implants.  These Borg, however, had totally
covered faces, in fact, every part of their bodies were covered.
    Another major difference was that they all had large back
packs.  The packs were made of many layers of small tubes that
were fused into their backs.  The stations the Borg stood at
were  larger then the standard stations to allow for the bulk of
the packs.
    "Why the back packs?" Whitecloud wondered aloud.
    The technician with Lieutenant Whitecloud ran scans on one
of the Borg.  "Sir, it appears that the back packs are cooling
units.  The modification would be necessary for the Borg to be
able to operate in this environment."
    "I agree." Whitecloud commented "I can think of no better
explanation."
    The level they were on, was more like a catwalk.  It
consisted of grating similar to what the elevator was made of.
The catwalk slowly spiraled down to the bottom of the foundry.
From their current position, though, the team could not see the
far side of the area.
    The Drop Team reassembled and started down the catwalk in
their standard two by two cover.  So far, they hadn't seen
any movement in the area but weren't going to take any chances.
--------------
    When Team Three tested the elevator, they found it still in
perfect working order.  Their fist stop was the level they had
visited previously.  The first goal was to try accessing one of
the ports.  This time, however, they would only monitor the
first data level.  There was no apparent response after ten
minutes so they disconnected and headed to the machinery.
    In the machinery area, the Borg continued to ignore the
team infiltrating directly among them.  The new objective was to
study the shop and determine what was being made.  Another goal
was to determine the level of technology being employed.  Were
the Borg manufacturing at a level above what the Federation was
capable of, and if they were, could they learn from it.
    It was apparent that the Borg could see the team members.
As the Borg wandered about performing their tasks, they would
adjust their paths so as not to run into anyone.
    The group had split into four sub-teams to more effectively
chart the area.  They were soon lost in the machinery that
towered above them, making most feel like insects.  It was soon
discovered that there were walk ways connecting the taller
machines.  Giving all a new perspective on the area.
    One of the subteams climbed to the catwalks for a better
view of the area.  The ladders were actually only long,
flattened U's built into the sides of the machines.  From the
catwalks it was obvious that this manufacturing area stretched
out for hundreds of meters beyond their entry point.  Beyond,
was what appeared to be another series of partitioned rooms,
similar to what they had just left.
    "Lets make for the far side." Utlin said "Maybe there are
more relics."
    The team gathered on the far side after two hours of
negotiating through the maze of machinery.  None had been
harassed or in anyway noticed by the Borg working in the area.
They fanned out and walked quickly across the fifty or so meters
of open area before the partitions.
    The new area was different from the partitioned section on
the far side of the level.  The area was not only walled but
covered.  The walls were sturdy and seemed thick.  The
tri-corders could not scan through the material and could not
positively identify it.  Where the partitions they had
encountered originally were open and easily accessible, they
could not immediately find an opening or door.
    "What is it?" one of the Techs asked.
    "Perhaps it's a storage facility." another volunteered.
    "Perhaps," Utlin said "We should find an entrance and find
out."  He then pointed to half the team and sent them in one
direction while he and the rest headed in the other.
    "Let us know if there are any changes in the tricorder
readings."  Anthony said as the teams separated.
    The walls were in panels of the same size as the dividers on
the other side.  These walls were dark green, almost black and
covered with a thin layer of dust.
    After ten minutes, the other team hailed Utlin.
    "Sir, we've found an area of the wall that appears to be a
sealed door."  Said the head tech with the group.
    "Acknowledged," Utlin returned "do not attempt entry.  We
will be with you shortly."
    Lieutenant Utlin then addressed the Vigilante "Home, this is
Team Three, requesting transport to sub team location."
    "Prepare for transport." came Chief Swanson's brief reply.
    The area around Utlin shifted and he and his team  found
themselves standing with the sub-team.
    "Report." Utlin said as soon as he arrived.
    "Sir," one of the techs said "we have found a seamed area of
the wall that reads thinner than the rest.  It is my opinion
that it is an opening of some kind."
    Utlin examined the seams then the surrounding wall.  "Are
there any scanners or releases in the area?"
    "No, Sir." The tech returned "We've done a complete scan of
the area and there are no other panels or any kind of scanning
devices."
    "What can you tell me about what's on the other side of this
wall?"  Utlin had stepped back and gazed at the 'door'.
    "Sir, our tricorders were unable to make accurate readings
through the material but since the door is thinner than the rest
of the wall we can make some cursory readings."  The Tech
responded.  "The atmosphere is breathable but uncirculated.  I
would describe it as 'stale'.  The door opens on to a hallway,
but we can't tell much beyond that."
    Utlin pulled out his own tricorder and pointed it at the
door.  He made a few adjustments then touched a button on the
control pad he wore on his right arm.  The team members with
their face shields down could see the MV Light ring come on
around Utlin's face shield.
    Utlin drew his phaser and held it in bent arm, pointing
in the air, the standard ready position.  "Team Three Leader to
Home." Utlin said.
    "Go ahead, Team Three Leader."  Came Commander Tarva's
reply.
    "Requesting transport to tricorder projected coordinates."
    "Prepare for transport." Tarva replied after a minute.
    Utlin touched a button dropping his face shield and said
"Energize."
    The standard, indirect, off-yellow Borg lighting
disappeared, replaced by the soft blue of MV radiating from
Utlin's helmet.  A long hall stretched into darkness in front of
him.  At the end of the light, he could see a connecting
corridor.
    Utlin turned around to examine the door, now behind him.
The difference in thickness between the door and wall were quite
evident.  The door was set into a meter deep alcove, this time
Utlin found the scanner they'd been looking for.
    "Home, this is team three leader." Utlin said formally.
There was, however, no answer.  "Home, I am not receiving your
reply." Utlin continued "I will, however, continue as if you can
read me.  I am inside the protected area.  There appears to be
no source of light.  I was hoping that my presence would trigger
automatic lighting but it has not." Utlin started shaking
slightly trying to fight back panic.
    "The area has obviously been sealed for a long time.  There
is atmosphere, but it is extremely stale.  There is minimal
dust, I can only assume that it indicates that the whole area is
tightly sealed from the rest of the station.  My first task will
be to open the door now that I appear to have access to the
control panel."
    Utlin pointed his tricorder at the control panel and fumbled
with its still relatively unfamiliar controls.  From what he
could tell, there appeared to be low voltage power to the panel.
The panel appeared to be a combination of previous control
panels and access terminals.  Utlin punched a few buttons and
looked for the scanner that the elevator had, but got no
response.
    Finally, Utlin decided to try the computer access. His
tricorder had been fitted with a 'standard' Borg style
connecter, so it plugged right in.  The tri-corder's automatic
diagnostics immediately began trying to access the port.  After
a couple of minutes it beeped indicating it had found a possible
access.  Utlin then had to press a button allowing it to
continue with a set of precoded, random access, algorithms.
    Within minutes, the panel lit up and the tricorder beeped
again.  Utlin now had two choices, he could try to access the
panel's functions manually or he could allow the tricorder to
continue its analysis.  Sick of playing with the tricorder,
Utlin reached out and pressed the largest button on the now lit
control panel.
    There was a pause after he pushed the button that made Utlin
think nothing was going to happen.  Then the door moved in
toward him and slid slowly into the wall.  When the door started
to move, Utlin lifted his face shield, eliminating the effects
of his MV light, and looked around.  Hidden lights in the top
corners of the walls had come on slightly illuminating the tops
of all of the walls.  It made for an eerie effect, like a
pathway leading into inky nothingness.
    As soon as the door opened enough for them to fit, the rest
of Utlin's team pushed their way in.  Four immediately formed a
standard cover formation facing down the hallway.  The rest
lined the walls, all with weapons drawn and safely pointed at
the ceiling.  The lights continued to brighten, illuminating the
team and the hallway.
    "Sir," Ensign Morris said "we were unable to read your
transmissions while the door was closed."
    "I thought as much since I could not raise you or home."
Utlin replied to his second.  "Post two guards outside the door
so we can maintain contact with the Vigilante.  Also, before we
move further in, we must determine how our signals are being
blocked.  Is it part of the structure or is it aimed at us."
    Utlin then stepped outside and signaled the Vigilante.
"Home, this is Lieutenant Utlin."
    "Report." Tarva said simply. "We have lost signals from all
personnel inside the new area."
    "The material appears to absorb all communication signals.
The tricorders were only able to penetrate at the thinner door
area.  I suggest that if we enter further into the area we'll
have to proceed with extreme caution."
    "Agreed," Tarva said "We'll beam down communication relays
so that we can maintain contact but we will be unable to get a
proper lock for transport.  If you go in, your going to have to
