  "We have found traces which show that a party of gypsies
encamped on Monday night within a mile of the spot where the
murder took place. On Tuesday they were gone. Now, presum-
ing that there was some understanding between Simpson and
these gypsies, might he not have been leading the horse to them
when he was overtaken, and may they not have him now?"
  "It is certainly possible."
  "The moor is being scoured for these gypsies. I have also
examined every stable and outhouse in Tavistock, and for a
radius of ten miles."
  "There is another training-stable quite close, I understand?"
  "Yes, and that is a factor which we must certainly not ne-
glect. As Desborough, their horse, was second in the betting,
they had an interest in the disappearance of the favourite. Silas
Brown, the trainer, is known to have had large bets upon the
event, and he was no friend to poor Straker. We have, however,
examined the stables, and there is nothing to connect him with
the affair."
  "And nothing to connect this man Simpson with the interests
of the Mapleton stables?"
  "Nothing at all."
  Holmes leaned back in the carriage, and the conversation
ceased. A few minutes later our driver pulled up at a neat little
red-brick villa with overhanging eaves which stood by the road.
Some distance off, across a paddock, lay a long gray-tiled
outbuilding. In every other direction the low curves of the moor,
bronze-coloured from the fading ferns, stretched away to the
sky-line, broken only by the steeples of Tavistock, and by a
cluster of houses away to the westward which marked the Mapleton
stables. We all sprang out with the exception of Holmes, who
continued to lean back with his eyes fixed upon the sky in front
of him, entirely absorbed in his own thoughts. It was only when
I touched his arm that he roused himself with a violent start and
stepped out of the carriage.
  "Excuse me," said he, turning to Colonel Ross, who had
looked at him in some surprise. "I was day-dreaming." There
was a gleam in his eyes and a suppressed excitement in his
manner which convinced me, used as I was to his ways, that his
hand was upon a clue, though I could not imagine where he had
found it.
  "Perhaps you would prefer at once to go on to the scene of the
crime, Mr. Holmes?" said Gregory.
  "I think that I should prefer to stay here a little and go into
one or two questions of detail. Straker was brought back here, I
presume?"
  "Yes, he lies upstairs. The inquest is to-morrow."
  "He has been in your service some years, Colonel Ross?"
  "I have always found him an excellent servant."
  "I presume that you made an inventory of what he had in his
pockets at the time of his death, Inspector?"
  "I have the things themselves in the sitting-room if you would
care to see them."
  "I should be very glad." We all filed into the front room and
sat round the central table while the inspector unlocked a square
tin box and lald a small heap of things before us. There was a
box of vestas, two inches of tallow candle. an A D P brier-root
pipe, a pouch of sealskin with half an ounce of long-cut Caven-
dish, a silver watch with a gold chain, five sovereigns in gold,
an aluminum pencil-case, a few papers, and an ivory-handled
knife with a very delicate, inflexible blade marked Weiss & Co.,
London.
  "This is a very singular knife," said Holmes, lifting it up and
examining it minutely. "I presume, as I see blood-stains upon it,
that it is the one which was found in the dead man's grasp.
Watson, this knife is surely in your line?"
  "It is what we call a cataract knife," said I.
  "I thought so. A very delicate blade devised for very delicate
work. A strange thing for a man to carry with him upon a rough
expedition, especially as it would not shut in his pocket."
  "The tip was guarded by a disc of cork which we found
beside his body," said the inspector. "His wife tells us that the
knife had lain upon the dressing-table, and that he had picked it
up as he left the room. It was a poor weapon, but perhaps the
best that he could lay his hands on at the moment."
  "Very possibly. How about these papers?"
  "Three of them are receipted hay-dealers' accounts. One of
them is a letter of instructions from Colonel Ross. This other is a
milliner's account for thirty-seven pounds fifteen made out by
Madame Lesurier, of Bond Street, to William Derbyshire. Mrs.
Straker tells us that Derbyshire was a friend of her husband's
and that occasionally his letters were addressed here."
  "Madame Derbyshire had somewhat expensive tastes," re-
marked Holmes, glancing down the account. "Twenty-two guin-
eas is rather heavy for a single costume. However, there appears
to be nothing more to learn, and we may now go down to the
scene of the crime."
  As we emerged from the sitting-room a woman, who had been
waiting in the passage, took a step forward and laid her hand
upon the inspector's sleeve. Her face was haggard and thin and
eager, stamped with the print of a recent horror.
  "Have you got them? Have you found them?" she panted.
  "No, Mrs. Straker. But Mr. Holmes here has come from
London to help us, and we shall do all that is possible."
  "Surely I met you in Plymouth at a garden-party some little
time ago, Mrs. Straker?" said Holmes.
  "No, sir; you are mistaken."
  "Dear me! Why, I could have sworn to it. You wore a
costume of dove-coloured silk with ostrich-feather trimming."
  "I never had such a dress, sir," answered the lady.
  "Ah, that quite settles it," said Holmes. And with an apology
he followed the inspector outside. A short walk across the moor
took us to the hollow in which the body had been found. At the
brink of it was the furze-bush upon which the coat had been
hung.
  "There was no wind that night, I understand," said Holmes.
  "None, but very heavy rain."
  "In that case the overcoat was not blown against the furze-
bush, but placed there."
  "Yes, it was laid across the bush."
  "You fill me with interest. I perceive that the ground has been
trampled up a good deal. No doubt many feet have been here
since Monday night."
  "A piece of matting has been laid here at the side, and we
have all stood upon that."
  "Excellent."
  "In this bag I have one of the boots which Straker wore, one
of Fitzroy Simpson's shoes, and a cast horseshoe of Silver
Blaze."
  "My dear Inspector, you surpass yourself!" Holmes took the
bag, and, descending into the hollow, he pushed the matting into
a more central position. Then stretching himself upon his face
and leaning his chin upon his hands, he made a careful study of
the trampled mud in front of him. "Hullo!" said he suddenly.
"What's this?" It was a wax vesta, half burned, which was so
coated with mud that it looked at first like a little chip of wood.
  "I cannot think how I came to overlook it," said the inspector
with an expression of annoyance.
  "It was invisible, buried in the mud. I only saw it because I
was looking for it."
  "What! you expected to find it?"
  "I thought it not unlikely."
  He took the boots from the bag and compared the impressions
of each of them with marks upon the ground. Then he clambered
up to the rim of the hollow and crawled about among the ferns
and bushes.
  "I am afraid that there are no more tracks," said the inspec-
tor. "I have examined the ground very carefully for a hundred
yards in each direction."
  "Indeed!" said Holmes, rising. "I should not have the imper-
tinence to do it again after what you say. But I should like to
take a little walk over the moor before it grows dark that I may
know my ground to-morrow, and I think that I shall put this
horseshoe into my pocket for luck."
  Colonel Ross, who had shown some signs of impatience at my
companion's quiet and systematic method of work, glanced at
his watch. "I wish you would come back with me, Inspector,"
said he. "There are several points on which I should like your
advice, and especially as to whether we do not owe it to the
public to remove our horse's name from the entries for the cup."
  "Certainly not," cried Holmes with decision. "I should let
the name stand."
  The colonel bowed. "I am very glad to have had your opin-
ion, sir," said he. "You will find us at poor Straker's house
when you have finished your walk, and we can drive together
into Tavistock."
  He turned back with the inspector, while Holmes and I walked
slowly across the moor. The sun was beginning to sink behind
the stable of Mapleton, and the long sloping plain in front of us
was tinged with gold, deepening into rich, ruddy browns where
the faded ferns and brambles caught the evening light. But the
glories of the landscape were all wasted upon my companion,
who was sunk in the deepest thought.
  "It's this way, Watson," said he at last. "We may leave the
question of who killed John Straker for the instant and confine
ourselves to finding out what has become of the horse. Now,
supposing that he broke away during or after the tragedy, where
could he have gone to? The horse is a very gregarious creature.
If left to himself his instincts would have been either to return to
King's Pyland or go over to Mapleton. Why should he run wild
upon the moor? He would surely have been seen by now. And
why should gypsies kidnap him? These people always clear out
when they hear of trouble, for they do not wish to be pestered by
the police. They could not hope to sell such a horse. They would
run a great risk and gain nothing by taking him. Surely that is
clear."
  "Where is he, then?"
  "I have already said that he must have gone to King's Pyland
or to Mapleton. He is not at King's Pyland. Therefore he is at
Mapleton. Let us take that as a working hypothesis and see what
it leads us to. This part of the moor, as the inspector remarked,
is very hard and dry. But it falls away towards Mapleton, and
you can see from here that there is a long hollow over yonder,
which must have been very wet on Monday night. If our suppo-
sition is correct, then the horse must have crossed that, and there
is the point where we should look for his tracks."
  We had been walking briskly during this conversation, and a
few more minutes brought us to the hollow in question. At
Holmes's request I walked down the bank to the right, and he to
the left, but I had not taken fifty paces before I heard him give a
shout and saw him waving his hand to me. The track of a horse
was plainly outlined in the soft earth in front of him, and the
shoe which he took from his pocket exactly fitted the impression.
  "See the value of imagination," said Holmes. "It is the one
quality which Gregory lacks. We imagined what might have
happened, acted upon the supposition, and find ourselves justi-
fied. Let us proceed."
  We crossed the marshy bottom and passed over a quarter of a
mile of dry, hard turf. Again the ground sloped, and again we
came on the tracks. Then we lost them for half a mile, but only
to pick them up once more quite close to Mapleton. It was
Holmes who saw them first, and he stood pointing with a look of
triumph upon his face. A man's track was visible beside the
horse's.
  "The horse was alone before," I cried.
  "Quite so. It was alone before. Hullo, what is this?"
  The double track turned sharp off and took the direction of
King's Pyland. Holmes whistled, and we both followed along
after it. His eyes were on the trail, but I happened to look a little
to one side and saw to my surprise the same tracks coming back
again in the opposite direction.
  "One for you, Watson," said Holmes when I pointed it out.
"You have saved us a long walk, which would have brought us
back on our own traces. Let us follow the return track."
  We had not to go far. It ended at the paving of asphalt which
led up to the gates of the Mapleton stables. As we approached, a
groom ran out from them.
  "We don't want any loiterers about here," said he.
  "I only wished to ask a question," said Holmes, with his
finger and thumb in his waistcoat pocket. "Should I be too early
to see your master, Mr. Silas Brown, if I were to call at five
o'clock to-morrow morning?"
  "Bless you, sir, if anyone is about he will be, for he is always
the first stirring. But here he is, sir, to answer your questions for
himself. No, sir, no, it is as much as my place is worth to let
him see me touch your money. Afterwards, if you like."
  As Sherlock Holmes replaced the half-crown which he had
drawn from his pocket, a fierce-looking elderly man strode out
from the gate with a hunting-crop swinging in his hand.
  "What's this, Dawson!" he cried. "No gossiping! Go about
your business! And you, what the devil do you want here?"
  "Ten minutes' talk with you, my good sir," said Holmes in
the sweetest of voices.
  "I've no time to talk to every gadabout. We want no strangers
here. Be off, or you may find a dog at your heels."
  Holmes leaned forward and whispered something in the train-
er's ear. He started violently and flushed to the temples.
  "It's a lie!" he shouted. "An infernal lie!"
  "Very good. Shall we argue about it here in public or talk it
over in your parlour?"
  "Oh, come in if you wish to."
  Holmes smiled. "I shall not keep you more than a few min-
utes, Watson." said he. "Now. Mr. Brown. I am quite at your
disposal."
  It was twenty minutes, and the reds had all faded into grays
before Holmes and the trainer reappeared. Never have I seen
such a change as had been brought about in Silas Brown in that
short time. His face was ashy pale, beads of perspiration shone
upon his brow, and his hands shook until the hunting-crop
wagged like a branch in the wind. His bullying, overbearing
manner was all gone too, and he cringed along at my compan-
ion's side like a dog with its master.
  "Your instructions will be done. It shall all be done," said he.
  "There must be no mistake," said Holmes, looking round at
him. The other winced as he read the menace in his eyes.
  "Oh, no, there shall be no mistake. It shall be there. Should I
change it first or not?"
  Holmes thought a little and then burst out laughing. "No,
don't," said he, "I shall write to you about it. No tricks, now,
or --"
  "Oh, you can trust me, you can trust me!"
  "Yes, I think I can. Well, you shall hear from me to-morrow."
He turned upon his heel, disregarding the trembling hand which
the other held out to him, and we set off for King's Pyland.
  "A more perfect compound of the bully, coward, and sneak
than Master Silas Brown I have seldom met with," remarked
Holmes as we trudged along together.
  "He has the horse, then?"
  "He tried to bluster out of it, but I described to him so exactly
what his actions had been upon that morning that he is convinced
that I was watching him. Of course you observed the peculiarly
square toes in the impressions, and that his own boots exactly
corresponded to them. Again, of course no subordinate would
have dared to do such a thing. I described to him how, when
according to his custom he was the first down, he perceived a
strange horse wandering over the moor. How he went out to it,
and his astonishment at recognizing, from the white forehead
which has given the favourite its name, that chance had put in
his power the only horse which could beat the one upon which
he had put his money. Then I described how his first impulse
had been to lead him back to King's Pyland, and how the devil
had shown him how he could hide the horse until the race was
over, and how he had led it back and concealed it at Mapleton.
When I told him every detail he gave it up and thought only of
saving his own skin."
  "But his stables had been searched?"
  "Oh, an old horse-faker like him has many a dodge."
  "But are you not afraid to leave the horse in his power now
since he has every interest in injuring it?"
  "My dear fellow, he will guard it as the apple of his eye. He
knows that his only hope of mercy is to produce it safe."
  "Colonel Ross did not impress me as a man who would be
likely to show much mercy in any case."
  "The matter does not rest with Colonel Ross. I follow my
own methods and tell as much or as little as I choose. That is the
advantage of being unofficial. I don't know whether you ob-
served it, Watson, but the colonel's manner has been just a trifle
cavalier to me. I am inclined now to have a little amusement at
his expense. Say nothing to him about the horse."
  "Certainly not without your permission."
  "And of course this is all quite a minor point compared to the
question of who killed John Straker."
  "And you will devote yourself to that?"
  "On the contrary, we both go back to London by the night
train."
  I was thunderstruck by my friend's words. We had only been
a few hours in Devonshire, and that he should give up an
investigation which he had begun so brilliantly was quite incom-
prehensible to me. Not a word more could I draw from him until
we were back at the trainer's house. The colonel and the inspec-
tor were awaiting us in the parlour.
  "My friend and I return to town by the night-express," said
Holmes. "We have had a charming little breath of your beautiful
Dartmoor air."
  The inspector opened his eyes, and the colonel's lip curled in
a sneer.
  "So you despair of arresting the murderer of poor Straker,"
said he.
  Holmes shrugged his shoulders. "There are certainly grave
difficulties in the way," said he. "I have every hope, however,
that your horse will start upon Tuesday, and I beg that you will
have your jockey in readiness. Might I ask for a photograph of
Mr. John Straker?"
  The inspector took one from an envelope and handed it to
him.
  "My dear Gregory, you anticipate all my wants. If I might ask
you to wait here for an instant, I have a question which I should
like to put to the maid."
  "I must say that I am rather disappointed in our London
consultant," said Colonel Ross bluntly as my friend left the
room. "I do not see that we are any further than when he
came."
  "At least you have his assurance that your horse will run,"
said I.
  "Yes, I have his assurance," said the colonel with a shrug of
his shoulders. "I should prefer to have the horse."
  I was about to make some reply in defence of my friend when
he entered the room again.
  "Now, gentlemen," said he, "I am quite ready for Tavistock."
  As we stepped into the carriage one of the stable-lads held the
door open for us. A sudden idea seemed to occur to Holmes, for
he leaned forward and touched the lad upon the sleeve.
  "You have a few sheep in the paddock," he said. "Who
attends to them?"
  "I do, sir."
  "Have you noticed anything amiss with them of late?"
  "Well, sir, not of much account, but three of them have gone
lame, sir."
  I could see that Holmes was extremely pleased, for he chuck-
led and rubbed his hands together.
  "A long shot, Watson, a very long shot," said he, pinching
my arm. "Gregory, let me recommend to your attention this
singular epidemic among the sheep. Drive on, coachman!"
  Colonel Ross still wore an expression which showed the poor
opinion which he had formed of my companion's ability, but I
saw by the inspector's face that his attention had been keenly
aroused.
  "You consider that to be important?" he asked.
  "Exceedingly so."
  "Is there any point to which you would wish to draw my
attention?"
  "To the curious incident of the dog in the night-time."
  "The dog did nothing in the night-time."
  "That was the curious incident," remarked Sherlock Holmes.
  Four days later Holmes and I were again in the train, bound
for Winchester to see the race for the Wessex Cup. Colonel Rloss
met us by appointment outside the station, and we drove in his
drag to the course beyond the town. His face was grave, and his
manner was cold in the extreme.
  "I have seen nothing of my horse," said he.
  "I suppose that you would know him when you saw him?"
asked Holmes.
  The colonel was very angry. "I have been on the turf for
twenty years and never was asked such a question as that be-
fore," said he. "A child would know Silver Blaze with his white
forehead and his mottled off-foreleg."
  "How is the betting?"
  "Well, that is the curious part of it. You could have got
fifteen to one yesterday, but the price has become shorter and
shorter, until you can hardly get three to one now."
  "Hum!" said Holmes. "Somebody knows something, that is
clear."
  As the drag drew up in the enclosure near the grandstand I
glanced at the card to see the entries.
      Wessex Plate [it ran] 50 sovs. each h ft with 1000 sovs.
    added, for four and five year olds. Second, 300 pounds. Third,
    200 pounds. New course (one mile and five furlongs).
    1 . Mr. Heath Newton's The Negro. Red cap. Cinnamon jacket.
    2. Colonel Wardlaw's Pugilist. Pink cap. Blue and black
       jacket.
    3. Lord Backwater's Desborough. Yellow cap and sleeves.
    4. Colonel Ross's Silver Blaze. Black cap. Red jacket.
    5. Duke of Balmoral's Iris. Yellow and black stripes.
    6. Lord Singleford's Rasper. Purple cap. Black sleeves.
  "We scratched our other one and put all hopes on your
word," said the colonel. "Why, what is that? Silver Blaze
favourite?"
  "Five to four against Silver Blaze!" roared the ring. "Five to
four against Silver Blaze! Five to fifteen against Desborough!
Five to four on the field!"
  "There are the numbers up," I cried. "They are all six
there."
  "All six there? Then my horse is running," cried the colonel
in great agitation. "But I don't see him. My colours have not
passed."
  "Only five have passed. This must be he."
  As I spoke a powerful bay horse swept out from the weighing
enclosure and cantered past us, bearing on its back the well-
known black and red of the colonel.
  "That's not my horse," cried the owner. "That beast has not
a white hair upon its body. What is this that you have done, Mr.
Holmes?"
  "Well, well, let us see how he gets on," said my friend
imperturbably. For a few minutes he gazed through my field-
glass. "Capital! An excellent start!" he cried suddenly. "There
they are, coming round the curve!"
  From our drag we had a superb view as they came up the
straight. The six horses were so close together that a carpet
could have covered them, but halfway up the yellow of the
Mapleton stable showed to the front. Before they reached us,
however, Desborough's bolt was shot, and the colonel's horse,
coming away with a rush, passed the post a good six lengths
before its rival, the Duke of Balmoral's Iris making a bad
third.
  "It's my race, anyhow," gasped the colonel, passing his hand
over his eyes. "I confess that I can make neither head nor tail of
it. Don't you think that you have kept up your mystery long
enough, Mr. Holmes?"
  "Certainly, Colonel, you shall know everything. Let us all go
round and have a look at the horse together. Here he is," he
continued as we made our way into the weighing enclosure,
where only owners and their friends find admittance. "You have
only to wash his face and his leg in spirits of wine, and you will
find that he is the same old Silver Blaze as ever."
  "You take my breath away!"
  "I found him in the hands of a faker and took the liberty of
running him just as he was sent over."
  "My dear sir, you have done wonders. The horse looks very fit
and well. It never went better in its life. I owe you a thousand
apologies for having doubted your ability. You have done me a
great service by recovering my horse. You would do me a
greater still if you could lay your hands on the murderer of John
Straker."
  "I have done so," said Holmes quietly.
  The colonel and I stared at him in amazement. "You have got
him! Where is he, then?"
  "He is here."
  "Here! Where?"
  "In my company at the present moment."
  The colonel flushed angrily. "I quite recognize that I am
under obligations to you, Mr. Holmes," said he, "but I must
regard what you have just said as either a very bad joke or an
insult."
  Sherlock Holmes laughed. "I assure you that I have not associ-
ated you with the crime, Colonel," said he. "The real murderer
is standing immediately behind you." He stepped past and laid
his hand upon the glossy neck of the thoroughbred.
  "The horse!" cried both the colonel and myself.
  "Yes, the horse. And it may lessen his guilt if I say that it was
done in self-defence, and that John Straker was a man who was
entirely unworthy of your confidence. But there goes the bell,
and as I stand to win a little on this next race, I shall defer a
lengthy explanation until a more fitting time."
  We had the corner of a Pullman car to ourselves that evening
as we whirled back to London, and I fancy that the journey was
a short one to Colonel Ross as well as to myself as we listened to
our companion's narrative of the events which had occurred at the
Dartmoor training-stables upon that Monday night, and the means
by which he had unravelled them.
  "I confess," said he, "that any theories which I had formed
from the newspaper reports were entirely erroneous. And yet
there were indications there, had they not been overlaid by other
details which concealed their true import. I went to Devonshire
with the conviction that Fitzroy Simpson was the true culprit,
although, of course, I saw that the evidence against him was by
no means complete. It was while I was in the carriage, just as
we reached the trainer's house, that the immense significance of
the curried mutton occurred to me. You may remember that I
was distrait and remained sitting after you had all alighted. I
was marvelling in my own mind how I could possibly have
overlooked so obvious a clue."
  "I confess," said the colonel, "that even now I cannot see how
it helps us."
  "It was the first link in my chain of reasoning. Powdered
opium is by no means tasteless. The flavour is not disagreeable,
but it is perceptible. Were it mixed with any ordinary dish the
eater would undoubtedly detect it and would probably eat no
more. A curry was exactly the medium which would disguise
this taste. By no possible supposition could this stranger, Fitzroy
Simpson, have caused curry to be served in the trainer's family
that night, and it is surely too monstrous a coincidence to
suppose that he happened to come along with powdered opium
upon the very night when a dish happened to be served which
would disguise the flavour. That is unthinkable. Therefore Simp-
son becomes eliminated from the case, and our attention centres
upon Straker and his wife, the only two people who could have
chosen curried mutton for supper that night. The opium was
added after the dish was set aside for the stable-boy, for the
others had the same for supper with no ill effects. Which of
them, then, had access to that dish without the maid seeing them?
  "Before deciding that question I had grasped the significance
of the silence of the dog, for one true inference invariably
suggests others. The Simpson incident had shown me that a dog
was kept in the stables, and yet, though someone had been in
and had fetched out a horse, he had not barked enough to arouse
the two lads in the loft. Obviously the midnight visitor was
someone whom the dog knew well.
  "I was already convinced, or almost convinced, that John
Straker went down to the stables in the dead of the night and
took out Silver Blaze. For what purpose? For a dishonest one,
obviously, or why should he drug his own stable-boy? And yet I
was at a loss to know why. There have been cases before now
where trainers have made sure of great sums of money by laying
against their own horses through agents and then preventing
them from winning by fraud. Sometimes it is a pulling jockey.
Sometimes it is some surer and subtler means. What was it here?
I hoped that the contents of his pockets might help me to form a
conclusion.
  "And they did so. You cannot have forgotten the singular
knife which was found in the dead man's hand, a knife which
certainly no sane man would choose for a weapon. It was, as Dr.
Watson told us, a form of knife which is used for the most
delicate operations known in surgery. And it was to be used for a
delicate operation that night. You must know, with your wide
experience of turf matters, Colonel Ross, that it is possible to
make a slight nick upon the tendons of a horse's ham, and to do
it subcutaneously, so as to leave absolutely no trace. A horse so
treated would develop a slight lameness, which would be put
down to a strain in exercise or a touch of rheumatism, but never
to foul play."
  "Villain! Scoundrel!" cried the colonel.
  "We have here the explanation of why John Straker wished to
take the horse out on to the moor. So spirited a creature would
have certainly roused the soundest of sleepers when it felt the
prick of the knife. It was absolutely necessary to do it in the
open air."
  "I have been blind!" cried the colonel. "Of course that was
why he needed the candle and struck the match."
  "Undoubtedly. But in examining his belongings I was fortu-
nate enough to discover not only the method of the crime but
even its motives. As a man of the world, Colonel, you know that
men do not carry other people's bills about in their pockets. We
have most of us quite enough to do to settle our own. I at once
concluded that Straker was leading a double life and keeping a
second establishment. The nature of the bill showed that there
was a lady in the case, and one who had expensive tastes.
Liberal as you are with your servants, one can hardly expect that
they can buy twenty-guinea walking dresses for their ladies. I
questioned Mrs. Straker as to the dress without her knowing it,
and, having satisfied myself that it had never reached her, I
made a note of the milliner's address and felt that by calling
there with Straker's photograph I could easily dispose of the
mythical Derbyshire.
  "From that time on all was plain. Straker had led out the
horse to a hollow where his light would be invisible. Simpson in
his flight had dropped his cravat, and Straker had picked it
up -- with some idea, perhaps, that he might use it in securing the
horse's leg. Once in the hollow, he had got behind the horse and
had struck a light; but the creature, frightened at the sudden
glare, and with the strange instinct of animals feeling that some
mischief was intended, had lashed out, and the steel shoe had
struck Straker full on the forehead. He had already, in spite of
the rain, taken off his overcoat in order to do his delicate task,
and so, as he fell, his knife gashed his thigh. Do I make it
clear?"
  "Wonderful!" cried the colonel. "Wonderful! You might
have been there!"
   "My final shot was, I confess. a very long one. It struck me
that so astute a man as Straker would not undertake this delicate
tendon-nicking without a little practise. What could he practise
on? My eyes fell upon the sheep. and I asked a question which,
rather to my surprise, showed that my surmise was correct.
  "When I returned to London I called upon the milliner, who
had recognized Straker as an excellent customer of the name of
Derbyshire. who had a very dashing wife, with a strong partiality
for expensive dresses. I have no doubt that this woman had
plunged him over head and ears in debt, and so led him into this
miserable plot."
  "You have explained all but one thing," cried the colonel.
"Where was the horse?"
  "Ah, it bolted. and was cared for by one of your neighbours.
We must have an amnesty in that direction, I think. This is
Clapham Junction. if I am not mistaken, and we shall be in
Victoria in less than ten minutes. If you care to smoke a cigar in
our rooms, Colonel. I shall be happy to give you any other
details which might interest you."
                       THE SLEEPING PRINCESS
   Once upon a time there was a Queen who had a beautiful baby daughter. She 
asked all the fairies in the kingdom to the christening, but unfortunately 
forgot to invite one of them, who was a bit of a witch as well. She came 
anyway, but as she passed the baby's cradle, she said:
   "When you are sixteen, you will injure yourself with a spindle and die!"
   "Oh, no!" screamed the Queen in horror. A good fairy quickly chanted a 
magic spell to change the curse. When she hurt herself, the girl would fall 
into a very deep sleep instead of dying.
   The years went by, the little Princess grew and became the most beautiful 
girl in the whole kingdom. Her mother was always very careful to keep her away
from spindles, but the Princess, on her sixteenth birthday, as she wandered 
through the castle, came into a room where an old servant was spinning.
   "What are you doing?" she asked the servant.
   "I'm spinning. Haven't you seen a spindle before?"
   "No. Let me see it!" The servant handed the girl the spindle ... and she 
pricked herself with it and. with a sigh, dropped to the floor.
   The terrified old woman hurried to tell the Queen. Beside herself with 
anguish, the Queen did her best to awaken her daughter but in vain. The court 
doctors and wizards were called, but there was nothing they could do. The girl
could not be wakened from her deep sleep. The good fairy who managed to avoid 
the worst of the curse came too, and the Queen said to her,
   "When will my daughter waken?"
   "I don't know," the fairy admitted sadly.
   "In a year's time, ten years or twenty?" the Queen went on.
   "Maybe in a hundred years' time. Who knows?" said the fairy.
   "Oh! What would make her waken?" asked the Queen weeplng.
   "Love," replied the fairy. "If a man of pure heart were to fall in love 
with her, that would bring her back to life!"
   "How can a man fall in love with a sleeping girl?" sobbed the Queen, and so
heart-broken was she that, a few days later, she died. The sleeping Princess 
was taken to her room and laid on the bed surrounded by garlands of flowers. 
She was so beautiful, with a sweet face, not like those of the dead, but pink 
like those who are sleeping peacefully. The good fairy said to herself,
   "When she wakens, who is she going to see around her? Strange faces and 
people she doesn't know? I can never let that happen. It would be too painful 
for this unfortunate girl."
   So the fairy cast a spell; and everyone that lived in the castle - 
soldiers, ministers, guards, servants, ladies, pages, cooks, maids and 
knights - all fell into a deep sleep, wherever they were at that very moment.
   "Now," thought the fairy, "when the Princess wakes up, they too will 
awaken, and life will go on from there." And she left the castle, now wrapped 
in silence. Not a sound was to be heard, nothing moved except for the clocks, 
but when they too ran down, they stopped, and time stopped with them. Not even
the faintest rustle was to be heard, only the wind whistling round the 
turrets, not a single voice, only the cry of birds.
   The years sped past. In the castle grounds, the trees grew tall. The bushes
became thick and straggling, the grass invaded the courtyards and the creepers
spread up the walls. In a hundred years, a dense forest grew up.
   Now, it so happened that a Prince arrived in these parts. He was the son of
a king in a country close by. Young, handsome and melancholy, he sought in 
solitude everything he could not find in the company of other men: serenity, 
sincerity and purity. Wandering on his trusty steed he arrived, one day, at 
the dark forest. Being adventurous, he decided to explore it. He made his way 
through slowly and with a struggle, for the trees and bushes grew in a thick 
tangle. A few hours later, now losing heart, he was about to turn his horse 
and go back when he thought he could see something through the trees . . . He 
pushed back the branches . . . Wonder of wonders! There in front of him stood 
a castle with high towers. The young man stood stock still in amazement,
   "I wonder who this castle belongs to?" he thought.
   The young Prince rode on towards the castle. The drawbridge was down and, 
holding his horse by the reins, he crossed over it. Immediately he saw the 
inhabitants draped all over the steps, the halls and courtyards, and said to 
himself,
   "Good heavens! They're dead!" But in a moment, he realised that they were 
sound asleep. "Wake up! Wake up!" he shouted, but nobody moved. Still 
thoroughly astonished, he went into the castle and again discovered more 
people, lying fast asleep on the floor. As though led by a hand in the 
complete silence, the Prince finally reached the room where the beautiful 
Princess lay fast asleep. For a long time he stood gazing at her face, so full
of serenity, so peaceful, lovely and pure, and he felt spring to his heart 
that love he had always been searching for and never found. Overcome by 
emotion, he went close, lifted the girl's little white hand and gently kissed 
it . . .
   At that kiss, the prlncess qulckly opened her eyes, and wakening from her 
long long sleep, seeing the Prince beside her, murmured:
   "Oh, you have come at last! I was waiting for you in my dream. I've waited 
so long!"
   Just then, the spell was broken. The Princess rose to her feet, holding out
her hand to the Prince. And the whole castle woke up too. Everybody rose to 
their feet and they all stared round in amazement, wondering what had 
happened. When they finally realised, they rushed to the Princess, more 
beautiful and happier then ever.
   A few days later, the castle that only a short time before had lain in 
silence, now rang with the sound of singing, music and happy laughter at the 
great party given in honour of the Prince and Princess, who were getting 
married. They lived happily ever after, as they always do in fairy tales, not 
quite so often, however, in real life.
                       THE SNOW MAIDEN
   Once upon a time there was a beautiful garden which became even more
beautiful that day, after a heavy fall of snow covered the ground, the trees
and bushes in a soft white mantle. A little boy and girl were playing happily
in the garden, they were brother and sister.
   They chased each other, threw snowballs and played hide and seek under the 
fir trees. Then the little girl said,
   "Let's make a snow doll."
   They began to make a snow doll and decided it would be a girl.
   "So there will be three of us and we'll have more fun!" said the little 
girl. So they carefully built a doll made of snow, with a pretty oval face, 
long hair, large eyes and a delicate little mouth. It looked just like a real
little girl.
   "Let's give her a kiss and maybe her lips will turn red like ours," said the
sister. So they kissed the doll... and lo and behold, its lips turned red!
   And the snow doll's cheeks turned pink. When a sudden gust of wind blew from
the north, the doll came to life. It moved, smiled at the two children and
started to play with them.
   Some time later, the children's father returned from town. When he saw the
girl in white playing with his own children, he said to himself,
   "It must be one of the neighbour's daughters." Then he said to the little
snow doll, "Come into the house and get warm." But the snow maiden made a 
frightened sign as though to say "No!" The man, however led her into the house,
saying,
   "Oh, you're so cold! The fire will soon warm you up!" But the snow maiden
sighed sadly, though she didn't have the courage to speak. In she went and
stood by the window, looking out at the white garden. Then she began to wep -
as slowly and gently, she began to melt... until nothing was left of her except
a trace of white snow on the floor...
                         THE SNOW QUEEN
   Once upon a time a magician made a magic mirror. In this mirror, a kind
face became wicked, a look of hate was reflected as a look of love. One day, 
however, the mirror broke, and if a sliver of glass from the mirror entered
someone's eye, that person's soul became evil, if another pierced a heart, 
that heart grew hard and cold as ice.
   In a big town two children, called Karl and Gerda were very close friends, 
and even the sweet pea that grew on Karl's window sill spread across the
street to entwine with Gerda's little rose bush. One evening Karl was watching
the snow drift down, when he noticed a white flake slowly turn into a
beautiful ice maiden. Karl was startled to hear the ice maiden speak his name,
and he was not to know he had set eyes on the Snow Queen. Winter passed, and
one spring afternoon, as Karl and Gerda pored over a book, the little boy told
her: "I feel a pain in my heart! And something's pricking my eye!"
  " Don t worry, said Gerda comfortingly. "I can't see anything!" But, alas, 
splinters from the shattered mirror had pierced the little boy.
   Now in the grip of the evil spell, he snapped: "You're so ugly!" And
ripping two roses from her bush, he ran off. From that day on, Karl turned
into a very nasty boy, and nobody could understand what had happened to him to
cause such a change. Only Gerda still loved him, though all she got in return 
were insults and spite.                                                79
   Winter came round again, though earlier than usual, and bringing far more
snow than anyone could remember.
   One day, just after going outdoors to play in the snow, Karl saw the
beautiful maiden he had seen that night, coming towards him wrapped in a white
fur coat. She stood in front of him and told him to tie his sledge to her own,
drawn by a white horse. Then they sped away. Suddenly, the great sledge soared
into the sky and through the clouds. Stretched out on his own little sledge, 
Karl didn't dare move a muscle for fear of falling into space. At last, they
came to a halt on an immense white plain, dotted with lots of sparkling frozen
lakes.
   "Come into my arms," said the Snow Queen, opening her soft fur coat. "Come
and keep warm!"
   Karl allowed himself to be hugged by the unknown maiden and a chill ran up
his spine as two icy lips touched his forehead. The Snow Queen kissed him
again, and in an instant, the little boy forgot all about Gerda and his past
life, as he fell into a deep sleep.
   In the meantime, Gerda was anxiously searching for Karl, but no one had
seen him. Finally, she went down to the river.
   "Great river," she said, "please tell me if you've seen Karl or if you've
carried him away! I'll give you these, if you do!" And she threw her shoes
into the river. But the current paid no heed and just swept them back to the
bank. Not far away stood an old boat, and Gerda climbed into it. As she
drifted with the current, she pleaded: "Great river, silently flowing and
knowing all things about men's lives, take me to Karl."
   At dusk, she stopped by a river bank carpeted with all kinds of flowers. 
After resting she went into the forest, and though she did not know how she
would ever find her friend, a mysterious voice inside her told her to be
brave. After wandering far and wide, she stopped, tired and hungry. A crow
flapped out from a hollow tree.
   "If you're looking for Karl," it said, "I know where he is! I saw him with
the Snow Queen on her sledge in the sky!"
   "And where is her kingdom?" Gerda asked the crow.
   "In Lapland, where all is icy cold. That reindeer over there might take
you! "
   Gerda ran over to the big reindeer, threw her arms around its neck and, 
laying her cheek against its soft muzzle, said: "Please help me to find my
friend!" The reindeer's kindly eyes told her that he would, and she climbed
onto its back. They travelled till they came to the frozen tundra, lit by the
fiery glow of the Northern Lights.
   "Karl! Karl! Where are you?" shouted Gerda as loudly as she could. When, at
last, she found the little boy, Karl did not recognize her. Gerda threw her
arms round him, and teardrops dripped onto his chest and heart. This broke the
evil spell. Karl woke from his long sleep, and when he set eyes on Gerda, he
too began to cry. The second cold splinter of mirror vanished. They had found
each other again at last, thanks to Gerda's love, and the reindeer galloped
them home. The two plants on the window sills started to blossom again and to
twine, a sign of their everlasting friendship.
TYPE 4
2.00
2.00
                           
                           Michael Stutz
                 Independent Study with Dr.  Kirk
                          April 10, 1990
        A bucolic wooden fence lines the backdrop of the park,
composed of weather-worn oak boards stretching skyward and aligned
together in a sublime row.  A few small, snow-swept pines dot the
surrounding area in clusters of two or three.  The dry earth
underneath holds the burlap from which they were wrapped, now
exposed to the wintry stillness.  The trees are illuminated by
tall iron street lamps from the parking lot, where cars lay like
toys.  Behind the fence the dark chocolate forest lays in a black
watercolor smear, blending into the indigo December sky.  Freezing
rain  pelts down with a dismal syncopation.  The northern wind
bangs against the gigantic, leafless elm trees on the hill to the
left.   Their spidery limbs lay still and are veiled in the misty
air.  The rain-water can be heard dripping into the sewers by the
cars.  Atop the hilly grass, the snow is matted from rain and
footprints.
        It is this setting that Jane Gillcrest and Ed Thompson
arrived for a midnight sledding excursion.  Jane had shown
visible excitement in that she'd get a chance to be with her
friend in such a neo-romantic locale.  Ed just wanted to relive
his childhood glory as king of the toboggans.  They had no
problem getting out of the house at eleven-thirty on a
weeknight - it was winter break, just a few days before
Christmas, and as such neither of them had any pressing plans for
the next morning, except maybe get a few last-minute gifts for
the family, which was to be expected.
  The drive there was uneventful, they had spent most of the time
admiring some of the local Christmas decorations that the ex-
hippies, the yuppies, and the future muppies had placed outside
of their respective adobes.
        Standing atop a sharp incline, Jane studied the gully
it formed at the bottom, where the thirty foot slope met the flat
field.  "You know, I don't think there's enough snow down there to
cushion our sled."  Her face bore a thoughtful expression.
        Ed was already sitting down on his side of the sled,
waiting for her to board.  "Don't worry about it.  It's fine,"
he said, and almost added: "Besides, you'll be in front."  He
patted the front of the sled and she reluctantly sat down in
deference.  "That last one was kinda close, too.."
        The rain had hardened their clothes and beat into their
faces when Ed pushed them off the top.  His wet baseball cap
barely covered his ears and was equally useless in keeping the
rain off his head.  For a brief moment they could see the entire
forest surrounding the large, white field that lay before them.
As the plastic tub dipped downward, Ed felt the euphoric feeling
of complete loss of bodily control and heard Jane let out a
fusillade of intense shouts.  her hands were bonded to the legs
of his jeans.  Those few seconds after breaking the precipice
felt like a suspended eternity to Ed, and the wetness that was
about him took on a sudden freshness.  The wind blowing in his
face along with Jane's long golden hair was suddenly affable and
carefree.  The sled glided down the hill almost completely
without a sound, yet it seemed to scream with a thunder not
unlike Jane's vocal chords.  Ed let out a whoop.
        When they careened to the bottom, the sled hit the ditch
with sudden force which flung them mercilessly from the sled,
breaking both of their screams with rude abruptness.  Jane landed
facedown in the snow, and Ed managed to become wedged between the
hard ground and the now-capsized sled.  They sat there for a brief
moment in the aftermath, the cadence of constant rainfall in
their ears.
        Jane shook herself up and surveyed the outcome of the
debacle.  "Ooow!  My back is KILLING me!  Oooow!"  Ed kept still
under the sled, fatuously feigning an injury.   "Hey, Eddie, get
up!"  Jane fumbled over to his body and tugged on his jacket.
"Eddie, you okay?   Eddie?"  She looked down at his face.  Ed let
his mouth form a slow grin and let out a sheepish, "Yeah."
        "Let's get back to the car.  I don't know about you, but
I'm freezin!"  Jane agreed and the two of them limped back to the
parking lot, their spirits dwindling as the realization of their
coldness crept over them.
  When they got to Ed's car, he had trouble getting the key to
turn, and they stood there shaking in the cold.  Geesh, this
really helps things, he thought.  C'mon, Ed, get that damn key in
there!
    "Finally!  Get in, " he told her as he opened her door.  He
threw the sled in the back seat atop his school books and snow
scraper, and started the car.
    It took a while for the car to warm up in the cold
temperature, and so Ed had to refrain from turning on the heater.
"God, I'm free-zing!  My knees are just shaking!"  he said.  Jane
admitted that they were.  "But it looks cute," she said with a
smile.
     "I hate that word."
    "Why?" she asked him.
    "Because it sounds like something you call a stuffed animal.
You know, a dog's cute, a teddy bear's cute, but I'm NOT cute!"
He smiled at her.
    She laughed in her characteristic style and said, "Okay.
You're not cute at all."
    When the windshield was defogged to Ed's level of
satisfaction, he turned on the lights and heater and pulled out of
the parking lot.  It was down in the valley; they drove up a
narrow road overlooking the slushy slopes and dark forest, passing
the pine conglomeration and left Pinewood Park.
    They were silent for a ways, mesmerized by the windshield
wipers, which on slow speed perfectly swept the droplets of rain
off the windshield in a constant rhythmic fashion.  Getting closer
to Jane's house, in the residential area of town, Ed took in his
surroundings: the midnight road, the comfortable houses, and the
pine trees.  As they were climbing a particularly big hill, he saw
a milky white light expanding through the fog at the crest of the
hill.  The moonlike glow outlined every detail on the top patch of
road, including the gravel and broken glass on the berm.  The
pines near the road were showered with an energy like a country
sunrise.  It slowly rose until it momentarily blinded them, then
dividing into two distinct circles.  Without flash or fanfare, the
smoky vapors disappeared and the roadside put its nighttime cloak
back on as the passing car drove by.  "Jane, that's the best thing
I like about driving at night."
    She was slightly startled by the abrupt break in the silence.
"What is?"
    "When you see the light from a car overhill.  It's beautiful,
it really is.  I think it's sort of a universal symbol, like a
beacon of hope.  Does that mean anything, or am I just rambling?"
    "No, go on."  She looked interested.
    "That was an especially gratifying one.  He seemed to take his
    time, inching along, getting bigger.  And the hill was real
    big, too."  With another moment of thought he continued.
    "It's almost a letdown when you see the car."
    Jane reached over to his hand.  "That was beautiful."
    "Gee, thanks.  It was just something I thought of.  Oh hell,
feel sick, Jane.  My clothes are still wet.  How about yours?"
    "Not too bad.  I've got more vents on my side."  She directed
some of the air vents on the dash toward Ed.
    "Thanks.  When you're sick, the wet feels bad tugging at you.
 I wonder if I have Ryes Syndrome."
    Jane laughed.  "No, silly.  That happens when you take aspirin
when you have a fever.  But it only happens to people our age.
Teenagers."
    Ed felt slightly nervous, and this was apparent in the way he
spoke.  "I'm feeling really sick.  My stomach hurts, and my head's
pounding."
    "My bosses' nephew died a couple of months ago from Ryes.  She
was only sixteen, younger than us."  She looked at him with
compassion, and said, "suck on an orange, it'll clean out your
system.  I know how you feel, even water feels like it has a film
on it, so don't have any.  That's because of all the chemicals
they pump into it."
    "Yeah, Pepsi's okay because it's so carbonated and you can't
taste the gunk.  I just wanna get better."
    The roads were slick from the freezing rain and clumps of
snow, and so he had to drive slowly.  They were following the
yellow strobe of a salt truck now, and it looked like it was
heading toward Jane's development.  Funny, Ed thought.  He's not
putting down any salt.
    Soon a police cruiser pulled out of a side street onto the
road, heading in the opposite direction, and the salt truck put
its salt release on full.  Ed didn't appreciate it very much.
"Lookit those jerks.  Salt's going all over the place.  It's going
to ruin my paint job."  The salt crystals whisked under his tires
and crackled underneath the car.  Ed was relived to pull into
Jane's driveway and off the trail of the truck.
    "Goodnight, honey," she said, and gave him a kiss.  "Get some
rest, you look awful."
    "So that's why you like me, isn't it?"  he joked.
    "Of course.  Call me tomorrow.  Bye."  He watched her run up
to her door, and get in, half uninterested because of the
throbbing in his body.  He pulled out of the drive at top speed
and guided his car down the road.
    Passing the city hall on the way home, he couldn't help notice
the elaborate Christmas lights his Ohio town had put up this year.
The multicolored lights shone through the misty night, making the
air cheery and bright.  Hey, it rhymes, he thought.  Too bad noone
else is out tonight to see this.
    He drove on, driving down the hilly backroads of his city.
Passing one of the white shoebox houses, he looked at it's front
light, which looked like the light on the Heritage House food
cartons at home.  It looked like some kind of beacon on the little
whitewashed wooden pole.  The light refracted through the glass in
several directions.
    A beacon, he thought.  Like the car lights.
    He forgot about his physical pain and slowed down.  Looking at
the quaint house with its humble light in the front yard, he
thought about their sled trip and how fun it was.  It was like
art, he mused.  Even the greatest artists never accomplished all
that they wanted to.  Or did they?  I sure didn't finish doing
everything I've wanted to.  There really is a limited time to
doing things.  God, I know that you can't have it all but I guess
this is the first time that I realized that you can't even have
a substantial amount of it.  That's depressing as hell, Ed
Thompson.  But it's probably true.  So heaven must be eternal art
or something?  And one thing is sure of life -- you're going to
die.  And I guess that's when everything is complete.
    Ed continued towards home, following the midnight road.
Message #1013:Explanations?
From:Hooded Shroud 
Level:(3) When You See a Chance,Take It
To:All 8/5/88  1:22:30 p.m.
     What has he done? That scum in the white house,what has he done to the
world? These changes,they aren't just financial! They're going to affect
life as well! I'm scared,and I don't know where to run! It isn't safe to
leave my house!
Message #1014:Calm Down (Reply to Message #1013)
From:The Top Guy 
Level:(10) You came to the right place.
To:Hooded Shroud 8/5/88  4:05:51 p.m.
     Calm down,Shroud. Get your facts straight. Back in February,the stock
market bit it. People wanted their money from the banks. The banks used
their federal insurance. The government printed more money,which caused
inflation. The dollar got to be worthless. So Ronnie said we would start a new uni   
unit of money,like Germany did. But no one respects it. I don't. Would
you? So this is cool,you do what you want out there. It always was kill or
be killed in the business world,only now it's for keeps. I like it.
                     Presenting: Social Vikings
                    A tale by The Flat Tire
A basement in California:
    Eyes went around a felt-covered table in a dark basement. Many people,
with something in common,focused on the Top Guy,who stood up to speak.
     "Well,what now?"
     "I have something,"answered a man. "Some new business. Here." He took
a sheet off the top of a stack of them,and passed the stack to his right.
Every person took one.
     "This is a recipe for 'how to make explosives.' We have our pal
Zombie Duke to thank for it."
     "Well,"said chairman Top Guy,banging a gavel,"this will come in very
handy. Thanks,Duke. Anything else? 
     "How about you,Land Mine? You haven't said a word for the whole meeting!"
 A frightened-looking man stood. "Do you people think this is some wild
game you're all playing at? This is the world!"
     "This is anarchy,Land Mine. It was made for us. We don't play it,we
live it."
     "The cops! The cops will get you! Top Guy,you're crazy!"
     "There are no cops,Mine. No cops,no police,no feds. If you don't  
