   Yet, can time be fooled by simple shenanigans?  Apparently so, for in the
cave the group prospered and partied.
   This dream that Hursbug (she changed her name again) had would have been
nice, but she awoke to find it that-- only a dream.  She looked around.
    There was a group of people standing about, whispering to each other
about how pretty and innocent she looked while asleep.
     She sneezed violently, without warning.
Everyone saw what Hursbug was hiding in her mouth.
   It was a marshmallow.
       =-=-=-=THE END=-=-=-=
Well, not really. "It's all Reagan's fault," muttered Noriko (ex-Hursbug et al)
as she woke up to find herself still lost in a maze of tiny little passageways,
all alike. "But if you have a dream of waking up while you're asleep, does that
mean that you're still dreaming, only you think you're awake? Or does it mean
that you've awakened at the moment you dreamed you had?"
   "I never worry about that, myself," explained the creature that suddenly
appeaed next to her, waggling its eight eyestalks in a bored fashion. The
ground tilted and they both plunged into a dark shaft, illumined only by the
occasional underground rooms they passed. "Oh dear, I shall be too late,"
moaned the somewhat ball-shaped monster, as it checked a large pocket watch
which was of course digital. Alice--Oops! Sorry--Noriko considered grabbing
a jar from a passing shelf, but thought that would be unfair to the person who
owned it.
   "Oh dear, I wish I hadn't voted Libertarian in that last election," she
sighed. "I seem to remember them saying something about repealing the law of
Gravity, since the forces of nature shouldn't interfere with our private lives.
I wonder if it will be at all painful when I land?"
   She didn't have long to wait...
   But the dreamt impact woke her up (again).
Suddenly, THUMP! she came down on a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and the
fall was over, just in time for winter.
   Noriko was now in a long hallway, lit by a row of lamps hanging from the
ceiling. There were doors all around, but they were locked; after trying them
all Noriko wondered sadly just how"SP+ was going to get out.
   Then an idea came into her pretty little head: The marshmallow! Chewing it
up thoroughly, then extracting it (which made the audience, unknown to the
girl, grimace as one), she shaped it into a key and waited for it to harden.
Hours later, it did. (Noriko amused herself by solving multivariable
integrations all the while.) She then went around and tried the key in all of
the doorlocks, only to find that they still would not open.
   "It's all Reagan's fault," she sniffled as she sat down on the huge, orange
sign reading "THIS WAY TO EXIT" pointing down to a partially open hatchway.
  MEANWHILE , IN THE EYE OF ORION, THE DOCTOR HAD JUST FINISHED EPAIRING THE
TARDIS.  HIS COMPANION TEGAN JOVANKA LOOKE SKEPTICAL.  AND FOR GOOD REASON -
THERE WAS A TERRIBLE HISSING SOUND AND THE TARDIS EXPLODED.
   A spider walked up to Noriko and asked for her name.
   She thought for a bit and said, "Call me Joanna.  My parents did."  She had
always led convincingly.
   "Well, Joanna," said the spider,"Why are you looking so gloomy? The sun is
up, the sky is blue.... It's beautiful, and so are you.  Is something wrong?
You look ever so sad."
   "There's this pest who just won't leave me alone."
   "Lead me to him!  I eat pests.  It's a hobby."
   Joanna smiled.  "Thou'rt him.  Go away."
   Naturally the spider's mind, tiny as it was, couldn't even take this little
paradox and exploded. After Joanna cleaned the spider goop off of her clothes,
she decided that she'd amused the audience enough and tromped down the
hatchway. Suddenly:
FROM AC666: J.R. "Bob" Dobbs is entering chat channel 13
   "My goodness, what ARE those annoying messages that pop by every so often?"
the girl wondered. Such thoughts ran like roaches exposed to light, though,
wwhen she found (actually almost tripped over) a shiny brass lantern sitting on
the top step. She took it as the way down seemed dark indeed, and at the bottom
of the staircase saw a shiny sword embedded in rock.
   Imagining all sorts of things, mostly centering around the E.B. White story
of the same name, she tried to extract the sword in the stone. But it was to no
avail. The only thing she got was tired.
From/S202 AC999.DATANET1/: Mr. Ronald Reagan is entering chat channel 84.
   "Pushy, pushy," Joanna thought.  "Well, I guess I'll chat with him."
She stopped reading the story, and entered channel 84.	"Hi, RR."
    "Hi, Joanna.  Is that your real name?  What computer are you using?"
   "That's really none of your business, Mr. Reagan.  Oh, and by the way, are
you for or against gun control?"
   "Well, I think every person in America should have guns." he said.
   "I'm glad you said that."  She picked up a colt-45 and put five bullets into
his brain.
    AS ALL OF THIS WAS ON NATIONAL TV, EVERYONE SAW IT.  THE ENTIRE COUNTRY HAD
A 100 YEAR CELEBRATION.  WHEN IT WAS OVER THE DOCTOR, PRESIDENT OF THE TIMELORD
COUNCIL(NEWLY APPOINTED) WAS ELECTED PRESIDENT OF THE UNIVERSE AND LEELA OF THE
SEVATEEM WAS VICE-PRESIDENT AND K9 WAS MINISTER OF DEFENSE.  [Oh my God- The
new Doctor Who board has invaded the novel!!!]
   "Whew, thank goodness this was just another of those stupid dreams," Akemi
noted as she woke up. "Some of it all in caps, too. It's all Reagan's fault,"
she continued.
   Replacing her broom-handled Mauser in its fine-grain buffalo hide sheath
(and snickering at the thought of a mere Colt) she mused for a while on the
saying by Robert Heinlein, "An armed society is a polite society", then went in
search of a way out. Hopefully she would not fall victim to hallucinations
sent by supporters of the losing side ever again.
   "Whew. thank goodness this was just another of those stupid dreams," Akemi
noted as she woke up. "Some of it all in caps, too. It's all Reagan's fault,"
she continued.
   Replacing her broom-handled Mauser in its fine-grain buffalo hide sheath
(and snickering at the thought of a mere Colt) she mused for a while on the
saying by Robert Heinlein, "An armed society is a polite society", then went in
search of a way out. Hopefully she would not fall victim to hallucinations
sent by supporters of the losing side ever again.
  She turned a corner to find the other group having wild and passionate sex,
so she turned into another corridor.  She gaped in awe at the sight of five
20 megaton bombs, just sitting there,
ticking away.
   "Hmmmm....." she said.  "I think this novel is at an end."
   "A second later, her atoms were flying across the planet in every
direction."
   "Oh no, not again," said one of the atoms to the other.
   "Yup," said the other atom, "And this time it wasn't Reagan's fault,
'cause he went up with the first wave."
   "I know," said the first atom, "Hey - those stupid Mondale/Ferraro
campaign posters are still all over.  Even nukes can't get rid of the
damn things.  And they were supposed to be such great enviromnentalists!"
   "Uh, oh - looks like we're gonna coalesce into something again.  At
least we still get to stay together."
   "Yup - talk to ya later>"
As the atoms (and many, many more) begin to come together again, a shape
starts to become fuller with each passing moment.  After several hours,
the process is complete.
   The Earth, tired and weary, looked up.  This is ridiculous, he thought.  "
These overgrown apes are sending me to peices.	 Enough is enough."  The Earth
held it's breath for a second, then exploded in a huge fireball.  The moon,
seeing what the Earth was going to do, left orbit and took cover behind the
planet Venus.
   "Venuse
   "Yes?" came a deep voice.
   "It's all Reagan's fault." said the moon sadly.
   "Yes I know."  Venus started to cry over it's lost sister , then exploded
itself.
   THE END
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
    new novel -- "
   Something's alive -- in the closet
	   by users- DATANET 3000
   It was a dark and stormy night.
Lightning an thunder were scaring the ltlle child to death. Her name was Susie a
nd she was only 5. Then, she heard it. There was a rattling in her closet, she s
screamed! From downstairs came the weary voice of her father,"Susie, be quiet! i
It is only a storm."
Susie tried to keep quiet but she was very scared. she heard the rattling again.
Then, the door slowly opened. A man with a suit riding a horse came out.
 He said,"Hi I'm Ron Reagan. What'S your name?"
  "I am not allowed to talk to strange men on horses," she said.  "Daddy!" she
called.  "The President's in my closet again."
   Her father hurried upstairs.  "So you finally came out of the closet, Ron?"
   "Yes," Reagan admitted.  "I am a homosexual and proud of it."
   "And if a man lie with mankind, as with womankind, both of them have
commited abomination: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be
upon them.    Leviticus 20, verse 13," said Susie before killing Reagan.
  "You bathtards!"" screamed Walter Mondale, running out of the bathroom with
whipped cream all over his private parts. "You killed Ronnie!"
  With a terrible scream, Fritz jumped out the second floor bay window,
splattering his body on the driveway.
  "Shit - he still has all those silly campaign posters all over the place,
and now he goes and messes up the drive!", moaned Susie.  "And that Ferarro
woman is in Gimbels on a buying spree 'cause she isn't vice president."
  Susie's mother Jeanne, arriving home in her Buick Regal from a fairly late
Suburban Housewives meeting, flashed on her high beams as she rolled into the
drive, brightly illuminating the pile of gore and whipped cream that smeared the
pavement.  Bringing the car to a sudden halt, she stepped out and observed the
mess.  She noted the broken window, pursed her lips disapprovingly, and
poked at the decimated corpse with one beige mid-heel spectator pump.
Suddenly the world was full of ..........
	       ASPARAGUS!!!!!!!
	      ----------------
Imagine, a world full of that great vegtable !!!!!
[Yes! And imagine the heroines of this novel all doing squat jumps in
a field full of that great vegetable ...]
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
New on-line novel:
		 "It's All Reagan's
		     Fault"
     by: the Data-Net 3000 Users
   Suddenly, all the stars from the previous two stories got together in one
room. It was a large room, full of people... all kinds. And they had all
arrived at the same building at more or less the same time. And they were all
free. And they were all asking themselves the same question: "What... is
behind... that curtain?"
   "Hey," Carl noted, Why is politics like broken hearts?"
   "Why?" asked all of Marianne's various pseudonyms, in perfect harmony.
  "Because both are for assholes!" continued the young man, cleverly alluding
to the Frank Zappa song. As a unit, everyone in the room brought out their
weapons and killed him.
   "Seriously, though," continued the strong female lead, "the ninnies and
twits have ruined the proceedings in this section. Some people can't relax for
a second... once their tiny little brains latch onto a thought, they don't let
go. The thought dies of lonliness and they log on here, putting junk into a
collaberation which was previously reasonably amusing and spoiling the fun for
the real users."
   "What's the solution, Noriko?" asked Susie's father, who had always liked
that name the best.
   She shook her head. "Within the current system, there IS none. You'll get
morons wherever you are. It would take a rewrite of the whole Blabb program
to do anything. As an example, if every statement left could be attributed
to someone we could at least find out who the creeps are, and take action that
way. But for that, something as drastic as putting the user number before the
text, kind of like a sub-title, would have to be written in."
   "Gasp!" the crowd gasped.
   "Or," she continued, swinging a booted heel over the corpse of her late
friend and walking to a nearby chair, "there could be addition by invitation
only. The best writers (or, at least, the ones with brains enough to stick to
a subject instead of petty ranting) would be allowed to add lines, while all
the other users could read their work. New authors could be admitted on a trial
basis; if ty didn't obey the few
rules for blabnovels, they could be easily dismissed."
   "But... that would mean having the program look up names in a list!"
wailed a little girl that no one remembered. "Do you think the Data-Net sysops
are up to it?"
   "I don't know that, either," Sheryl admitted. "I guess we'll just have to
wait and see."
   "It's all Reagan's fault," burbled the not-quite-dead body of Carl, so they
all shot him again.
	  *** THE END ***
   The man holding up the "*** THE END ***" sign was shot, and crumpled to the
floor.
   "Sheesh!" said Marlene, changing her name once again.  "You're right in the
middle of a novel and some complete jerk off walks in and tries to end it.
What nerve!"
    Just then a small nuclear warhead in diapers crawled onto the stage.  He
looked up at June (who one again changed her name) and smiled.	"Goo goo" it
said.
   Janet bent down and looked at it.  "Hmmm..  20 megatons.  Well, I guess it's
all Ronald Raygun's fault." she shrugged.
   Bill picked up the baby nuke and belched it.  He then took a screwdirver and
ended it's life.
   "Bill! It's still ticking!  Do you know what that means?"
   "Yes.  It mean we have 3 seconds to live.  After that, the Datatek computer
is going to explode in the firestorm of a 20,000,000 tons of tnt explosion."
     "Wait a minute!" said the Datatek computer.  "You suckers ain't
blowing me to kingdom cum!"
     "That's come, not cum" piped in Jeaine.
     "Whatever.  You ain't doing it. With that he  beeped  and exploded."
BBBBBBBBBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!
THE DATATEK COMPUTER IS NO MORE! AND THE SAME FOR THIS STORY!!!
END OF SUBSYSTEM
CPU=3;CONNECT=5;BOOM!!!!!
   Meanwhile, Julie (changing her name again)'s atoms were being mixed with
the remains of the earth (who exploded too) ..
  "My -- what a mess -- talk about a traffic jam!" said Atom #1.
  "Well," said a hunk of an atom, sneaking up behind the first atom," it's good
to be a group.	Talk about a gang bang!"
   "Hmmmm.." said atom #1 seductively," you are a pretty one.  Want to go to
my place and form some ionic bonds?"
   "Ahhh.. now you've got my electons excites.  Let's go"  and as the two atoms
went to go have ionic sex, the rest of the universe started to collapse.  ALl
the atoms crammed into one huge globe, destroying everything.  For a few bill-
ion years, they stayed there in a huge glowing ball, untill the pressure caused
a large explosion which sent them all across the universe.  Another uni- verse
was created.
  "Oh no, not again," said atom #1, lying back, lighting up a ciggarette.
   "YEP, BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD" SAID ATOM #2
   "YOU KNOW ATOM#1 I THINK WE SHOULD GET RID OF THIS IDIOTIC RIDICULOUS STORY T
    IN the BRAND new UNIVERSE there FORMED a LITTLE girl NAMED goldilocks,
BUT she USUALLY used THE pseudonym ANTHONY perkins.
*****************************************************************************
This is Fireman.  I have gotten several complaints about the deterioration
of blab, which was once a good idea.  From now on, all messages in the novels
will be signed so that only sysops will know who posted what.  The purpose of
the blab novels is to create a cohesive story created by our users.  If you
have the need to talk about politics [or whatever], send me mail and I'll
consider a political blab.  This novel will be purged soon so we can start
a real blab novel.  Mail any complaints to me.	Don't put them here.  And
someone please start a novel on the next line after this message...  Thanks.
					     ---Fireman---
****************************************************************************
New BlabNovel:
   "Do YOU know where your towel is?"
   (based on the "Hitchhiker" books by Douglas Adams)
   It was a rather steamy Tuesday in 1858. The Mongol hordes had been massing
at the city gates for a fortnight; panic in the streets was the rule. Soon, the
city fathers realized, they would have enough strength to storm the high wall
surrounding the mercantile center; after that, the town was doomed.
   "Oh, stop looking so gloomy," Malthazor grumbled. "It isn't like it was the
end of the world, you know." Shifting his rather bulky form into a more
comfortable position, he continued "I've seen these hordes before. A little
looting, some rape and senseless violence, and maybe a burning or two and
they're off. Really, they have the attention span of voles."
   This soliliquy, oddly enough, seemed to have the reverse effect that the
merchant intended. The thin and pale man in the corner (to whom Malthazor had
been offhandedly speaking) merely huddled deeper into his blanket, if indeed
that was possible. "And what if we're in the middle of this looting, burning,
mass murder, and other assorted atrocities?" a he asked in a quavering voice.
   "Could be worse," the heavier man mused. "We could be out of food." As if on
cue, a town crier ran past screaming "THE FOOD'S GONE!"
   "Right," said Malthazor. "Time to act. Come on, are you coming or not?"
   For the first time since the novel began the skinny wretch showed his face
from beneath the blanket. It was not a particularly momentuous occasion. As
with most inhabitants of the village, he was a vastly plain sort of human--
just the sort that directors search for when they cast crowd scenes, so as not
to draw attention from the highly-paid stars. "Coming?" he echoed, and as the
reader has probably already guessed, not in a particularly pleasing voice.
"Coming where? Going for a little walk, are we? Right, let's just ask our old
friend Genghis if we can take a bit of a stroll. I'm sure he thinks highly of
us, otherwise he'd have picked another village to plunder, hm?" With that he
redoubled his effort to become a true piece of the floor.
   As it turned out, a wasted effort. In spite of himself the inconsequential
townsman (a curd-churner by profession) peered out of his security blanket upon
hearing an unearthly noise from his
large friend's general direction. Once he saw the device rapidly growing
under the direction of Malthazor, timidity gave way to curiosity, without even
an attempt from common sense to stop what was obviously the wrong decision.
The young churl edged closer and closer as the light radiating from the
machine grew in intensity, until with a noise that was rather an anticlimax...
   ...the two men were suddenly in a metal room filled with strange boxes and
materials.
   "Witchcraft," concluded the yeoman, pleased that he had intuitively grasped
the obvious. The resigned grin still on his face, he fainted dead away. In a
gesture of almost-human kindness, the fat man covered his feet with the moldy
blanket before disassembling his machine and settling down for a nap as well.
   "Hmmm, it seemed to work for him," he mused. "WITCHCRAFT!" Melthazor
suddenly blurted in a stage whisper, then waited for a second as if something
was supposed to happen. When, alas, the sleep charm did not take effect, the
rotund individual wrapped himself in his voluminous cape and counted sheep.
  Before he could sleep long, Melthazor was awakened by a screech of metal.
The ceiling of the roof peeled off and a passing maniac climbed in, fingered
his nose at him, grabbed him, and took
off in the hole in the roof.
     I sit here, contemplating my miserable existence and wondering if there
is anything more to life than merely makig the best of the situation in which
I find myself.	I think at times that there is no order to the universe, no
central structure that unites all of us and our acocomplishment, nothing that
will make sense of it all in the end.  In other words, I begin to question the
existence of God, and my friends, I come up empty.  Why, for example, do I sit
her at 2:30 a.m. on a Sunday morning, blabbing to individuals who may or may
not read these words.  I write, and yet, I talk only to myself.  I gratify my
eago without give an iota about the rest of creation.  Do we have a purpose?
Or are we just an accident, conceived in a moment of passion and thrown into
a world which seeks to endow us with certain social bagge.  The world says that
I am a student; but am I a student or am I more than this?  Am I less than this
perhaps?  The latter proposition frightens me even the more, for it suggests
that I have no purpose in and of myself.  But if this is true, then I can merely
make a place for myself in this hell that we call human existence by trying to
define myself in terms of my relationship to the rest of humanity.
     I think that there is no value in me but that which others say I have and
that if 3 of 4 individuals agree that I do not existence, there is a strong
possibility that indeed I do not exist.  If everyone said that I did not exist,
there would not even be a question.  Though I would walk upon the earth and I
would be certain in my own mind that I existed, I could not and would not exist
if other individuals said that I did not, just as colors do not exist for a
blind man, and if they do, they make no difference to the way in which he con-
ducts himself, for he does not conduct himself within the realm of visual sen-
sory data at all, but on the contrary, the auditory world becomes important to
him in a way that the sighted individual cannot understand, for it is not so
important to the latter individual.  The sighted individual, while he ackowled-
ges the auditory world, can never appreciate it in the way a blind man can, for
this is all the blind man czn know.
	I guess that what I am trying to say is that existence is brought into
being by individuals who observe and say, "Yes, it exists and I will conduct
myself in a way which acknowledges its (whatever it may be) existence."  What
we choose to ignore cannot exist and do not let anyone tell you that, when left
to oneself, the individual can find vale within himself.  I have always been
told that KING LEAR `by william Shakespeare is about a man who must look for
value within himself.  Well, it is my favorite Shakespearean play and I think
it touches most pointedly upon certain themes.	but upon making the observation
to my brother that this was my favorite play, he, who is a candidate for a
Ph.D. in Literature said to me, "Ah, you like that play because it borders on
nihilism."  And, you know, I think he might be at least partially correct.
The work is nihilistic in this sense:  It is the search of an individual
for value outside the sphere of others, and hence, to me, it is a futile
attempt on the part of the protagonist.  Lear can search for value within
himself, but does he really find it?  Critics claim that all is redeemed at
the end of the play, and yet, everyone is dead:  Cordelia dies in her
father's arms and Lear dies of what seemes to be symbolically a broken heart.
Is this redemption?  I hesitate to say it is.  I think Lear searches in vain
and I cannot honestly say that he finds the value for which he is searching.
Why?  Because value lies not within the individual, but is bestowed upon the
individual by forces external to himself.
     Again I wonder if I have any value.  I think of the few close friends
I have for whom I might have some meaning and who I might have touched in these
past months and years.	Yet I am all too cognisant that these friends my turn
upon me if the opportunity is presented to them as has happened to me in the
past.  And therefore, I yet exercise a hermeneutics of suspicion with respect
to these friends and I wish I could say with some assuredness that I have value
and meaning for them.  But I cannot be sure.  I maintain my relation- ship with
these people as it is necessary for me as a social animal to do so.  Man does
not wish to be alone in any case and I, because I am a man, do not wish to be
alone.	And so, I maintain these relationships.  I say that I trust my friends
and they likewise trust me.  Am I sure of this?  Not at all.  Friendship is a
miniature social contract.
     I will fall asleep now and hope that I awaken with a renewed outlook
upon life.  I will always search for value.  Perhaps dwelling upon it is what
drives the brilliant men of the world insane.  And perhaps if I think too much
more about it, I will merely be driven to suicide...  Lear did not get that he
could have value within himself, without that value being acknowledged by his
peers.	Just as you believe in your existence being dependent on the
experiences of others.	You will believe in the majority, for they must know.
Well my friend, if Columbus had followed your philosopphy, he would never have
sailed across the sea, to prove that everyone was wrong and he was right.
There is no devine purpose for existence.  Make your own up.  Whatever it is
that works for you in life.  Saying life has no meaning, is a cop out.	It has
as much or as little as you allow it to have.  Life is a game of risking.  You
have choices.  You choose what you want out of life, based on your beliefs of
the world, and the values you place on life.  You judge whether the price you
must pay is worthy of the reward to be gained.	That is risking.  Sometimes you
choose what seems to be the lesser risk.  Often the "easy" way is not
necesarily the best way.  But it's always you who chooses.  No one makes you
choose.  So, I say to you sir, that if you shall choose to give up in life, and
lay down and die, there is nothing I or anyone can do to make you do otherwise.
However, if you choose to play the game of life, and make a difference in the
world, than I give you my support, and I am committed to assisting you in
reaching your goal.
As a bit of assistance, I (someone other than the above commentator) urge
you to consider embracing a polytheistic religion.  Man's relationship to
his God (singular) is rather insular; throw in a few more deities and you
have a party.  Remember: "Two is company, three is a menage, more is ... "
I think the polytheism stuff is a great idea.  the more the merrier!  but really
idea and well said (even though we should be writing a novel)
so, what's the title of this?
     Cage wrote,"It is not irritating to be where one is.  It is merely
irritating to think that one should like to be somewhere else."
     When I read this, I could not but read it again.
     "It is not irritating to be where one is.  It is merely irritating to
think that one should like to be somewhere else."
     If you think about it, you'll realize it's true.
     "It is not irritating to be where one is.  It is merely irritating to
think that one should like to be somewhere else."
     The same line appears again later in the essay.
     "It is not irritating to be where one is.  It is merely irritating to
think that one should like to be somewhere else."
     When you reread it, you understand it more fully.
     "It is not irritating to be where one is.  It is merely irritating to
think that one should like to be somewhere else."
     Where would you like to be?
     "It is not irritating to be where one is.  It is merely irritating to
think that one should like to be somewhere else."
     Does it not echo in your mind?
     "It is not irritating to be where one is.  It is merely irritating to
think that one should like to be somewhere else."
     Time beats on.
     "It is not irritating to be where one is.  It is merely irritating to
think that one should like to be somewhere else."
hmmm...yeah, there is a slight echo there!
perhaps it's just me....I dunno....
but that's pretty deep and does make a good point.  I always seem to consider
that where I want to be may require a GREAT risk which could perhaps leave me
in a worse position than I am now, but then WHAT do I have to lose?  hmmm....
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
WHAT THE
H   H  EEEEE  L      L
H   H  E      L      L
HHHHH  EEE    L      L
H   H  E      L      L
H   H  EEEEE  LLLLL  LLLLL
IS ALL THIS SHIT DOING ON THE NOVEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THIS IS SUPPOSED TO BE (AHEM, GUYS) A NOVEL OF SOME SORTS
	 SO DON'T WASTE 100+ LINES ON PHILOSOPHY!!
ASK THE SYSOPS TO MAKE A PHILOSOPHY BOARD!!
OR, EVEN BETTER, A BORING BOARD!!!
				      ---STARGAZER--- >*
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
   at this point in time (completely oblivious to all outside nano-spheres) that
I should say with some dignity that the person (s) that posted the past 165
lines of information posted them on the wrong board - this is not the "BLAB"
but rather the "NOVEL" - -and seeing that since you would rather waste time
with your information then take the time to look at what board you are going on
to, you obviously are on some kind of drug else you are at the moment that you
are typing this in in a period of deep depression/ or continuous orgasm.
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
(Oh hell, another one of them goddamn LOSERS!  ^^^^)
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
           (313)558-5024 {14.4} (313)558-5517
              A BBS for text file junkies
              RPGNet GM File Archive Site
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
               The Aduenture of Black Peter
  I have never known my friend to be in better form, both mental
and physical, than in the year '95. His increasing fame had
brought with it an immense practice, and I should be guilty of an
indiscretion if I were even to hint at the identity of some of the
illustrious clients who crossed our humble threshold in Baker
Street. Holmes, however, like all great artists, lived for his art's
sake, and, save in the case of the Duke of Holdernesse, I have
seldom known him claim any large reward for his inestimable
services. So unworldly was he -- or so capricious -- that he fre-
quently refused his help to the powerful and wealthy where the
problem made no appeal to his sympathies, while he would
devote weeks of most intense application to the affairs of some
humble client whose case presented those strange and dramatic
qualities which appealed to his imagination and challenged his
ingenuity.
  In this memorable year '95, a curious and incongruous succes-
sion of cases had engaged his attention, ranging from his famous
investigation of the sudden death of Cardinal Tosca -- an inquiry
which was carried out by him at the express desire of His
Holiness the Pope -- down to his arrest of Wilson, the notorious
canary-trainer, which removed a plague-spot from the East End of
London. Close on the heels of these two famous cases came the
tragedy of Woodman's Lee, and the very obscure circumstances
which surrounded the death of Captain Peter Carey. No record of
the doings of Mr. Sherlock Holmes would be complete which
did not include some account of this very unusual affair.
  During the first week of July, my friend had been absent so
often and so long from our lodgings that I knew he had some-
thing on hand. The fact that several rough-looking men called
during that time and inquired for Captain Basil made me under-
stand that Holmes was working somewhere under one of the
numerous disguises and names with which he concealed his own
formidable identity. He had at least five small refuges in differ-
ent parts of London, in which he was able to change his person-
ality. He said nothing of his business to me, and it was not my
habit to force a confidence. The first positive sign which he gave
me of the direction which his investigation was taking was an
extraordinary one. He had gone out before breakfast, and I had
sat down to mine when he strode into the room, his hat upon his
head and a huge barbed-headed spear tucked like an umbrella
under his arm.
  "Good gracious, Holmes!" I cried. "You don't mean to say
that you have been walking about London with that thing?"
  "I drove to the butcher's and back."
  "The butcher's?" 
  "And I return with an excellent appetite. There can be no
question, my dear Watson, of the value of exercise before break-
fast. But I am prepared to bet that you will not guess the form
that my exercise has taken."
  "I will not attempt it."
  He chuckled as he poured out the coffee.
  "If you could have looked into Allardyce's back shop, you
would have seen a dead pig swung from a hook in the ceiling,
and a gentleman in his shirt sleeves furiously stabbing at it with
this weapon. I was that energetic person, and I have satisfied
myself that by no exertion of my strength can I transfix the pig
with a single blow. Perhaps you would care to try?"
  "Not for worlds. But why were you doing this?"
  "Because it seemed to me to have an indirect bearing upon the
mystery of Woodman's Lee. Ah, Hopkins, I got your wire last
night, and I have been expecting you. Come and join us."
  Our visitor was an exceedingly alert man, thirty years of age,
dressed in a quiet tweed suit, but retaining the erect bearing of
one who was accustomed to official uniform. I recognized him at
once as Stanley Hopkins, a young police inspector, for whose
future Holmes had high hopes while he in turn professed the
admiration and respect of a pupil for the scientific methods of the
famous amateur. Hopkins's brow was clouded, and he sat down
with an air of deep dejection.
  "No, thank you, sir. I breakfasted before I came round. I
spent the night in town, for I came up yesterday to report."
  "And what had you to report?"
  "Failure, sir, absolute failure."
  "You have made no progress?"
  "None."
  "Dear me! I must have a look at the matter."
  "I wish to heavens that you would, Mr. Holmes. It's my first
big chance, and I am at my wit's end. For goodness' sake, come
down and lend me a hand."
  "Well, well, it just happens that I have already read all the
available evidence, including the report of the inquest, with
some care. By the way, what do you make of that tobacco
pouch, found on the scene of the crime? Is there no clue there?"
  Hopkins looked surprised.
  "It was the man's own pouch, sir. His initials were inside it.
And it was of sealskin -- and he was an old sealer."
  "But he had no pipe."
  "No, sir, we could find no pipe. Indeed, he smoked very
little, and yet he might have kept some tobacco for his friends."
  "No doubt. I only mention it because, if I had been handling
the case, I should have been inclined to make that the starting-
point of my investigation. However, my friend, Dr. Watson,
knows nothing of this matter, and I should be none the worse for
hearing the sequence of events once more. Just give us some
short sketches of the essentials."
  Stanley Hopkins drew a slip of paper from his pocket.
  "I have a few dates here which will give you the career of the
dead man, Captain Peter Carey. He was bom in '45 -- fifty years
of age. He was a most daring and successful seal and whale
fisher. In 1883 he commanded the steam sealer Sea Unicorn, of
Dundee. He had then had several successful voyages in succes-
sion, and in the following year, 1884, he retired. After that he
travelled for some years, and finally he bought a small place
called Woodman's Lee, near Forest Row, in Sussex. There he
has lived for six years, and there he died just a week ago to-day.
  "There were some most singular points about the man. In
ordinary life, he was a strict Puritan -- a silent, gloomy fellow.
His household consisted of his wife, his daughter, aged twenty,
and two female servants. These last were continually changing,
for it was never a very cheery situation, and sometimes it
became past all bearing. The man was an intermittent drunkard,
and when he had the fit on him he was a perfect fiend. He has
been known to drive his wife and daughter out of doors in the
middle of the night and flog them through the park until the
whole village outside the gates was aroused by their screams.
  "He was summoned once for a savage assault upon the old
vicar, who had called upon him to remonstrate with him upon his
conduct. In short, Mr. Holmes, you would go far before you
found a more dangerous man than Peter Carey, and I have heard
that he bore the same character when he commanded his ship.
He was known in the trade as Black Peter, and the name was
given him, not only on account of his swarthy features and the
colour of his huge beard, but for the humours which were the
terror of all around him. I need not say that he was loathed and
avoided by every one of his neighbours, and that I have not
heard one single word of sorrow about his terrible end.
  "You must have read in the account of the inquest about the
man's cabin, Mr. Holmes, but perhaps your friend here has not
heard of it. He had built himself a wooden outhouse -- he always
called it the 'cabin' -- a few hundred yards from his house, and it
was here that he slept every night. It was a little, single-roomed
hut, sixteen feet by ten. He kept the key in his pocket, made his
 own bed, cleaned it himself, and allowed no other foot to cross
the threshold. There are small windows on each side, which
were covered by curtains and never opened. One of these win-
dows was turned towards the high road, and when the light
burned in it at night the folk used to point it out to each other and
wonder what Black Peter was doing in there. That's the window,
Mr. Holmes, which gave us one of the few bits of positive
evidence that came out at the inquest.
  "You remember that a stonemason, named Slater, walking
from Forest Row about one o'clock in the morning -- two days
before the murder -- stopped as he passed the grounds and looked
at the square of light still shining among the trees. He swears
that the shadow of a man's head turned sideways was clearly
visible on the blind, and that this shadow wals certainly not that
of Peter Carey, whom he knew well. It was that of a bearded
man, but the beard was short and bristled forward in a way very
differrnt from that of the captain. So he says, but he had been
two hours in the public-house, and it is some distance from the
road to the window. Besides, this refers to the Monday, and the
crime was done upon the Wednesday.
  "On the Tuesday, Peter Carey was in one of his blackest
moods, flushed with drink and as savage as a dangerous wild
beast. He roamed about the house, and the women ran for it
when they heard him coming. Late in the evening, he went down
to his own hut. About two o'clock the following morning, his
daughter, who slept with her window open, heard a most fearful
yell from that direction, but it was no unusual thing for him to
bawl and shout when he was in drink, so no notice was taken.
On rising st seven, one of the maids noticed that the door of the
hut was open, but so great was the terror which the man caused
that it was midday before anyone would venture down to see
what bad become of him. Peeping into the open door, they saw
a sight which sent them flying, with white faces into the village.
Within an hour, I was on the spot and had taken over the case.
  "Well, I have fairly steady nerves, as you know, Mr. Holmes,
but I give you my word, that I got a shake when I put my head
into that little house. It was droning like a harmonium with the
flies and bluebottles, and the floor and walls were like a 
slaughter-house. He had called it a cabin, and a cabin it was, sure enough,
for you would have thought that you were in a ship. There was a
bunk at one end, a sea-chest, maps and charts, a picture of the
Sea Unicorin, a line of logbooks on a shelf, all exactly as one
would expect to find it in a captain's room. And there, in the
middle of it, was the man himself -- his face twisted like a lost
soul in tornment, and his great brindled beard stuck upward in his
agony. Right through his broad breast a steel tarpoon had been
driven, and it had sunk deep into the wood of the wall behind
him. He was pinned like a beetle on a card. Of course, he was
quite dead, and had been so from the instant that he had uttered
that last yell of agony.
  "I know your methods, sir, and I applied them. Before I permitted
anything to be moved, I examined most carefully the ground outside,
and also the floor of the room. There were no footmarks."
  "Meaning that you saw none?"
  "I assure you, sir, that there were none."
  "My good Hopkins, I have investigated many crimes, but I have never
yet seen one which was commited by a flying creature. As long as the
criminal remains upon two legs so long must there be some indentation,
some abrasion, some trifling displacement which can be detected by the
scientific searcher. It is incredible that this blood-bespattered room
contained no trace which could have aided us. I understand, however,
from the inquest that there were some objects which you failed to
overlook?"
  The young inspector winced at my companion's ironical comments.
  "I was a fool not to call you in at the time, Mr. Holmes. However,
that's past praying for now. Yes, there were several objects in the 
room which called for special attention. One was the harpoon with
which the deed was committed. It had been snatched down from a rack 
on the wall. Two others remained there, and there was a vacant place 
for the third. On the stock was engraved 'SS. Sea Unicorn, Dundee.'
This seemed to establish that the crime had been done in a moment
of fury, and that the murderer had seized the first weapon which 
came in his way. The fact that the crime was committed at two in the
morning, and yet Peter Carey was fully dressed, suggested that he had
an appointment with the murderer, which is borne out by the fact that
a bottle of rum and two dirty glasses stood upon the table."
  "Yes," said Holmes, "I think that both inferences are permissable.
Was there any other spirit but rum in the room?"
  "Yes, there was a tantalus containing brandy and whisky on the 
sea-chest. It is of no importance to us, however, since the decanters
were full, and it had therefore not been used."
  "For all that, its presence had some significance," said Holmes.
"However, let us hear some more about the objects which do seem to 
you to bear upon the case."
  "There was the tobacco-pouch upon the table."
  "What part of the table?"
  "It lay in the middle. It was of coarse sealskin -- the straight-
haired skin, with a leather thong to bind it. Inside was 'P. C.' on
the flap. There was half an ounce of strong ship's tobacco in it."
  "Excellent! What more?"
  Stanley Hopkins drew from his pocket a drab-covered note-
book. The outside was rough and worn, the leaves discoloured.
On the first page were written the initials "J. H. N." and the
date "1883." Holmes laid it on the table and examined it in his
minute way, while Hopkins and I gazed over each shoulder. On
the second page were the printed letters "C. P. R.," and then
came several sheets of numbers. Another heading was "Argen-
tine," another "Costa Rica," and another "San Paulo," each
with pages of signs and figures after it.
  "What do you make of these?" asked Holmes.
  "They appear to be lists of Stock Exchange securities. I
thought that 'J. H. N.' were the initials of a broker, and that
'C. P. R.' may have been his client."
  "Try Canadian Pacific Railway," said Holmes.
  Stanley Hopkins swore between his teeth, and struck his thigh
with his clenched hand.
  "What a fool I have been!" he cried. "Of course, it is as you
say. Then 'J. H. N.' are the only initials we have to solve. I
have already examined the old Stock Exchange lists, and I can
find no one in 1883, either in the house or among the outside
brokers, whose initials correspond with these. Yet I feel that the
clue is the most important one that I hold. You will admit, Mr.
Holmes, that there is a possibility that these initials are those of
the second person who was present -- in other words, of the
murderer. I would also urge that the introduction into the case of
a document relating to large masses of valuable securities gives
us for the first time some indication of a motive for the crime."
  Sherlock Holmes's face showed that he was thoroughly taken
aback by this new development.
  "I must admit both your points," said he. "I confess that this
notebook, which did not appear at the inquest, modifies any
views which I may have formed. I had come to a theory of the
crime in which I can find no place for this. Have you endeav-
oured to trace any of the securities here mentioned?''
  "Inquiries are now being made at the offices, but I fear that
the complete register of the stockholders of these South Ameri-
can concerns is in South America, and that some weeks must
elapse before we can trace the shares."
  Holmes had been examining the cover of the notebook with
his magnifying lens.
  "Surely there is some discolouration here," said he.
  "Yes, sir, it is a blood-stain. I told you that I picked the book
off the floor."
  "Was the blood-stain above or below?"
  "On the side next the boards."
  "Which proves, of course, that the book was dropped after the
crime was committed."
  "Exactly, Mr. Holmes. I appreciated that point, and I conjec-
tured that it was dropped by the murderer in his hurried flight. It
lay near the door."
  "I suppose that none of these securities have been found
among the property of the dead man?"
  "No, sir."
  "Have you any reason to suspect robbery?"
  "No, sir. Nothing seemed to have been touched."
  "Dear me, it is certainly a very interesting case. Then there
was a knife, was there not?"
  "A sheath-knife, still in its sheath. It lay at the feet of the
dead man. Mrs. Carey has identified it as being her husband's
property."
  Holmes was lost in thought for some time.
  "Well," said he, at last, "I suppose I shall have to come out
and have a look at it."
  Stanley Hopkins gave a cry of joy.
 "Thank you, sir. That will, indeed, be a weight off my mind. "
  Holmes shook his finger at the inspector.
  "It would have been an easier task a week ago," said he.
"But even now my visit may not be entirely fruitless. Watson, if
you can spare the time, I should be very glad of your company.
If you will call a four-wheeler, Hopkins, we shall be ready to
start for Forest Row in a quarter of an hour."
    Alighting at the small wayside station, we drove for some
miles through the remains of widespread woods, which were
once part of that great forest which for so long held the Saxon
invaders at bay -- the impenetrable "weald," for sixty years the
bulwark of Britain. Vast sections of it have been cleared, for this
is the seat of the first iron-works of the country, and the trees
have been felled to smelt the ore. Now the richer fields of the
North have absorbed the trade, and nothing save these ravaged
groves and great scars in the earth show the work of the past.
Here, in a clearing upon the green slope of a hill, stood a long,
low, stone house, approached by a curving drive running through
the fields. Nearer the road, and surrounded on three sides by
bushes, was a small outhouse, one window and the door facing
in our direction. It was the scene of the murder.
  Stanley Hopkins led us first to the house, where he introduced
us to a haggard, gray-haired woman, the widow of the murdered
man, whose gaunt and deep-lined face, with the furtive look of
terror in the depths of her red-rimmed eyes. told of the years of
hardship and ill-usage which she had endured. With her was her
daughter, a pale, fair-haired girl, whose eyes blazed defiantly at
us as she told us that she was glad that her father was dead, and
that she blessed the hand which had struck him down. It was a
terrible household that Black Peter Carey had made for himself,
and it was with a sense of relief that we found ourselves in the
sunlight again and making our way along a path which had been
worn across the fields by the feet of the dead man.
  The outhouse was the simplest of dwellings, wooden-walled,
shingle-roofed, one window beside the door and one on the
farther side. Stanley Hopkins drew the key from his pocket and
had stooped to the lock, when he paused with a look of attention
and surprise upon his face.
  "Someone has been tampering with it," he said.
  There could be no doubt of the fact. The woodwork was cut,
and the scratches showed white through the paint, as if they had
been that instant done. Holmes had been examining the window.
  "Someone has tried to force this also. Whoever it was has
failed to make his way in. He must have been a very poor
burglar."
  "This is a most extraordinary thing," said the inspector, "I
could swear that these marks were not here yesterday evening."
  "Some curious person from the village, perhaps," I suggested.
  "Very unlikely. Few of them would dare to set foot in the
grounds, far less try to force their way into the cabin. What do
you think of it, Mr. Holmes?"
  "I think that fortune is very kind to us."
  "You mean that the person will come again?"
  "It is very probable. He came expecting to find the door open.
He tried to get in with the blade of a very small penknife. He
could not manage it. What would he do?"
  "Come again next night with a more useful tool."
  "So I should say. It will be our fault if we are not there to
receive him. Meanwhile, let me see the inside of the cabin."
  The traces of the tragedy had been removed, but the furniture
within the little room still stood as it had been on the night of the
crime. For two hours, with most intense concentration, Holmes
examined every object in turn, but his face showed that his quest
was not a successful one. Once only he paused in his patient
investigation.
  "Have you taken anything off this shelf, Hopkins?"
  "No, I have moved nothing."
  "Something has been taken. There is less dust in this corner
of the shelf than elsewhere. It may have been a book lying on its
side. It may have been a box. Well, well, I can do nothing more.
Let us walk in these beautiful woods, Watson, and give a few
hours to the birds and the flowers. We shall meet you here later,
Hopkins, and see if we can come to closer quarters with the
gentleman who has paid this visit in the night."
  It.was past eleven o'clock when we formed our little ambus-
cade. Hopkins was for leaving the door of the hut open, but
Holmes was of the opinion that this would rouse the suspicions
of the stranger. The lock was a perfectly simple one, and only a
strong blade was needed to push it back. Holmes also suggested
that we should wait, not inside the hut, but outside it, among the
bushes which grew round the farther window. In this way we
should be able to watch our man if he struck a light, and see
what his object was in this stealthy nocturnal visit.
  It was a long and melancholy vigil, and yet brought with it
something of the thrill which the hunter feels when he lies beside
the water-pool, and waits for the coming of the thirsty beast of
prey. What savage creature was it which might steal upon us out
of the darkness? Was it a fierce tiger of crime, which could only
be taken fighting hard with flashing fang and claw, or would it
prove to be some skulking jackal, dangerous only to the weak
and unguarded?
  In absolute silence we crouched amongst the bushes, waiting
for whatever might come. At first the steps of a few belated
villagers, or the sound of voices from the village, lightened our
vigil, but one by one these interruptions died away, and an
absolute stillness fell upon us, save for the chimes of the distant
church, which told us of the progress of the night, and for the
rustle and whisper of a fine rain falling amid the foliage which
roofed us in.
  Half-past two had chimed, and it was the darkest hour which
precedes the dawn, when we all started as a low but sharp click
came from the direction of the gate. Someone had entered the
drive. Again there was a long silence, and I had begun to fear
that it was a false alarm, when a stealthy step was heard upon the
other side of the hut, and a moment later a metallic scraping and
clinking. The man was trying to force the lock. This time his
skill was greater or his tool was better, for there was a sudden
snap and the creak of the hinges. Then a match was struck, and
next instant the steady light from a candle filled the interior of
the hut. Through the gauze curtain our eyes were all riveted upon
the scene within.
  The nocturnal visitor was a young man, frail and thin, with a
black moustache, which intensified the deadly pallor of his face.
He could not have been much above twenty years of age. I have
never seen any human being who appeared to be in such a
pitiable fright, for his teeth were visibly chattering, and he was
shaking in every limb. He was dressed like a gentleman, in
Norfolk jacket and knickerbockers, with a cloth cap upon his
head. We watched him staring round with frightened eyes. Then
he laid the candle-end upon the table and disappeared from our
view into one of the corners. He returned with a large book, one
of the logbooks which formed a line upon the shelves. Leaning
on the table, he rapidly turned over the leaves of this volume
until he came to the entry which he sought. Then, with an angry
gesture of his clenched hand, he closed the book, replaced it in
the corner, and put out the light. He had hardly turned to leave
the hut when Hopkins's hand was on the fellow's collar, and I
heard his loud gasp of terror as he understood that he was taken.
The candle was relit, and there was our wretched captive, shiver-
ing and cowering in the grasp of the detective. He sank down
upon the sea-chest, and looked helplessly from one of us to the
other.
  "Now, my fine fellow," said Stanley Hopkins, "who are
you, and what do you want here?"
  The man pulled himself together, and faced us with an effort
at self-composure.
  "You are detectives, I suppose?" said he. "You imagine I am
connected with the death of Captain Peter Carey. I assure you
that I am innocent."
  "We'll see about that," said Hopkins. "First of all, what is
your name?"
  "It is John Hopley Neligan."
  I saw Holmes and Hopkins exchange a quick glance.
  "What are you doing here?"
  "Can I speak confidentially?"
  "No, certainly not."
  "Why should I tell you?"
  "If you have no answer, it may go badly with you at the
trial."
  The young man winced.
  "Well, I will tell you," he said. "Why should I not? And yet
I hate to think of this old scandal gaining a new lease of life. Did
you ever hear of Dawson and Neligan?"
  I could see, from Hopkins's face, that he never had, but
Holmes was keenly interested.
  "You mean the West Country bankers," said he. "They
failed for a million, ruined half the county families of Cornwall,
and Neligan disappeared."
  "Exactly. Neligan was my father."
  At last we were getting something positive, and yet it seemed
a long gap between an absconding banker and Captain Peter
Carey pinned against the wall with one of his own harpoons. We
all listened intently to the young man's words.
  "It was my father who was really concerned. Dawson had
retired. I was only ten years of age at the time, but I was old
enough to feel the shame and horror of it all. It has always been
said that my father stole all the securities and fled. It is not true.
It was his belief that if he were given time in which to realize
them, all would be well and every creditor paid in full. He
started in his little yacht for Norway just before the warrant was
issued for his arrest. I can remember that last night, when he
bade farewell to my mother. He left us a list of the securities he
was taking, and he swore that he would come back with his
honour cleared, and that none who had trusted him would suffer.
Well, no word was ever heard from him again. Both the yacht
and he vanished utterly. We believed, my mother and I, that he
and it, with the securities that he had taken with him, were at the
bottom of the sea. We had a faithful friend, however, who is a
business man, and it was he who discovered some time ago that
some of the securities which my father had with him had reap-
peared on the London market. You can imagine our amazement.
I spent months in trying to trace them, and at last, after many
doubtings and difficulties, I discovered that the original seller
had been Captain Peter Carey, the owner of this hut.
  "Naturally, I made some inquiries about the man. I found that
he had been in command of a whaler which was due to return
from the Arctic seas at the very time when my father was
crossing to Norway. The autumn of that year was a stormy one,
and there was a long succession of southerly gales. My father's
yacht may well have been blown to the north, and there met by
Captain Peter Carey's ship. If that were so, what had become of
my father? In any case, if I could prove from Peter Carey's
evidence how these securities came on the market it would be a
proof that my father had not sold them, and that he had no view
to personal profit when he took them.
  "I came down to Sussex with the intention of seeing the
captain, but it was at this moment that his terrible death occurred.
I read at the inquest a description of his cabin, in which it stated
that the old logbooks of his vessel were preserved in it. It struck
me that if I could see what occurred in the month of August,
1883, on board the Sea Unicorn, I might settle the mystery of
my father's fate. I tried last night to get at these logbooks, but
was unable to open the door. To-night I tried again and suc-
ceeded, but I find that the pages which deal with that month have
been torn from the book. lt was at that moment I found myself a
prisoner in your hands."
  "Is that all?" asked Hopkins.
  "Yes, that is all." His eyes shifted as he said it.
  "You have nothing else to tell us?"
  He hesitated.
  "No, there is nothing."
  "You have not been here before last night?''
  "No.D "
  "Then how do you account for that?" cried Hopkins, as he
held up the damning notebook, with the initials of our prisoner on
the first leaf and the blood-stain on the cover.
  The wretched man collapsed. He sank his face in his hands,
and trembled all over.
  "Where did you get it?" he groaned. "I did not know. I
thought I had lost it at the hotel."
  "That is enough," said Hopkins, sternly. "Whatever else
you have to say, you must say in court. You will walk down
with me now to the police-station. Well, Mr. Holmes, I am very
much obliged to you and to your friend for coming down to help
me. As it turns out your presence was unnecessary, and I would
have brought the case to this successful issue without you, but,
none the less, I am grateful. Rooms have been reserved for you
at the Brambletye Hotel, so we can a]l walk down to the village
together."
  "Well, Watson, what do you think of it?" asked Holmes, as
we travelled back next morning.
  "I can see that you are not satisfied."
  "Oh, yes, my dear Watson, I am perfectly satisfied. At the
same time, Stanley Hopkins's methods do not commend them-
selves to me. I am disappointed in Stanley Hopkins. I had hoped
for better things from him. One should always look for a possi-
ble alternative, and provide against it. It is the first rule of
criminal investigation."
  "What, then, is the alternative?"
  "The line of investigation which I have myself been pursuing.
It may give us nothing. I cannot tell. But at least I shall follow it
to the end."
  Several letters were waiting for Holmes at Baker Street. He
snatched one of them up, opened it, and burst out into a trium-
phant chuckle of laughter.
  "Excellent, Watson! The alternative develops. Have you tele-
graph forms? Just write a couple of messages for me: 'Sumner,
Shipping Agent, Ratcliff Highway. Send three men on, to arrive
ten to-morrow morning. -- Basil.' That's my name in those parts.
The other is: 'Inspector Stanley Hopkins, 46 Lord Street, Brixton.
Come breakfast to-morrow at nine-thirty. Important. Wire if un-
