     The detective scanned all of their faces carefully. "So, here
we all are, at last!" he said.
     `At last?' Ernie thought. "Uh, we only just got here," Ernie
said tentatively, wiping his greasy hands on his fur loincloth.
"And we really don't know anything about this, so, if you don't
mind, we'll just be on our..." He started to get up.
     "Sit DOWN!" shouted the detective. "No-one leaves until I say
so!"
     Ernie sat. He hadn't really thought he was going to get away
with that, but he'd though he'd give it a try anyway.
     "So," the detective continued. "We know you all had a reason
for wanting Lord Foofaraw dead!"
     The foursome all looked at one another. Ernie shrugged.
Captain Memory shrugged. The Fly shrugged. Sterno shrugged, in a
very un-doglike manner.
     "Well, actually," Ernie began tentatively. "No, I..."
     "A likely story!" interrupted the detective. "Here you are,
wearing a fur loincloth and a plastic broadsword, carrying..." He
cocked an eye quizzically at Ernie, "...a coffee maker? And you
expect me to believe a story like that? And just WHERE did you get
that bag of gold, anyway?"
     Ernie began to feel very self-conscious. He decided that
perhaps he had better keep his mouth shut. It didn't seem to him
that saying `Attila the Hun gave it to me' would go over very well.
     "And what about those LAMB CHOPS?!" the detective thundered.
"Everyone knows that one never serves lamb chops for tea! So, just
what is the meaning of all this?" Ernie shrank down into his seat.
     "And YOU!" The detective jabbed a finger at the Fly, who
flinched. "You blamed Lord Foofaraw for your terrible accident,
didn't you? The accident that left you horribly disfigured, and
left Lord Foofaraw free to start an affair with YOUR WIFE!" 
     "But, but, I don't even have a wife!" The Fly began, his
antennae waving in consternation.
     "All these years you've plotted revenge, haven't you?" the
detective continued. "And now, suddenly, mysteriously, Lord
Foofaraw turns up DEAD! What are we to make of THAT, my fine Fly
friend?"
     "But, but...." The Fly's antennae waved wildly.
      The detective, however, had already gone on to the next
suspect.
     "And YOU!" He jabbed a finger at Sterno. "You've had no reward
for years of faithful service, have you? You've worked like a dog,
running and fetching every time his Lordship snapped his fingers.
We know how you resented it, how you longed to even the score. Yet,
year after year you let his Lordship treat you like an animal, with
never a whimper of complaint. And NOW, here you are, helping
yourself to his Lordship's best brandy and cigars! What would his
Lordship have thought of THAT!?"
     Sterno thought fast. "Woof!" he answered. The detective,
however, had already gone on to the next suspect.
     "And finally," the detective said, leaving a pregnant pause,
"we have YOU!" He jabbed a finger in Captain Memory's face. "The
famous Captain Memory! `Through Space and Time Without a Dime' I
think you've been heard to say!"
     "Actually, I sort of prefer `Through Time and Space to a
Better Place'", answered the Captain conversationally.
     "A likely story!" snapped the detective. "We know what you've
been up to! We see you when you're sleeping! We know if you're
awake! We know if you've been bad or good, so be..." He stopped
abruptly, glancing suspiciously about him. "Never mind! The
question here is: just exactly how do you JUMP out of sectors that
aren't supposed to accept any external commands, anyway?"
     Captain Memory frowned. "What does that have to do with Lord
Foofaraw?"
     "You know very well what it has to do with the case!" snapped
the detective. "Just answer the question!"
     Suddenly, a light went on in Ernie's head. He suddenly
remembered how all the pieces fit together. "I know!" he shouted.
"The BUTLER DID IT!"
     The butler blanched. "Hey, mon!" he cried out. "What chu
talkin' about? I don' do nothin'!"
     The detective looked irritated. "Don't change the subject!" he
snapped. He turned back to Captain Memory. "Awright, youse guys!
Talk! Youse guys ain't gonna play me for a patsy!"
     Ernie and the Fly looked at each other in confusion. 
     The detective continued. "You lousy two-bit gunsels think you
can take a rod and..." One of the Bobbies came in hurriedly, tapped
the detective on the shoulder, and whispered something in his ear.
     "What...?!" the detective snapped. He laughed nervously. "Oh.
Right. BRITISH detective." He laughed again. "Pip pip! Cheerio! Eh,
wot?"
     Ernie frowned. There was something very suspicious about this
detective. For one thing, his large, British-style handlebar
mustache did not seem to be attached to his face very well. It was
slowly drooping off one side of his face. There was something funny
about his clothes, too. The trenchcoat was okay, the hat was
okay...Maybe it was the jackboots?
     Sterno gave the detective a pitiless glare. "You lost your
character!" he accused. 
     The detective laughed nervously. "Character? Vot character?
I'm not a character, I'm...uh..." He looked flustered. He elbowed
the bobby next to him. "Quick!" he whispered. "Who am I?" The bobby
whispered something in his ear. 
     The detective seemed to recover his composure somewhat. "Oh,
yes! Of course! I'm the famous British detective, Thomas Cheddar!"
     Sterno's fur stood on end. " Oh, no! It's cheese! CHEESE!
RUN!" he wailed.
     But it was too late. The detective whipped an evil-looking
weapon out from under his raincoat, which parted to reveal a black
SS uniform beneath it. "Enough of zis shtupidity!" he cried,
holding the foursome at bay. "You vill perhaps recognize me now,"
he said confidently. He screwed a monocle into one eye, and whipped
off the false handlebar mustache with a flourish. He immediately
regretted this, and winced with pain as the glue on the false
mustache tore out half the hairs of his real mustache. He quickly
regained his composure, however, and waited for some response from
the foursome.
     Captain Memory looked at Ernie. Ernie shrugged.
     The detective looked from one to the other. "You DO recognize
me, ja?" he asked, a bit uncertainly.
     "I'm sure we've seen you someplace before," said Sterno
patronizingly.
     "Of course," agreed Captain Memory. "It's on the tip of my
tongue! It's...uh..." He trailed off.
     The Fly's antennae waved uncertainly. Suddenly, he brightened.
"Oh, I get it! It's a game, right? First syllable? Sounds like?" He
began gesticulating wildly. "I know! I know! It's Fred Astaire,
right? Fred Astaire?"
     "Enough!" the detective shouted angrily. "I cannot believe dat
you do not recognize me, Sturmbannfuhrer Dr. Heinz von Liederkranz,
de most famous Nazi in all Televisionland. Obviously, you haff
recognized me all along, and you are chust toying vith me. Vell,"
he smiled evilly. "Ve shall see who toys vis who!"
     Sterno frowned. "Whom," he corrected.
     "Vot?!" snapped von Liederkranz.
     "Whom," Sterno continued. "It's not `who toys with who', it's
`who toys with whom'."
     Von Liederkranz's monocle dropped out of his eye. "Was fur ein
shtupid language! I haff no time for dis! We must get on vis de
questioning!" He smiled evilly.
     "Okay," said Captain Memory agreeably. "Why do fools fall in
love?"
     "Nein, dummkopf!" von Liederkranz shrieked. "I ask ze
questions!"
     The Fly sulked. "Why do you always get to ask the questions?
How come we never get to ask any questions?"
     "Quite right!" Sterno asserted. "And why must you always wear
that dreadful uniform?"
     Von Liederkranz stopped, startled. "Uniform? Vot's wrong vis
my uniform?"
     "I mean, really!" Sterno sniffed. "It's hardly the thing for
High Tea, is it? I should think a top hat..."
     "Puttink on a top hat?" von Liederkranz asked incredulously.
     "White tie, tails..." Sterno went on.
     "Puttink on a white tie?" The Nazi seemed amazed.
     "PUTTING ON THE RITZ!" The Fly shouted joyously, finishing the
line of the song. "I knew it! I knew it was Fred Astaire!"
     Von Liederkranz drew himself up to his full height. "Ja, I DO
look a great deal like your Fred Astaire, nein?" Of course, he
didn't look anything like Fred Astaire, but no-one wanted to be the
one to tell him that.
     "Oh yes," Sterno enthused insincerely. "You've all the
elegance, all the grace of the greatest dancer of all time!"
     Von Liederkranz preened. "Ja, dat's right! I do!" Looking
down, he noticed Lord Foofaraw's top hat, which had rolled off his
head when he collapsed, dead. He picked it up, tossing his own
military cap aside. Using Lord Foofaraw's top hat and his own
riding crop as a cane, he attempted to do a Fred Astaire-style top-
hat-and-cane number. He began to do a few awkward, shuffling dance
steps. "Puttink on mein top hat..." he began to sing.
     The `Bobbies' had by now shed their English policeman uniforms
to reveal their Nazi uniforms beneath. They  were totally confused
by this turn of events. They shuffled about awkwardly, not knowing
what to do.
     Von Liederkranz glared at them. "Sing!" he commanded. The
Nazi's lined up and formed a chorus line, swaying with the music,
singing off key "...puttink on mein white tie..."
     Von Liederkranz attempted to do some slightly more complicated
steps, but succeeded only in knocking over the silver tray, sending
the tea cups and little plastic sandwiches crashing to the ground.
     This threw the other Nazi's off their rhythm. Half of them
swayed left, and half swayed right, causing them to violently bump
into each other, knocking some off their feet. Their voices trailed
off.
     "Sing!" von Liederkranz commanded ferociously.
     The Nazi's resumed singing with feigned enthusiasm. "PUTTINK
ON DER RITZ!!
     "I knew it!" the Fly enthused. "I knew it was Fred Astaire!
That means I win, right?"
     Von Liederkranz and the Nazis began dancing gracelessly
towards the door that led to the hallway, singing "Dum de dum de
dum dum...." since they couldn't remember the rest of the words. 
     "Bravo!" Sterno applauded enthusiastically. "Keep it up,
you're doing great!"
     Von Liederkranz grinned broadly and began dancing with greater
enthusiasm, although no better rhythm. He headed out the door and
down the hall, the Nazi chorus line crowding awkwardly behind him. 
     "Fabulous!" Sterno enthused. He signalled to Ernie, the Fly,
and Captain Memory, who caught the hint and began applauding as
well. "Wonderful! Tremendous!" they all cheered.
     The Nazi's voices began receding down the hall. Sterno
gestured towards the French doors leading to the outside. The four
got up, and began tiptoeing towards them.
     Suddenly, the heard a resounding crash coming from down the
hall. "Dummkopf! Schweinhund!" cried a voice, followed by the snap
of a riding crop. 
     "RUN!" cried Sterno. The foursome charged through the French
doors and went sprinting across the field behind the house.
     In a few moments, the English Tudor mansion was out of view.
Peculiarly enough, as soon as they left the mansion it was mid-
afternoon again. The darkness seemed to have been confined to the
study. The four slowed down to a walk, exhausted and out of breath.
Ernie looked back. There was no sign of pursuit.
     "Looks like they're still trying to get their act together,"
Captain Memory commented.
     "That act has got, let's say, a few rough spots that need to
be ironed out," Sterno snickered. "I think they're going to be
working on it for rather a long time." 
     Ernie sighed with relief. Those Nazis made him very uneasy.
     The four continued walking. They were in the midst of what
seemed to be many acres of lush, grassy meadow. A short distance
ahead Ernie spotted flock of sheep peacefully grazing.
     "Sheep!" Ernie exclaimed.
     "Really?" Sterno asked sarcastically. "How clever of you to
figure that out!"
     A small group of sheep detached themselves from the flock and
walked up to the foursome. Ernie noticed that they looked much like
the other sheep in the flock, except for the fact that they were
wearing dark sunglasses. Looking closely, he could see that some of
them seemed to be carrying some objects that looked a lot like....,
hmm, well, like surfboards. "Baa!" the first sheep said, as if in
greeting.
     "Baa Baa!" Sterno replied. The sheep seemed to respond
favorably to this.
     "You speak their language?" Ernie was astounded.
     "Of course," Sterno replied offhandedly. "I was always a great
student of foreign languages."
     "But, what language do they speak?" Ernie wanted to know.
     "Sheepish, of course," Sterno replied in a patronizing tone.
"Everybody knows THAT!"
     The lead sheep continued. "Baa Baa Baa!"
     "Ba?" inquired Sterno.
     "Baa Baa Baa!" the lead sheep repeated vigorously.
     A second later, the next sheep repeated the same thing, "Baa
Baa Baa!" And then the next sheep picked up the refrain; soon they
were all chanting "Baa Baa Baa." Suddenly, the lead sheep launched
into the main verse: "Baa Baa Baa, Baa Barbara Ann...." 
     "Oh, it's the Beach Sheep!" the Fly exclaimed.
     By now the entire group of sheep had launched into the song,
in full chorus. "They're not bad," admitted Ernie. 
     "Even the President likes the Beach Sheep," the Fly asserted.
     "Of course, they're not really the Beach Sheep," Sterno
explained.
     "They're not?" the Fly seemed very disappointed.
     "Don't be silly!" Sterno sniggered. "You couldn't expect the
real Beach Sheep to be performing in a little, out-of-the-way
meadow like this, could you? The only play the really big fields
nowadays!"
     "Aww!" The Fly's antennae drooped.
     "No," continued Sterno. "They're just one of a whole flock of
Beach Sheep impersonators. A good imitation, but not the real
thing."
     Ernie thought a moment. "You mean, like Elvis impersonators?" 
     "The Sheepish equivalent," Sterno agreed.
     Having finished their song, the Beach Sheep began discussing
something with Sterno in very serious tones. Ernie, of course,
couldn't understand a bleat of it, since it was all in Sheepish.
     "So, what's the deal?" the Fly wanted to know.
     "It seems the sheep have a problem," Sterno explained.
"They're being oppressed by one of their own kind, a cruel tyrant
who will stop at nothing to get his own way."
     "Gee, that's tough," the Fly shook his head sadly.
     "What's this tyrant called, anyway?" Ernie was curious.
     Sterno paused dramatically. "They call him....the Wooly
Bully!"
     Ernie frowned. That name seemed somehow familiar to him.
     The Fly started snapping his fingers and humming. "Wooly
bully, wooly bully..."
     "Will you STOP that!" barked Sterno. "Have some respect,
please! This is a serious problem!"
     "Oh. Sorry." The Fly fell silent. 
     Sterno continued conversing with the sheep. "They're asking
our help in breaking free of this awful tyranny."
     "Wooly Bully, that reminds me of something." Captain Memory
became thoughtful. "The Hully Gully, perhaps?"
     The Fly's antennae perked up. "The Frug? The Jerk? The Mashed
Potato?" he suggested.
     "The Swim?" Sterno added. "Or even, The TWIST?"
     A brilliant idea occurred to Ernie. "I know! This must be `The
Land of 1,000 Dances!'"
     Sterno turned to Ernie with a look of utter disgust. "Look,
we've been through this before, remember? `Fondue, chocolate,
watches, `Heidi'', remember?"
     Ernie became subdued. "You're trying to tell me this is
Switzerland, right?"
     The Fly's antennae twitched excitedly. "Oh, I remember that
now! `Land of 1,000 Dances!' That was a song by Cannibal and the
Headhunters!"
     "Cannibal..." Ernie started. He thought for a moment. "On the
other hand," he went on. "Switzerland is fine! Chocolate,
`Heidi'..... Fine, just fine!"
     "Well!" Sterno sniffed. "I'm glad THAT'S settled!"
     Captain Memory looked at his wrist. "Watches? Did you say
watches?"
     Ernie looked at the sheep. He noticed that each of them wore
rather a nice Swiss watch on one of their front forelegs.
     Captain Memory continued to look at his bare wrist, and
sighed. "Oh dear, I'm afraid it's getting late. We'll have to be
going!"
     Ernie was nonplussed. "Aren't we supposed to, like, help them
overthrow the evil ruler, or something?"
     Captain Memory shrugged. "It's not my problem, you know? I
mean, we can't do everything!"
     "Baa Baa!" said the lead sheep insistently.
     "The sheep wants to know," Sterno translated. "If you can't
help overthrow the Wooly Bully, could you at least give him some
clue as to the whereabouts of his daughter? She's been missing
since yesterday, and he's afraid something terrible might have
happened to her, the poor little lamb!"
     Ernie burped. Everyone turned to look at him. "Uh, who, me? I
don't know anything about it! Why would I know anything about it?"
He fidgeted uncomfortably, compulsively wiping his still-greasy
hands on his fur loincloth. "Stop looking at me like that!" 
     "I think we'd better get going!" said Captain Memory
decisively. "Now!"
     The four turned to leave. Ernie looked back at the group of
sheep. He smiled weakly, trying to think of something nice to say
in Sheepish. "Ba!" he waved good-bye.
     The lead sheep started, and rose up on his hind legs looking
very angry and offended.
     "That was very rude!" Sterno reproved Ernie.
     "Uh, what did I say?" asked Ernie, bewildered. "I only
meant..."
     "After ALL!" Sterno continued. "You've never even met his
mother! And even if you had, I seriously doubt she would have
consented to do anything like that with YOU!"
     "Gee, I'm sorry, I..." Ernie decided that perhaps the safest
thing to do was simply be quiet.
     The four continued walking. Ernie noticed that it seemed to be
getting warmer. Substantially more humid, too. Even though he was
wearing only a loincloth, Ernie began to perspire. The others also
seemed to be feeling uncomfortable from the heat. All except
Captain Memory, who never seemed to be uncomfortable at all.
     As the sun began to set, Ernie noticed that the vegetation
around them was different, now. The warm area they were heading
into seemed to full of tropical plants. Lush flowers and tall trees
loomed ahead of them. In fact, they seemed to heading into a
jungle. 
     Ernie noticed an object lying in the grass. It appeared to be
the broken remnants of a vandalized sign of some sort. Ernie could
just barely make out a few words through the layers of graffiti.
"Pooda....something," Ernie read. "No alcoholic beverages allowed.
Do not feed the..." The rest was gone. Something about it made
Ernie feel very uncomfortable.
     "Um, is it really a good idea to be heading into the jungle at
night?" Ernie asked nervously.
     "Oh, you're right," said Sterno sarcastically. "Let's just
check into a Holiday Inn instead!"
     "Well, it's just that it's awfully, well...dark," Ernie
fidgeted.
     "It gets that way at night," Sterno pointed out. "You know of
some way to prevent it, perhaps?"
     Ernie eyed the thick jungle vegetation ahead of them with
misgivings. "What if there's, um, hostile natives or something?"
     At that exact moment, drums began pounding in the distance.
Ernie began to feel very uneasy. "Do we have to go in there?" he
pleaded.
     "No, not at all," Captain Memory pointed out. "We can just
stay here and wait for the Nazis to catch up with us, if you like!"
     Ernie moaned. "No, that's okay. Let's just keep going!"
     Captain Memory shook his head sadly. "I dunno, nothing seems
to make you happy! You don't want to go, you don't want to stay...
You know, you really need to have a more positive attitude!"
     "Yeah, right," Ernie grunted. They continued along the way
into the jungle. The vegetation seemed to swallow them up. The
heavy masses of green foliage on all sides seemed to offer little
possibility of escape. The continued along the trail, which became
ever narrower as they progressed.
     "Look!" the Fly pointed ahead. It was now almost night. The
jungle before them was almost pitch black. However, off to the left
small points of light could be seen, weaving and bobbing in and out
of the foliage in the distance.
     "What's that?" Ernie wanted to know. "Fireflies?"
     "Torches!" the Fly corrected. "It's those villagers we saw in
the mountains! They've come to meet us! Isn't that nice?"
     Ernie was still uneasy. "Are you sure they're friendly
villagers?"
     The Fly peered into the distance. "They sure LOOK friendly! It
looks like they're having a party! They're all singing and
dancing!"
     As the villagers approached, Ernie began to be able to make
out what they were singing. They were chanting rhythmically to the
beat of the drums. "Na, na na na na, na na na na,..."
     Ernie frowned. "I KNOW that song! It's, um it's...."
     "Sure!" the Fly broke in. "`Land of 1,000 Dances'! What a
great song!"
     "AHA!" cried Ernie. "See, I told you! I was right!" He turned
to Sterno. "See? This is The Land of 1,000 Dances! I was right
after all!"
     "You were not!" sniffed Sterno. "That was there, this is here!
That was Switzerland, this is the Land of 1,000 Dances!"
     Ernie sulked. "Well, I was sort of right! Anyway, this is The
Land of 1,000 Dances, so those guys with the torches must be..." He
suddenly turned pale. "CANNIBAL AND THE HEADHUNTERS!!"
     "Cool!" agreed the Fly. "Great band, huh?"
     "What are we gonna DO!?" wailed Ernie.
     Suddenly, they were distracted by a loud crashing in the
forest behind them. "Gottverdammter! Schweinhund!" The crack of a
riding crop could clearly be heard. They turned to see bright
fingers of white light, as though from high-powered flashlights,
probing through the foliage.
     "Zey must be in here somevhere!" they heard a voice call out.
"Ze trail of isotope tracers from ze radioactive lamb chops leads
right zis vay!"
     Ernie pressed his hands to his stomach. "I don't feel good,"
he moaned.
     Ernie looked up to find the other three glaring at him. "How
was I to know the lamb chops were radioactive?" he protested
loudly. "Do you think I would have eaten them if I knew?"
     "Ssh!" The four heard the voice behind them call out. "I tink
I hear zem!" Ernie quickly put a hand over his mouth.
     Up ahead, the bobbing torchlights were weaving ever closer.
The pounding drums and chanting was getting louder. The chanting
had changed now. "Oom alla Boom!" Ernie could hear. "Oom alla
BOOM!" From behind, the searchlights were weaving ever more in
their direction, slowly beginning to focus in on their position.
Ernie whimpered quietly.
     "Hey guys, look at this!" the Fly pointed to something in the
darkness. Off to the right, visible only to the Fly's huge insect
eyes, a faint trail split off from the main path. "Let's try this!"
The Fly hurried down the trail. The others followed as closely as
possible, so as not to get lost in the increasing darkness.
     The four scampered along the dark, narrow path, attempting to
move quickly, but also quietly, and not doing a very good job of
either. The sounds of pursuit behind them seem to grow ever louder.
     The trail led to a large clearing, and then stopped.
Surrounding the clearing was an impenetrable thicket of thorn
bushes. In the middle of the clearing was a large iron pot, big
enough for all four of them to fit into at the same time. It sat on
a large pile of neatly arranged firewood. A heap of neatly cut-up
potatoes and carrots lay nearby.
     "I don't like the looks of this," Ernie moaned. He turned to
Captain Memory. "Can't you get us out of here?" he pleaded.
     Captain Memory frowned. He seemed lost in thought. "Well, I
suppose it's worth a try," he said dubiously. With that, he turned
suddenly and slugged Ernie in the stomach, hard.
     "Oof!" Ernie doubled over in pain. "Hey, what....BEEP BEEP
BEEP!" Ernie was astounded at the sounds coming out of his mouth.
     "Good!" Captain Memory cheered. "It still works!"
     Ernie coughed. "What..what still works?"
     "The remote!" Captain Memory seemed particularly cheerful. "I
just remembered that a Franglian remote will still work, even if
you eat it! Quality construction, you know!" He nodded wisely. "I
paid a little extra, but it was worth it!"
     The Captain regarded Ernie carefully. "The only problem is,
it's a little hard to press the buttons! Let me see..." Without
warning, he elbowed Ernie violently in the kidneys.
     Ernie fell to the ground in pain. He opened his mouth: "BEEP
BOOP!"
     Captain Memory looked embarrassed. "Oh, sorry. Wrong button!"
The toe of his boot slammed into Ernie's ribs. "BOOP BEEP!" 
     "There we go!" Captain Memory exulted. "Now we've got it!"
     Ernie lay in the dirt, moaning. Captain Memory reached down to
help him to his feet. "Sorry about that," he apologized. "Still,
you have to expect that sort of thing if you're going to go around
eating remote control units!"
     Ernie staggered to his feet, moaning.
     "Look!" the Fly pointed up into the sky. A bright object
seemed to be descending in their direction.
     Captain Memory looked at his bare wrist. "Ah, here he comes!
Right on time!" The Captain looked at his wrist more closely.
"Well, almost on time."
     As the bright object approached, Ernie began to make it out
more clearly. It looked like, well, it looked like an overly-large
1957 Plymouth taxi. It had huge fins, two-tone paint, and rather a
lot of rust.
     Captain Memory gestured proudly towards it as it came in for
a landing. "There it is, guys!" he announced proudly. "The Luna C!
Ain't she a beauty?"
     Sterno glanced behind them. The sounds of commotion back on
the trail were increasing. "Not a moment too soon!" he muttered.
     Ernie watched the Luna C as it approached for a landing. He
noticed that it seemed to be coming in rather fast. With a
deafening crash, the Luna C slammed into the ground, throwing a
cloud of dust and dirt in all directions. As the dust settled,
Ernie noticed a hubcap rolling listlessly away, finally coming to
a stop by a nearby tree.
     Captain Memory winced, but then quickly regained his
composure. He started towards the spacecraft. 
     The driver's side door of the Luna C opened, and a lanky
individual with long, unkempt hair got out. He was wearing a loud
Hawaiian shirt, and dark sunglasses, even though it was night.
He waved at Captain Memory. "Hey dude, what's happenin'?"
     "Hey, Ralph!" Captain Memory waved cheerily at the driver.
"This is my pilot, Ralph!" he introduced the man to the group, as
they all sprinted towards the spacecraft.
     Sterno eyed the Luna C suspiciously. "This is your ship?" 
     "That's it!" Captain Memory waved at it proudly.
     "Then how come it says `Taxi' on it?" Sterno asked pointedly.
     Captain Memory's face fell. "Well...well... I was supposed to
get a limo! Well, they told me I could have a limo, but there was
this budget problem... Anyway, I could've had a company car, for
sure, except, um, there was that problem about my license. So,
anyway..." He trailed off uncomfortably.
     "So you hadda take a cab!" Sterno finished for him.
     "Well... well..." Flustered, Captain Memory broke off. "Yeah."
     Ernie noticed that the sounds behind them were getting awfully
close. "Uh, could we talk about this someplace else?"
     Captain Memory glanced back down the trail. "You're right!" He
turned to Ralph. "Let's cruise!"
     Ralph looked uncomfortable. "Uh, I wanted to tell you, dude.
We got a little problem..."
     "Let's talk about it on the way," he suggested, glancing back
down the trail. "The guys around here are, um, uncool!"
     Ralph nodded understandingly. "I can dig it!" He got into the
driver's seat, while the other four piled into the roomy back seat.
     Ralph shifted into `Fly', and stomped on the accelerator. The
Luna C instantly shot thirty feet straight up into the air,
violently flipped upside-down, and hung there, unmoving.
     Ernie, Sterno, and the Fly suddenly found themselves upside-
down, in a very uncomfortable position, laying halfway on the roof
and halfway in their seats. Captain Memory and Ralph, however, were
sitting quite comfortably in their seats as though glued into them.
     "So, like I was saying, dude," Ralph went on conversationally.
"We got this little problem..."
     In the position he was in, Ernie could see the ground beneath
them quite clearly through the Luna C's large rear window. Their
seemed to be some kind of commotion taking place. The probing
searchlights and the bobbing torches seemed to have come together.
Ernie heard shouts, screams, machine-gun fire. Then, all was
silent. 
     After a few moments, the drums and chanting began again. "Oom
alla boom! Oom alla BOOM!" Ernie could see a fire being lit beneath
the huge iron pot. It looked as though the Cannibals were going to
have their feast, after all!
     Ernie's attention returned to the conversation inside the
space taxi. Ralph was telling his story animatedly. "....so I wired
the framistatter to the quark generator..." Ralph could see that
Captain Memory was about to say something, but he cut him off.
"Yeah, I know you're not supposed to do it. I know, `Warning: Do
Not Bypass Overload Protection....' Who listens to that crap? So
anyway, it really kicked up the horsepower, you know what I mean?
And when the light turned green, man, I was outta there! Those guys
in the 'Vette, man, they couldn't believe it!  You shoulda seen
their faces! It was...."
     "So, what happened?" Captain Memory interrupted.
     Ralph became suddenly subdued. "Okay, so maybe the left rear
antimatter coupler got toasted! It's no biggie! We'll stop at the
parts store, we'll pick up a new one! It's just a couple bucks! It
was worth it! You shoulda seen those guys' faces!"
     Captain Memory shook his head sadly. "I got some bad news for
you, Ralph. The parts store's closed."
     "Oh, MAN!" Ralph was annoyed. "You mean we're gonna have to
hang out until the store opens? What a drag!" Ralph shook his head
unhappily. "So, like, when does it open?"
     Captain Memory regarded his wrist carefully. "Let's see, it's
9:30 right now.... So, I would say, it'll probably open in about,
oh, two billion years!"
     "Oh, MAN!" Ralph was really upset. "I can't wait two billion
years! I got a date on Friday!"
     Ernie whimpered. "Does that mean the ship won't fly?"
     "Hey, be cool!" Ralph said comfortingly. "Sure it'll fly! It's
just a little, uh, handling problem! That's all! Fly's great! Just
doesn't, uh, handle exactly right!" It was beginning to occur to
Ralph that perhaps wiring the framisttater to the quark generator
might not have been such a good idea, after all.
     "Handling problem?" inquired Sterno, and he wriggled about
trying to find a comfortable position in the upside-down vehicle.
"Is this part of the `handling problem'?"
     "Hey, it flies fine!" Ralph insisted. "So, maybe it's upside-
down! I mean..."
     "And sideways!" Captain Memory reminded Ralph.
     "Oh, yeah," Ralph became quiet. "Sideways. Okay, so it only
goes upside-down and sideways. Hey, it's no biggie! It gets you
where you're going, right? Okay, so maybe you wouldn't want to take
any long trips in it right now, but it get's you.... Uh, well, it
gets you to the parts store!" he concluded triumphantly.
     "The parts store's closed, Ralph," Captain Memory reminded him
gently.
     The Fly's antennae suddenly quivered. "I know!" he said
excitedly. "How about Road Service? Can you call for a tow?"
     Ralph fidgeted uncomfortably. "Well, um, I sorta been having
this problem with the towing company... There's this, um, unpaid
balance...."
     Ernie and the Fly looked at Captain Memory. He shrugged. "Hey,
I don't got insurance, you know?"
     Captain Memory suddenly perked up. "Hey Ralph!" he cried.
"What about Warp drive?"
     Ralph brightened, and then slowly resumed his glum expression.
"Uh, well, I don't think you wanna use the Warp drive right now,"
he shook his head sadly.
     Captain Memory frowned. "Why not?"
     Ralph fidgeted. "Well, it's been kinda acting up a little," he
explained. "I been meaning to get something done about it. Just
yesterday, I said to myself `Ralph, you know you really oughta get
that warp drive took care of' But, uh, you know, it's like fifty
credits minimum just to have 'em look at it, and, uh..." He trailed
off.
     Captain Memory looked confused. "Didn't you get the Repair
Requisition Voucher from the Main Office?"
     Ralph looked very uncomfortable. "Um, uh, yeah. Well, the
other night me and the boys was playing a little cards, see, and I
had this great hand! I had three Galaxies! How could I lose, right?
But I was all outta chips! All I had left was the Voucher, so I
said..."
     Captain Memory shook his head sadly. "That's against the
rules, Ralph!"
     Ralph sighed. "Well, how was I to know the other guy had five
Nebulae? You know what the odds against that are?"
     Ernie racked his brains for a solution to the problem. "Maybe
we could just, sort of, give it a try," he suggested hopefully.
     Ralph sighed. "Well, I thought of that, but last time I tried
it, I wound up in, um, Dimension 9!"
     Captain Memory was startled. "Dimension 9! Oh, no wonder!" He
chuckled. "You sure don't wanna wind up in Dimension 9, do you?"  
     Ralph nodded his head glumly. "That's for sure!" They all fell
silent.
     After a few minutes, Ernie heard the sound of snoring. He
squinted through the near-complete darkness, the only light coming
from the lights on the dashboard. Ralph seemed to have dropped off
to sleep. Captain Memory seemed to be nodding as well. Lacking any
better ideas, Ernie slowly worked himself around to a comfortable
position, and fell asleep as well.
                            CHAPTER 9
     It was dawn when Ernie awoke. During the night, the Luna C
seemed to have drifted quietly to the ground, and was now lying on
it's top in the dirt. Ernie peered out the windows. The clearing 
was deserted, but signs of last night's revelry remained. The large
iron pot was tipped over on it's side, empty. Various bones lay
scattered about. Lying here and there was what appeared to be an
occasional jackboot. Ernie tried not to look at them.
     After a few moments, the others began to stir. The Fly moaned.
"Oh man, I hate sleeping in the car! Look at my suit! It's all
rumpled!" Only Sterno seemed comfortable, curled up in a doglike
position on the ceiling of the upside-down space taxi.
     Ernie twisted uncomfortably. He was feeling very stiff and
achy after sleeping in an odd position in the car. Thinking about
it, his stomach didn't feel very good, either.
     Captain Memory blinked confusedly and looked around. Ralph
yawned. The Captain looked pointedly at Ralph. "Well," he said
unhappily. "I guess there's no getting around it, is there?"
     "Oh, no," said Ralph dejectedly.
     "You gotta do it," Captain Memory shook his head despondently.
"You're gonna have to call the office."
     "Oh MAN!" Ralph didn't seem to like this idea at all. "I hate
calling the office! They always give me a hard time! They'll
probably leave me on hold forever, too!"
     Captain Memory shook his head sadly. "It's gotta be done,
Ralph!"
     Ralph sighed. "Oh, okay." He reached under the seat and pulled
out what appeared to be a car phone. He picked up the handset and
dialed, looking very glum.
     "Hi Stella, it's Ralph." Ernie could only hear Ralph's side of
the conversation. Ralph seemed upset. "Look Stella, don't start up
with me, okay? I'm having a bad day, okay? Look, it wasn't my
fault! Anyway, I gotta talk to the boss, is he... Oh no, Stella,
don't put me on..." Suddenly, Ralph froze into immobility. Ernie
peered at him. Ralph was absolutely motionless, like a statue. He
didn't even seem to be breathing.
     Ernie turned to Captain Memory. "What happened to Ralph?"
     Captain Memory seemed unconcerned. "Oh, they put him on
`hold'."
     "On `Hold'?" Ernie was uncomprehending.
     Captain Memory shrugged. "Well, you know, they always do that
when you want to talk to the boss. You can't expect him to drop
everything just to talk to YOU, can you?" The Captain chuckled at
the thought.
     Ernie peered at Ralph. "He's not breathing!"
     "No, he doesn't need to. He's in suspended animation," the
Captain explained, yawning and stretching. "That way, you're not
aware of how much time has passed while you're waiting for your
connection!"
     Ernie frowned. "I don't think I'd like that."
     Captain Memory shrugged. "I guess they feel it's kinder that
way," he conjectured.
     "`Kinder?'" Ernie was having a hard time with all of this.
     "It's either that or Muzak," Sterno explained.
     "Oh." Ernie considered this. "Yeah, I guess suspended
animation would be better!" He looked over at Ralph. "So, how long
is he gonna be like that?"
     "Let me see..." Captain Memory examined his bare wrist
closely. "It's ten o'clock now, so I'd say, oh, about two billion
years."
     "Two billion years!" Ernie was aghast.
     "Look at the bright side," Captain Memory went on cheerfully.
"By then, the parts store will be open!"
     Ernie moaned. "What are we supposed to do in the meantime?"
     Captain Memory frowned. "Good point! We can't very well sit
around here, can we?" He chuckled. "Might as well hit the road!" He
opened the car door, and flipped himself neatly around from his
current sitting position, which was, of course, upside-down
relative to the others, and landed neatly on his feet on the ground
outside. He turned to Ernie. "Coming?"
     Ernie crawled painfully out through the open car door, and
struggled to his feet on the ground outside. 
     The group assembled themselves outside the upside-down taxi,
all of them stretching and yawning. Ernie peered into the interior
of the taxi until he spotted his coffee maker, which he carefully
retrieved. He stood up beside the taxi, and looked about
confusedly. 
     Sterno seemed to have regained his composure more quickly than
the other members of the group. "What is this `Office' that you and
Ralph were talking about?" he asked Captain Memory pointedly.
     The Captain looked suddenly uncomfortable. "Well, uh, you
know, everybody's got to work for a living..." He trailed off.
     "You mean you're not a full-time Super Hero?" the Fly
inquired. He seemed disappointed.
     Captain Memory shuffled awkwardly. "Well, uh, you know, Super
Hero-ing doesn't pay too good..."
     "What exactly do you do at this `Office'?" Ernie wanted to
know.
     "Oh, you know, a little programming..." The Captain seemed
evasive.
     "Oh," said Sterno with relish. "This is beginning to make a
lot more sense to me now! THAT'S how you manage to do all these
tricky things here in Cyberspace! You're using the Company
computer! You've got a mainframe to work with, don't you?"
     "Well..." Captain Memory seemed very uncomfortable.
     Sterno continued. "I bet you're not running all this from a
PC!"
     "Well, no," the Captain admitted. "I got a Cray."
     "A CRAY!?" Even Ernie, who knew very little about computers,
had heard of the awesome power of a Cray.
     "Well, it's not mine, personally, you understand," the Captain
began defensively.
     "In other words," Sterno said reflectively. "You're using the
Company's Cray to break into Waldo Stadium's stolen systems and
free the Cyberslaves." Sterno's eyes narrowed. "Aren't you supposed
to be doing something more productive?"
     "Hey, this is important!" Captain Memory insisted indignantly.
"Anyway, it's part of R & D, you know? After all, I could...."
 He was suddenly interrupted by the thunderous BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! of
jungle drums. A distant chanting reached their ears. Ernie
struggled to make it out. It seemed to be something like "Oom alla
boom, YUM YUM YUM!" 
     "Maybe we should, um, get moving?" Ernie suggested. 
     "Uh, sure!" The Captain agreed, glad to change the subject.
"Let's go!" He began striding purposefully forward. He walked right
up to an impenetrable thicket, and stopped, looking at it
confusedly.
     "How about this trail?" Ernie suggested, pointing to a narrow
path that led through the underbrush in the opposite direction from
the trail they had come in on. It was also, luckily, leading the
opposite direction from the jungle drums.
     Captain Memory snapped his fingers. "Of course! That's it! A
trail! We need a trail! Now, why didn't I think of that?"
     "Good question," Sterno agreed.
     Captain Memory headed purposefully down the trail; the others
following behind him.
     Within seconds the forest seemed to close in around them.
Ernie could see nothing around him but dense underbrush. All he
could see ahead of him was Captain Memory's back. He supposed that
he didn't have much alternative except to just keep moving along
the trail. At least the sound of the jungle drums was diminishing.
     Ernie began to be aware of a sound in the distance. A sort of
whooshing sound. It sounded almost like distant traffic noises. He
considered it. It was probably just the wind in the trees, he
decided.
     Captain Memory stopped abruptly, causing Ernie to just about
pile into his back. "Hmm," he said, peering intently forward.
     "You can get through that opening right there," the Fly's
voice came from behind. As usual, his hyper-acute vision had
spotted details which everyone else missed. 
     Captain Memory pushed through a narrow gap in the bushes. The
others followed.
     Pushing through the dense brush Ernie emerged on to.... a
clearing? No, it was a lawn. A big mowed lawn. About fifty yards
ahead was a large parking lot, followed by a huge chrome-and-glass
office building. In the distance was what appeared to be a major
highway, from which Ernie could hear what were, indeed, traffic
sounds.
     "HEY!" A gruff voice interrupted them.
     "Huh?" Ernie looked around confusedly.
     "Get outta da flower bed!" Ernie looked down. He was standing
on top of a dozen beautiful, but crushed, tulips.
     "NOW!" the voice demanded. Ernie rushed forward onto the
grass, destroying dozens more beautiful flowers in the process.
Ernie looked back to see the rest of the group carefully picking
their way forward through the flowers, careful not to cause any
more damage.
     Ernie looked up to see the owner of the gruff voice
approaching. He was a short, heavy-set man in coveralls, smoking a
cigar. He appeared to be the groundskeeper.
      He glanced at the group, and singled out Ernie. "Look whatcha
did to my flowers! Whatsa matter with you kids, anyway? You wanna
use the Park, you follow the rules! You stay on the trail, you
don't go walking through the flower beds!"
     "Park?" Ernie was uncomprehending.
     "Poodawumpus Park!" the gardener repeated insistently. "What
you just came outta! You stay on the trail, you follow the signs,
you don't be tearin' up the bushes!" He glared at the entire group.
     "Um, we didn't see any signs," the Fly said carefully.
     "Aaah, the damn kids tore up the signs again! Little brats!
I'll kill 'em!" The groundskeeper chomped his cigar angrily.
     "Um, there were these natives..." Ernie began uncertainly.
     "Yeah, o' course there's natives! It's a nature park! There's
natural natives in it!" He looked at Ernie suspiciously. "You
didn't feed the natives, didja?"
     "No, no!" Ernie protested. "We didn't even get near 'em!"
     "Good!" The groundskeeper seemed slightly placated. "They eat
what's not on their diet, it makes 'em sick!" He continued to
regard the group suspiciously. "You didn't leave no junk in there,
didja? Damn kids party in there on weekends, leave the trail fulla
junk! I once hadda haul a whole junk car outta there!" He glared
accusingly at the foursome.
     "No, no," Ernie protested. "We're real neat. We never litter!"
     "We don't allow no dogs on the trail, neither!" He glared at
Sterno. "Sign says so, right at da entrance!"
     "Um, we didn't see..." the Fly began.
     "Yeah, yeah, I know. Damn kids stole da sign! Awright, I'll
letcha off dis time, but next time I swear I'm gonna calla cops!"
     "We're real sorry!" Ernie began edging away. "It won't happen
again!" The group started moving slowly in the direction of the
office building.
     "Yeah, yeah," the groundskeeper was looking ruefully at his
crushed flowers.
     The Fly shook his head. "Boy, is he gonna be mad when he finds
the Luna..."
     "Sssh!" Sterno warned.
     "What?!" the groundskeeper turned back to them.
     "Uh, have a nice day!" Ernie said quickly. "Good-bye!" He
waved cheerfully, and started walking quickly towards the office
building. The others followed.
     Ernie was confused. "Why is there an office building here?" he
asked Captain Memory.
     The Captain thought about it for a moment. "Looks like it's
somebody's architecture program."
     "I've heard of that," Sterno commented. "The architects model
a building in Virtual Reality, so that the clients can see if they
like it or not before it's actually built."
     "Well, we might as well take a look at their handiwork," the
Captain decided.
     The continued over the large parking lot that lay in front of
them. It was almost empty; only an occasional car was parked here
and there. They soon reached the doors of the building and entered.
     In front of them lay a small, utilitarian lobby, typical of
cheaply-constructed office buildings. In the center of the lobby
was a booth marked "Information", but there was no-one manning it.
Most of the offices appeared to be closed.
     On the wall was a directory to the offices in the building,
which the Fly was reading carefully. "Mostly lawyers," he said
ruefully.
     "We may need a lawyer after all the damage HE's caused,"
Sterno said, looking at Ernie accusingly.
     "Me!" Ernie protested.
     "Oh, look!" the Fly broke in. "There's an office that's open!"
He pointed down a long corridor.
     "Great!" Ernie enthused, glad for an opportunity to change the
subject. "Maybe we can go in and ask..." He stopped, and looked at
Captain Memory expectantly. "Uh, what should we ask them?"
     "Good idea!" Captain Memory agreed, although Ernie wasn't
exactly sure what it was that the Captain was agreeing with. The
Captain started off briskly down the hall, in the direction of the
open office. The other three followed behind him.
     "Ah, good, you're here! We've been expecting you!" An
efficient-looking receptionist in a crisp white uniform greeted
them cheerfully.
     "See?" the Fly pointed out brightly. "They've been expecting
us! Therefore, we must be in the right place!" The Fly was quite
pleased with this leap of logic.
     Ernie looked around. They were in a large waiting room,
decorated in doctor's office green. The room was filled with rows
of chairs, and an occasional table, on which there lay heaps of
very old magazines. In the background some easy-listening music was
playing quietly. There was, as usual, no-one else there. Ernie
moaned. "Oh, man! Why would they be expecting us? We're not even
supposed to be here! What's going ON!?"
     The Fly shook his head. "I dunno, man, sometimes you can be
just, such a downer! Why don't you like, lighten up a little?"
     "Obviously," sniffed Sterno. "We must be in the right place,
because they are, after all, expecting us! How could they be
expecting us if we weren't in the right place?"
     "But..." Ernie began. The receptionist interrupted.
     "The doctor will see you now." She opened a door to another
room.
     "Oh, good!" The Fly was pleased. "You know, I've been having
this pain in my neck..."  He began rubbing it vigorously. "Maybe he
can give me something for it!" He strode purposefully through the
door.
     Ernie shuffled uncomfortably. "I hate going to the doctor!" 
     "Oh, come ON!" Sterno stood impatiently behind Ernie. "Don't
be such a baby about it!"
     Ernie sighed, and followed the Fly, accompanied by Sterno and
Captain Memory.
     They found themselves in a large room, with a dozen chairs set
in a circle. A few of the chairs were occupied. In one, a fat blond
woman sat, nervously munching something from a bag on her lap. Two
chairs to the left sat a very depressed looking young man, wringing
his hands constantly and moaning quietly. He looked steadfastly at
the floor, never looking up. A little further on sat a dishevelled,
wild-eyed man who kept constantly lighting matches. Every time one
lit, he would laugh hysterically.
     Against one wall was a chair that was larger than the others.
In it sat an older man in an old fashioned, black suit. He was
bald, with a goatee beard, and smoked a cigar. He carried a
notepad, and seemed to be taking notes on everything that was
happening. He looked up.
     "Ah, gut!" He smiled at the foursome. "You are chust in time
for ze group therapy session! Please, sit down." He gestured
towards the empty chairs on the opposite side of the room from the
other patients. The foursome sat down. Ernie carefully placed the
coffee maker by his side.
     "Oh, you must be the doctor!" The Fly observed. He looked
around confusedly. "But, what kind of doctor are you?"
     "A psychiatrist, of course!" The doctor replied. "You have
been having, hmm, some problems in regard to your appearance, ja?"
     "That's right!" The Fly was amazed. He turned to the others.
"I wonder how he knew that?"
     Sterno looked at the doctor's cigar excitedly. "I say, you
wouldn't happen to have an extra cigar, would you?" The
psychiatrist produced one from an inner pocket of his jacket. 
"Thanks ever so much!" Sterno lit the cigar, and puffed
contentedly.
     Ernie was suspicious. "You've got a German accent!" he said
accusingly.
     The psychiatrist drew himself up, looking very offended.
"Dat's an AUSTRIAN accent!" he sniffed. "I have studied in Vienna
with ze great Dr. Freud himself!" He peered closely at Ernie. "Zo,
you have zis feeling zat you are being persecuted, ja? Zat everyone
is against you?"
     Ernie was taken aback. "Well, um, now that you mention it,
yeah!"
     "Chust as ve thought!" the psychiatrist said, scribbling
something on his notepad. "Classic paranoia!"
     Ernie was about to protest, when suddenly the door opened, and
two more patients entered. Ernie looked up, and then moaned. It was
Lucy and Desi.
     "Hi, guys!" Lucy waved brightly to the foursome.
     "Chick-a-BOOM!" agreed Desi. He seemed to have acquired a new
Cuban shirt, and another pair of maracas. They sat down on the
unoccupied chairs across from the psychiatrist.
     "Gut!" exclaimed the doctor. "Now ve are all here; ve can
begin!" He turned to Lucy. "Now, Lucy, last veek you vere telling
us about your problem..."
     "Oh, doctor!" Lucy exclaimed. "It's all those TV shows from
Earth! They're driving me crazy!"
     "Ach, zo!" The psychiatrist exclaimed quietly. "Und, vhy is
dat?"
     "Oh, doctor!" Lucy exclaimed again. "Every time we turn on our
Vidicom sets on my home planet, all we get is old TV shows from
Earth! Our sets are very sensitive, and your signals keep drowning
ours out!"
     "I zee," said the doctor thoughtfully. "Und you find
zis...upsetting?"
     "Oh, doctor!" cried Lucy again. "We're not humans! We're
reptiles! We don't wanna watch Earth TV shows! They're all about
mammals! `Lassie!' `My Friend Flicka!' `Leave it to Beaver!'
They're all MAMMALS! We want to watch our OWN TV shows! About
REPTILES!" She seemed very upset.
     "Ach zo," the doctor nodded. "Und you think dat if you conquer
ze Earth, you vould feel better, ja?"
     "Oh doctor!" Lucy seemed very agitated. "Don't you see? We've
got to do something to stop those TV signals! We just can't stand
it anymore! They're driving us CRAZY!"
     The doctor nodded thoughtfully, scribbling notes on his pad.
He thought for a moment. "But, you are 40 light years from here, so
you are just now receiving signals from 40 years ago, ja?"
     "Yes?" Lucy agreed tentatively.
     "Zo," the psychiatrist continued thoughtfully. "Even if you
stop ze signals today, you vill continue to receive ze signals zat
have already been sent. You vill continue to receive ze Earth TV
shows..." He paused expectantly. "...for ze NEXT 40 YEARS!"
     "NO!" Lucy screamed. She buried her face in her arms, sobbing
hysterically. "I can't stand it! I just can't stand it!" She
continued to sob uncontrollably. Ricky patted her back. "Chick-a-
BOOM!" he said commiseratingly.
     The Fly's eyes clouded sympathetically. "Aw, gee!" His
antennae waved in consternation. "I hate to see a woman cry!"
     Sterno nodded sagely. "I suppose I can see her point." He
thought for a moment. "I've always rather enjoyed `Lassie',
though."
     A thought popped into Ernie's head. "What about `Rin-Tin-
Tin'?"
     "Not bad," Sterno agreed thoughtfully, puffing on his cigar.
He looked almost like a canine version of the psychiatrist. "And
then there's `Sgt. Preston of the Yukon'. It wouldn't be a bad
show, if only King could get rid of that silly fellow in the red
suit!"
     "MAMMALS!" Lucy screamed, sobbing with renewed intensity.
     The psychiatrist stroked his beard thoughtfully. "Zere is,
perhaps, a solution!"
     "Yes?" Lucy looked up expectantly, her makeup streaked by
tears. It seemed to Ernie that he could see a hint of something
green beneath it.
     "Perhaps... ze time machine!" the doctor seemed deep in
thought. 
     Ernie turned to Captain Memory in confusion. "Time machine?"
he whispered.
     "It isn't a real time machine," the Captain explained. It's a
Virtual time machine. You aren't actually travelling through time,
but you might as well be. Like when we went back to four billion
B.C."
     "Oh." Ernie was not exactly following this, but he noticed the
others glaring at him, so he decided to stop.
     The psychiatrist continued. "Perhaps, you could go back in
time, back 40 years, und stop zese signals before zey start?"
     "Oh doctor!" Lucy cried hopefully. "Do you really think it
would work?"
     "Stop TV!?" cried the Fly, obviously very upset at the
thought. "Oh, no! How could we survive without TV!? It would be the
end of... of..." The Fly tried hard to think what it would be the
end of. "Of civilization AS WE KNOW IT!" he cried triumphantly.
     "True," the psychiatrist agreed pensively. Lucy's eyes began
to fill with tears.
     "But, perhaps..." the doctor continued slowly. Lucy peered at
him expectantly.
     The psychiatrist went on. "Perhaps it would not be stopped,
but chust changed a little. So dot it vould not be a bother to ze
space creatures!"
     Lucy sat up excitedly. "Oh, yes! Yes!" She turned to Ricky.
