represented. Perhaps he thought the iron cross a weapon. I 
cannot tell. He raised his wand and pointed it toward Jeromy. 
    If Jeromy had stopped, I believe, the creature would not 
have loosed the fury of the weapon upon him. He had only 
chased men away before. 
    Jeromy's chest burst into flame and the monk was thrown 
violently back and clearly killed, his face frozen in 
astonished death. 
    Martin dropped his cross and ran. 
    The demon made no effort to chase him. 
    "Now, bowman!" 
    O'Dounille loosed his arrow. 
    It found its mark in the demon's shoulder. The demon let 
 out a cry and fell backwards from the force, dropping the 
long wand. I have never seen O'Dounille err by so much as an 
inch. And yet, he only wounded the demon. 
    Before I could think, my Lord Aquith and Sir Cullier 
ran to the fallen creature and prevented him from recovering 
his wand by placing the blades of their broadswords to the 
throat. If the demon moved, he would be dead. 
    Sir Michael watched where his master couldn't in the 
event another demon lurked in the dark. 
    "Pip!" My Lord Aquith shouted. "Come here!" 
    I ran to him. 
    "Look at his eyes, Pip! Is this a demon?" 
    I stuttered and cleared my throat as I looked at the 
darting, fearful eyes. "No, my Lord Aquith! He is a man, 
misshapen as I am, but a man!" Indeed, his ears were too 
small for his head and of an odd shape. His skin was 
unnaturally white but the eyes told all. Aside from their red 
color, they belonged to a man. 
    Martin came up. "A demon, Lord Aquith! It is a demon! 
Strike it dead!" 
    My Lord Aquith struck Martin with the back of his mailed 
hand. "You left your brother and dropped the sign of your 
god! You feared that the promised paradise was an empty 
claim. You have no faith! Among us, you no longer have a 
voice! Go back to your bishop and report what happened! Take 
care that you report honestly or you will fear my wrath! I 
promise you, Martin, that your kind will no longer trouble 
me. 
    Martin fled. 
    "My Lord Aquith," I said. I could no longer restrain 
myself. "Why did you not use his own wand against him. You 
bear it in your tunic?" 
    He laughed. "Politics, Pip! If I had used the demon's 
weapon in the sight of the monks, the Church would charge me 
and I would burn. Could I resist the combined force of my 
enemies if they were given the blessing of the Church to 
steal my lands?" 
    I blinked. 
    He stooped and looked me directly in the face. "All is 
politics, my friend. Even the capture of demons!" 
    I regarded the now helpless creature. O'Dounille was 
applying herbs and bandages to the demon's wound. "You didn't 
kill by choice?" 
    Firmly, O'Dounille said, "I never miss!" 
    Overhearing my query, my Lord Aquith supplied. "If fear 
of the unknown were a crime deserving of death, I would have 
to kill not only this creature but all of us. This poor 
individual is only guilty of being in a strange country where 
even the elements seem hostile. The bowman obeys my will." 
    "And his corruption of Mary?" I stammered. 
    "I think it was the reverse, Pip! For her crimes, Mary 
will be lashed and sent to a nunnery to serve her namesake." 
    "And Jeromy's death?" 
    "I engineered that! The sin is on my soul, not this poor 
demon's. I shall excuse it as political necessity for my 
conscience's sake. Jeromy and his brothers were ready to put 
people to the torch. I want none of that in my lands. 
Undoubtedly, it will cause me some financial pain since the 
bishop is a greedy man. He is not like his patron, Patrick, 
thank the gods, who was a fanatic. Greed is a useful 
political tool for curing disputes which could otherwise 
become violent." 
    "At last, we will be free of these troublesome monks!" 
Sir Cullier added, still guarding the creature with his 
exposed blade. 
    My Lord Aquith placed his hand on the shoulder of his 
comrade-at-arms. "I wish that were so, old friend. I venture 
to guess that these Christians will plague us again in a few 
years time." 
    "Do you judge this creature as faultless, then?" I 
ventured. 
    "Merely luckless, Pip! Not faultless! Look at him! He 
is a wounded soldier left to die by his retreating fellows. 
His one crime, in my eyes, is that he was careless with his 
weapon and caused my people harm. Had any died at Mary's 
hand, he would have died with her on the gallows. But none 
did so their lives are saved. The arrow has made his arm 
useless and is punishment enough for a warrior." 
    My Lord Aquith turned to Sir Michael. "Gather a party 
of villagers and cover the metal vessel with earth! Until 
the trees grow back, this place is forbidden!" 
    "Aye, Lord!" 
    "Vessel?" I repeated. 
    "He was a sailor of the skies using the stars as harbors. 
Now, he is as earthbound as we. His people have great 
knowledge and can create great works. Still, I don't think 
they are gods or demons. They have too many of the same 
qualities we have. Fear, lust, war and ...despair." 
                              VI 
    Even as I write these final lines, I look from the window 
to see the demon sitting in the courtyard. He is morose and 
searching the heavens in false hope. For the last several 
days, his bonds have been removed and the guards ignore him. 
There's no place for him to go. 
    He eats little and shows no interest in those around him. 
He makes no effort to learn our speech and says little in 
his. If the women hadn't thrown a blanket over his shoulders, 
he would have no protection against the lightly falling snow. 
When he does speak, the speech is directed at himself. 
    He is pitiful and I fear he will soon die. 
    "He knows he is abandoned." My Lord Aquith says as he 
looks over my shoulder. "A man who cannot adjust himself to 
the situation at hand has naught but my contempt, Pip. He is 
less than a man. You, dear Pip, are a true man. Fate gave you 
poor legs and a deformed back and you're burdened with the 
contempt of the unthinking. Yet, you go on. You serve a 
useful life." 
    He places his hand on my shoulder and walks to the wall 
to prepare the mortar which will seal these words and the two 
demon weapons firmly in the Keep. 
(C) Copyright 1987 by Yves Barbero                415-285-4358 
                   1073 Dolores Street 
                   San Francisco, CA 94110 
Yes, you are welcome to download this story for your private 
     and non-commercial use. 
Yes, please upload this story to other non-commercial 
     bulletin boards. 
Yes, if you enjoyed MY LORD AQUITH and you don't have ten 
     kids to feed, encourage me to upload other stories by 
     sending me a few bucks to buy groceries and keep the 
     wolf from the door. 
Yes, if you want to make other uses of the story, please 
     contact me for permission and to make arrangements. 
     It does belong to me. 
                         - THE END -
                      A SHAREWARE TRIAL PROJECT
         YOUR SUPPORT WILL ENSURE THE SUCCESS OF THIS ENDEAVOR
       PLEASE SELECT "FOR FURTHER EMJOYMENT" FROM THE MAIN MENU
                     THE ARCTIC CIRCLE AND BEYOND
                                  BY
                             JIM PRENTICE
     COPYRIGHT 1990, JIM PRENTICE, BRANDON, MANITOBA, CANADA
          The Arctic. Hardly the place for a private pilot
     from Southern Manitoba.
          The conditions and expenses involved in a flight
     north of the arctic circle eliminate all but the very
     fortunate, or the very rich.
          The high arctic has it's own mystique. Countless
     reams have been written about the challenges, hard
     ships, triumphs, and defeats of Arctic travellers. I
     doubt if there will ever be a time which parallels the
     present for entrepreneurs north of the tree line.
          As technology grows in more southern climes, so
     grows the demand in the northern areas. The government
     controls much of the advances in technology in the
     northern communities, whether through political
     maneuvering, or outright favoritism.
          Whatever the reason, the task of getting the job
     done often rests on the more energetic and ambitious
     businessman.
          It is to my great advantage that I am a good
     friend of one of these businessmen.
          Gordon owns a plumbing and heating business in The
     Pas, in Northern Manitoba. He has many contracts in the
     local area, and does quite well by them. His business
     is different, in that he also has contracts in the high
     arctic.
          Through contracts with DPW (Department of Public
     Works), he has crews in the high arctic. They are
     installing plumbing and heating equipment in new
     construction projects, and refurbishing older
     installations.
          To some, this may seem to be a lucrative contract.
     In some ways, it is. If you discount the logistic
     problems involved in installing a heating system in a
     school, perhaps 1000 miles from the nearest high way,
     you may come to realize the complexities involved.
          Literally everything used in this project must
     come in by air. Men, equipment, tools, and material.
     The tools are not the simple box of wrenches required
     by a mechanic. Nor the assortment of screwdrivers and
     pliers of an electrician.
          The heating expert must bring in the equipment
     required to convert sheet metal into ductwork. The
     breaks, and rollers. The shears, hammers, formers and
     other heavy tools needed to transform the sheets of
     galvanized iron into a complete heating system.
          There are no suppliers up here. If an item is
     forgotten in the estimate, it must be flown in. Not
     from a nearby city, nor from the handy neighborhood
     wholesaler. It must be brought in from the home office.
     In this case, a flight of over 1000 miles.
          To explain my involvement in this, let me explain
     the situation.
          My logbook reflects that I had moved, with my
     family, from Gillam, a more remote community, to The
     Pas, on October 7th, 1977.
          With the unfathomable reasoning with which all
     bankers seem to be born, my local branch manager
     informed me that I would either have to sell my
     airplane, or live in it. I was trying to arrange a
     mortgage at the time.
          I sold my "creampuff" 1954 Cessna 170B, complete
     with the expensive 180 HP. conversion we had done the
     year before. We bought a house. After which my
     allseeing bank manager told me I could buy another
     airplane, "If I wished."
          I wished, for another 2 years, but that is another
     story.
          Actually, that other story leads right into this
     one. To keep it brief, I had bought and restored
     another airplane, a 1947 Stinson 108 3, I had done the
     restoration in Gordon's hangar. We came to know each
     other rather well.
          In April of 1982, Gordon phoned me with an offer.
          The auto pilot in his twin engine Beech Travelair
     had packed up. He had to make a trip to the arctic to
     carry supplies, and check on the progress of his men on
     a school project.
          You can imagine my surprise when Gord called me to
     go with him as second pilot, all expenses paid.
          As it happened, I was scheduled for a four day
     weekend from my own job. I phoned my foreman, just in
     case, and told him I was going up to the Arctic for a
     few days.
          April 9, 1982. Gordon and I, a full load of fuel,
     plumbing equipment, and survival gear, headed north.
          We stopped at Lynne Lake, Churchill, and Baker
     Lake for fuel. In early afternoon we arrived at Gjoa
     Haven, a small Eskimo hamlet on King William Island. We
     were more than 100 miles north of the Arctic Circle.
          To be this far north was one thing, to have flown
     it was something else.
          Gordon had been up here many times before. He read
     a playboy magazine while I flew the aircraft.
          This wouldn't normally present a problem, except
     that the directional gyro was on his side of the panel.
     Each time I did an instrument scan, I had to lift his
     book to see the guages.
          Now you might ask, what is a VFR private pilot
     doing on instruments, north of the Arctic Circle? I may
     have asked myself the same question. I had done a bit
     of instrument flight, and Gord had a rating. All I was
     doing was holding altitude and course.
          I didn't have much choice. After our trip, I was
     asked to explain what it was like to fly the arctic in
     winter.
          The only way I can summarize the flight is like
     this: Assume you are standing at the center of the 50
     yard line of a football stadium. The sky, the
     sidelines, and the seating area are all painted sky
     blue. The playing field is all snow white, and you are
     1/4 inch high. That is what it is like to fly VFR in
     the winter Arctic.
          There is absolutely nothing to relate to. The
     horizon is obscured by ice fog, the sky above is clear
     blue. The land below is a continuous stretch of
     featureless white snow.
          During the flight to Gjoa Haven, I was curious.
     Would we see any Musk Ox, or Caribou? I kept looking
     over the side, hoping to see some wildlife.
          Between looking for animals, and flying the twin,
     I began to get a bit queasy. I asked Gord to take
     control as I swung the yoke over to his side.
          "I noticed you were getting erratic about 20
     minutes ago." he said. "I thought I would leave it to
     you for a while."
          I think that was the greatest compliment I have
     ever received on my flying. Here we were, about to
     cross the arctic circle, and Gord is waiting to see if
     I could handle it.
          I must admit, if I had been alone, the results
     would have been disastrous. I had vertigo so bad I
     wasn't sure if we were right side up.
          Gord took control and continued the flight. I
     concentrated on the artificial horizon, trying to
     reestablish a reference point for my equilibrium. There
     was no use looking out the window, there was nothing
     but ice, snow, and blue sky.
          I relaxed for an hour, at first concentrating on
     the gyro horizon, reestablishing where "up" was. I read
     Gord's book for a while, then did some dead reckoning
     computations to estimate our location. We were about
     one hour out of Gjoa Haven when I resumed control of
     the airplane.
          At last we began to receive the faint signal from
     the Gjoa Haven beacon. We were within a few degrees of
     our proper course. We had been flying by dead reckoning
     for an hour. The beacon at Baker Lake only serving us
     long enough to establish our drift corrections.
          Our calculations indicated we should soon see King
     William Island, on which Gjoa Haven is located.
          The view was the same in all directions, I asked
     Gord to take over control, I wanted to take some
     pictures.
          I tried to focus the camera, there was nothing to
     focus on except the wingtip. I set the lens at infinity
     and took shots straight ahead, downward, and to either
     side.
          Again I found myself looking for wildlife, to no
     avail.
          Have you ever asked a person where they were going
     and had them reply: "Nowhere"?
          Now I knew where "nowhere" was. There is no sense
     of movement, the unbroken expanse of ice and snow
     stretches to all horizons. I felt as though I was
     hanging on a string. The slight oscillations of the
     aircraft, and the reading on the airspeed indicator,
     had to be coupled to the drone of the engines to
     believe we were moving.
          The only time I could actually see anything below
     was when we flew along the coast of Hudson's Bay. The
     tidal action of the bay waters caused ridges in the ice
     along the shore.
          I was scanning the white nothingness in front of
     us. Straining to find the tiny hamlet. At last I saw
     some black specks, slightly to our left, about 10 miles
     distant. Gordon agreed.
          Throttling back, he began the descent. The landing
     strip is located about a mile from the village. I
     searched for the airport, nothing but black spots, a
     sharp contrast after five hours of pure white.
          Suddenly, Gord applied power and pulled up into a
     climb. "That's not Gjoa Haven," he shouted.
          He was right. I could see now that we had been set
     up for a straight in approach to a pile of rocks on the
     west end of the island. Gjoa Haven was a few miles
     farther on. If I had not spotted the rocks, Gord would
     have continued the approach to the beacon.
          Our fuel stop at Baker Lake had been incredibly
     cold. The wind gave a chill factor equivalent to nearly
     100 degrees below zero.  I dreaded the thought of
     leaving the aircraft again.  We were now 350 miles
     farther north, it would be even colder.
          I was pleasantly surprised. It was 15 degrees
     warmer, and the winds were calm. A balmy twenty five
     degrees below zero, Fahrenheit.
          We hitched a ride to the village in an old truck.
     The buildings seemed to be scattered at random around
     what appeared to be the shoreline.
          Sled dogs were tied up everywhere. Their incessant
     barking followed us as we walked to the school. The law
     of the land requires the dogs to be tied at all times.
     A dog on the loose may be shot on sight. I could see
     part of the reason.
          Most of the houses had boxes of Caribou meat
     sitting outside. The hides of the animals were draped
     over railings. The dogs seemed vicious. If they were
     loose, I assure you, I would not walk the village
     unarmed. I have no doubt they would devour all the meat
     in sight. The thought of a fight between these large,
     muscular, animals raises thoughts of the jungle.
          We had lunch in a crude, sectioned off portion of
     what appeared to be an old warehouse. The homecooked
     meal, though plain, was excellent.
          We walked over to the school, the subject of
     Gordon's contract.
          It is a new building, several classrooms and a
     gymnasium. The latter could have been in a modern
     school in a major city. The floor is sprung in the
     modern way, in that it gives underfoot, then springs
     back.
          The classrooms are equally bright and cheery,
     equipped with all modern conveniences and teaching
     aids.
          The school is built on stilts, several feet above
     the ground. The purpose is to prevent the heat of the
     building penetrating the soil, thus melting the
     permafrost. Once the permanent frost melted, the
     building would lose its solid foundation. It would sink
     into the deep moss of the tundra.
          We inspected the battery of ten furnaces, seven of
     them designed to heat the school in even the severest
     arctic conditions. Four of these could keep the
     building reasonably warm, three were backup systems.
          Having unloaded and delivered the needed supplies
     and equipment, the aircraft was ready for the trip
     home.
          On our return flight, we duplicated the fuel stop
     at Baker lake. Gordon went over to the Meteorological
     office to check the weather. I was left to fuel the
     aircraft.
          No full service here. If you want fuel, pump it
     yourself!
          The fuel "office" is a long narrow building which
     was, at one time, a mobile home.  There is no heat, and
     the doors do not close.
          I dragged the heavy hose to the aircraft,
     connected the grounding wire, and began the refueling.
     I was wearing a heavy skidoo suit and a down filled
     parka. The hood was pulled up and the "schnorkel" was
     pulled out in front of my face. I wore heavy wool mitts
     encased in leather shells.
          The wind was out of the north at 25 MPH. the
     temperature was minus 35 degrees Fahrenheit.
          The Beech has 4 fuel tanks, 2 per wing. It seemed
     to take hours to fill each tank. The wind cut through
     my clothing. First my feet began to get cold, then my
     knees. I had to open the "schnorkel" hood in order to
     peer into the tank. The wind felt like a hot knife on
     my face. I turned away for relief.
          At that moment, the tank over flowed. The
     supercold fuel ran off the wing, onto my leg. The pain
     was excruciating. My mitts were soaked with the stuff.
     I should have quit and ran to shelter.
          I continued the process, topping up each of the
     four tanks. I pulled the hose back to the fuel shed,
     leaving just enough room to taxi the aircraft.
          By now my feet, legs, and hands were numb. My face
     burned from the vicious wind. I ran to the fueling
     office, expecting some heat.
          The door was partially open, blocked by a
     snowdrift. I shouldered the door. My 220 pounds forced
     it open. Entering the building, I found the snowdrift
     extended nearly 20 feet inside, tapering to nothing
     from it's initial depth of nearly three feet.
          It was cold in the building, but I was out of the
     mankilling wind. I stamped my feet and swung my arms, I
     had to get some circulation going. Removing my mitts, I
     unzipped my parka and snow suit, placing my hands in my
     armpits.
          I was still doing my dance routine when Gordon
     returned.
          "I'll start the engines and get the heat on, then
     you come out." He shouted, above the howl of the wind.
          The Beechcraft has a fuel burning heater in the
     nose compartment. I had complained on the way up that
     it was too warm. I certainly felt different now.
          I had my boots and mitts off, soaking up the heat
     as Gord taxied for departure. As he turned onto the
     runway I turned to him, saying, "Now I know why you
     brought me along."
          He laughed and replied, "Sure. I'm getting too old
     for that nonsense."
          An hour out of Baker Lake I was again at the
     controls. I wanted something to do to take my mind from
     the pain of chilblains.
          Once again we were in the area between beacons. We
     had left Baker Lkae behind and could not yet hear
     Churchill on the ADF.
          An inner sense seemed to tell me we were off
     course. The directional gyro seemed to be indicating a
     turn. I tried to correct it. Suddenly, I realized the
     gyro was precessing! I used the turn and bank, along
     with the gyro horizon, to return to straight and level
     flight.
          Gord, slumbering in the left seat, woke with a
     start. "What's up?" He asked.
          I was trying to reset the instrument. "We lost the
     gyro," I replied. "It just started to precess, I'm off
     course, and still nothing on the ADF."
          I was getting nervous! We were midway between the
     only two airports! No ADF, no VOR, and now no gyro. Map
     reading was out of the question. No identifiable
     terrain.
          Gordon took his note book from his map case. He
     did a computation based on our last known Latitude, the
     time in GMT, added a number and multiplied.
          "Fly straight into the sun!" he commanded.
          I did as I was told, holding a steady course
     straight at the fiery globe.
          Gord reached over and reset the D.G. The error had
     been nearly 100 degrees.
          "Now resume your original heading, we should be
     very close." He stowed the book and began scanning the
     frequencies on the ADF.
          I thought about his procedure, it made sense.
     Later I asked him for the formula, it might come in
     handy to me some day.
          We flew on in silence. I concentrated on the
     instruments, while Gord alternated between dead
     reckoning and the ADF.
          At last we began to receive the Churchill beacon.
     Weak and varying at first, it slowly increased until we
     had a dependable reading. We were less than three
     degrees off course. The formula had worked!
          We landed in Churchill, fueled, and had coffee
     from the vending machine. After a stretch, and a visit
     to the men's room, we continued our journey.
          We were, of course, below the tree line in a few
     moments. This definite line, the sudden transition from
     no trees to a solid spruce forest is always a welcome
     sight.
          I was back in my own element now. In the company
     helicopter, and in my Cessna, I had flown more than a
     thousand hours in this region. At last I had a
     reference besides the instruments. I relaxed.
           Soon we could see the flashing strobe lights on
     the smelter stack towering 500 feet above the mill at
     Thompson. Beyond the flashing strobes we soon saw the
     lights of Snow Lake. Minutes later,  the smelter stack
     of Flin Flon appeared off our right wing.
          I tuned the VOR receiver to The Pas. The welcome
     Morse identifier "Y Q D" welcomed us. Gordon gave no
     indication of assuming control for the landing. He
     normally handled this part of the flying.
          I throttled back and adjusted pitch for a gradual
     descent, straight in to the long concrete runway. We
     touched down, with a thud, and taxied in.
          We normally operated from the short gravel strip
     at the flying club beside Grace Lake. We had departed
     from here as we were at maximum gross weight and needed
     the extra runway.
          Gordon gave me the keys to the truck, which I
     drove the 20 miles to town. He flew the Beech.
          It had been a great trip. A real memorable
     experience.
          You can imagine my response when he asked me to
     accompany him on another trip.
          This time is was in warmer conditions.  We left
     The Pas on the warm, sunny morning of September 17th,
     1982.
          We retraced our route of the previous winter. The
     snow had not yet arrived. It was a completely different
     trip. Once north of the tree line, the hundreds of
     thousands of small lakes and ponds were evident.
     Looking behind, I could see the sun reflect from their
     surfaces. There seemed to be more water than land. I
     could fly visually, enjoying the scenery, bleak as it
     was.
          Gordon had successfully bid on a contract for the
     new air terminal at Baker Lake. The structure I had
     used for shelter the previous winter was being
     replaced.
          It seemed someone had kept the names and changed
     the location. The contrast between seasons was
     incredible.
          Lakes, rivers, and trails across the tundra. Some
     of these trails were over 100 years old. The more
     recent tracks of vehicles scarred the surface.
          The mosses of the tundra, having such a short
     growth period each summer, take decades to repair the
          damage caused by the passage of one vehicle. The tracks
     below, stretching to the horizon could have been 50
     years old. Or, they could have been made yesterday.
     Occasional rocky outcrops and scattered willow bushes
     broke the monotony of the scene.
          Four hours from The Pas we were on approach to
     Baker Lake. Now I could see the lake. On our previous
     trip it had been undiscernible from the surrounding
     landscape.  It had appeared as a large flat, snow
     covered plain.
          Now it was a beautiful lake, wind blown waves
     sparkled in the noon day sun.
          As we taxied to the terminal site, Gordon spoke,
     "I want you to take a walk, take your camera, and walk
     the town. The beach area extends for about a mile. I
     won't tell you what to look for. Just have a look
     around. I'll be busy here for about two hours."
          I hitched a ride into the village, about 2 miles
     distant.
          The houses seemed to be scattered haphazardly
     about. Behind most homes were old refrigerators,
     stoves, and washing machines.
          I laughed aloud, "Who said you couldn't sell an
     icebox to an Eskimo."
          The Iglu Hotel is a modern structure. It's high
     peaked roof, and rounded rafters are similar to a
     Quonset hut, except higher and sharper. A small
     convenience store is located off the hotel lobby.
     Eskimo children are waiting in line for slices of
     Pizza, warming in the microwave. They each clutch
     several twenty dollar bills.
          Beside the hotel is a pile of talc, or soapstone
     as it is known. The rock is flown in from Quebec for
     the natives to fashion into "authentic carvings." Very
     few of the carvings sold in the south are made from
     local material, it is of an inferior grade. I made a
     mental note to take a piece home with me. I would like
     to try my wood carving skills on soapstone.
          Walking through the village I arrived at the
     lakeshore. The natives had divided the waterfront in a
     system that allows each person about 20 feet for his
     equipment.  Boats, canoes, motors, snow machines and
     caribou hides lay scattered along the gravel shore.
          Gordon had once mentioned the waste incurred in
     the Arctic. Now, even seeing it, I couldn't believe it.
          I stood at one point and studied the surroundings.
     Like a tracker of the old west I could read the story.
          A fisherman had hit a rock. The lower section of
     the 9.9 horse power Mercury had been damaged.  The
     bottom end of the motor was disassembled. The wrenches,
     sockets, and ratchet used to tear down the motor were
     still there. Rusting on the beach.  Beside the pile of
     pieces was a boat with a new motor on the transom.
     Obviously, it was easier to get a new outboard, than to
     fix the old one.
          This was just the beginning of my educational
     tour. There were dozens of similar sights.
          Outboards, snowmachines, and fishing nets littered
     the entire beach. Damaged boats and canoes were pulled
     away from the water, making room for their successors.
     High powered rifles; Winchesters, Remingtons, and old
     Mausers lay in the boats and on the rocks. Oil cans,
     fuel drums, and fish boxes at every step.
          Above the water line sat a huge front end loader,
     one of the large tires was flat. A dump truck sits atop
     a ridge of gravel. Toward the end of the beach are
     thousands of empty steel drums.
          I stepped around the bow of an old freighter
     canoe, its twenty foot length had hidden a treasure.
          On an old wooden sawhorse hung two antique
     outboard motors. I had seen similar models in museums
     and boat shows. An old Evinrude single cylinder, its
     cast fuel tank crusted with the corrosion of many idle
     years. The second one was unfamiliar. It's shape
     similar to the Evinrude with a different tank
     arrangement. These motors had to be at least 40 years
     old. I wondered if I could find the owners and take
     them with me.
          I happened upon a strange machine, it had a
     gasoline engine, a hydraulic pump, and a series of
     hydraulic cylinders. The cylinders were connected to a
     type of flat ram, and two large pointed contraptions.
     The shape of the latter reminded me of the steel broad
     head arrow points used for big game hunting.
          Gord later explained the purpose of the machine.
          There are steel drums stacked in many places
     throughout the arctic. The numbers may well run into
     the millions. They have been brought in by exploration
     crews, bush pilots, and the military.
          The construction of the DEW line radar system
     required tremendous amounts of fuel and other liquids.
     The barrels remain.
          A project to salvage the barrels was proposed.
     Funded by a government grant, this machine was
     designed, built, and moved north.
          The idea was to salvage the steel. A barrel was
     placed in the machine. The large arrowheads were forced
     into each end, producing X-shaped cuts. Next the
     machine lowered a table like ram, flattening the barrel
     to a fraction of it's size.
          There is a fortune in salvageable steel in the
     Arctic. I said "is" because it is still there.
          Pilots, refuelling from barrels, normally adjust
     the pump to leave several inches of fuel behind. This
     reduces the possibility of fuel contamination from
     dirt, water, or rust. As a result, nearly all the drums
     have liquid in them; avgas, motor oil, kerosene,
     antifreeze, diesel fuel, alcohol, and more. Any
     conceivable liquid that could be shipped in barrels can
     likely be found in these repositories. This was the
     problem that spelled the end of the project.
          Environmentalists, seeing the streams of fuel and
     chemicals running into the sea, stopped the process.
          The salvage crews thought of emptying partial
     barrels into selected drums to avoid spillage. Too
     labour intensive.
          They thought of pumping the residuals into a ship,
     anchored offshore. The various liquids were worthless,
     possibly dangerous if mixed. The ship didn't have
     enough tanks to keep them separate.
          Result? The drums are still there, rusting away.
     Eventually they will begin to leak. When they do, they
     will be too fragile to move...  Hundreds of thousands
     of gallons of hazardous waste will flow into our arctic
     seas, causing untold damage to our marine and wildlife.
          I asked Gord about the great pile of curved steel
     plates I had seen near the beach. He told me another
     little known story.
          Apparently, the territorial government decided to
     install a huge fuel tank to eliminate the use of
     barrels. Fuel oil would be pumped ashore from tankers
     during the annual resupply trips.
          The contract was let. The tank was prefabricated
     in Quebec. It was shipped down the St.Lawrence River,
     up the Atlantic coast, into Hudson's Bay, and upriver
     to Baker Lake.
          By the time it arrived, the territorial building
     code had been changed. The tank no longer met the
     requirements of the code! There it sits, just as it was
     unloaded.
          I had three rolls of 35MM film with me. I exposed
     all of it, 105 pictures. I still did not capture
     everything there was to see. I marvelled at the waste.
     As a taxpayer I was angry. Millions upon millions of
     dollars, wasted.
          I was told of a government decision to replace all
     the oil burning furnaces. They merely required
     servicing, or minor repairs.
          Stories of misuse by government officials are
     legion. Someday the media will do an expose'. Perhaps
     this story will trigger some action.
          I returned to the airport. We were to remain for
     two more days. I helped the crew with plumbing and
     heating work, learning a bit about the vacuum sanitary
     system.
          Treatment of fresh water, and disposal of waste is
     a major problem. In order to reduce the load on the
     facilities, the amount of water used is reduced
     drastically by the use of a vacuum system.
          You can imagine my surprise when, after using a
     toilet, I heard a roar like freight train. The sewage
     system uses the force of a vacuum instead of water to
     carry away waste.
          The main storage tank was located at one end of
     the hotel, our room was at the opposite end. A vacuum
     is maintained in the tank by the use of pumps. The
     toilets resemble those found in railroad cars. When the
     valve is tripped, there is a great roar as the contents
     of the bowl are sucked downward and along a pipe. I
     swear I could hear the contents of the bowl smack
     against the inside of the distant tank. It may be
     efficient, but it sure is noisy.
          This is the type of technology one would expect to
     find on a space station. But then, the arctic is about
     as close as you can get to outer space with out leaving
     the ground.
          I had hoped to spend a day fishing but the high
     winds created hazardous conditions on the lake. The
     Arctic Char will have to wait until my next trip.
          September 19, 1982, 9:00 AM. Airborne again,
     flight planned to The Pas. We would be 4.2 hours
     enroute.
          From 10,000 feet, the tundra stretched to the
     horizon in all directions. The mottled brown and green
     speckled with reflections of sunlight from millions of
     lakes and ponds. A sight witnessed by too few
     Canadians.
                              THE END
Copyright 1985, 1986 by Gregory S. Swann. All Rights Reserved.
Direct inquiries to CIS I.D. 75115,1341.
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
'Yahoo!!': The VOW Has 'The Bomb'
        I don't want to spoil anyone's mood. Nor rob the spring of eternal
hope from anyone's step. But sooner or later, we have to wake up. 'The Bomb'
is getting around.
        I guess it's all right to be 'committed' to 'arms control' if one
has nothing better to do. To prattle about 'significant reductions' and
'mutual verification'. To pin buttons on knapsacks and adopt the confused,
fearful expression of the truly knowledgeable. And if someone compares
you to an ostrich, call him a 'war-monger'. Nothing shuts 'em up like the
old 'Big Lie'.
        But please don't pretend that anything can come of it. The present
daft declarations simply demonstrate that balminess is an equal opportunity
illness, whether it strikes in sweltering August or crisp November. By
September, I expect an enterprising marketeer at =Time= or =Newsweek= to
have coined a phrase, something like 'November Thaw', to foretell the
outcome of the forthcoming 'summit'. And afterward we will be told
that this was the actual result, since, as every alumnus knows, the observed
must bow to the observer.
        Then all 'arms controllers' can hug themselves in in the smug glow of
piety, praising yet another victory for that ancient force, the imperious
demand.
        Dashed. All of it. Even grasping at the invisible straw of Soviet
compliance, these facts remain: India has 'The Bomb'. So has France. Israel
has 'The Bomb' and Pakistan will have it soon if it hasn't now. China is said
to have =many= bombs. There are probably others, and there certainly will be
more. I =know= there will be more.
        You see, the VOW has 'The Bomb'.
        Calm yourself. It's true: the Ohio Chapter of the Veterans of
Overseas Wars has 'The Bomb'. Not too likely you've heard about it. People
'committed' to uni- or bi-lateral 'arms control' don't talk a lot
about the multi-lateral arms race. Or its logical conclusion...
        What happened was this:
        I was in Columbus on business. The VOW was in Columbus for its annual
convention. All of us stayed at the Columbus Sheraton, but I think they
enjoyed it more than I did. There were VOWers in the room next to mine, and,
though I'm sure that's better than having them in the =same= room, I'm
hard-pressed to say precisely how. A boisterous lot: one cackled like a
Disney villain and another guffawed better than any laugh track. Most of
their conversation was not as literate as that, mind you; they seemed to me to
communicate mostly by yelps, yowls, and yahoos... at any and all hours.
        I did my best to hide my pain, in the room, in the hallways, in the
elevators (ick!), but I don't know that I was entirely successful. I almost
broke down on Saturday, when I saw four over-made-up matrons mangling 'God
Bless America' with kazoos.
        But the real action didn't happen until Sunday.
        Have you ever been to Columbus? I suppose it's a very nice place to be
normal. I'd be surprised if it pays to be anything other than normal... Sunday
was the day of the Columbus Area Gay Pride March. When I learned of this
latter datum, I wondered about the scheduling savvy of the VOWers. I
didn't have to wonder for long.
        Item: it takes muscles to march for prideful pederasty in Columbus. All
of the marchers were beefy, mean-looking men. Only about 15 dared to march, and
one group's banner was from distant Pittsburg. Four jock-types were
mangling 'Chariots of Fire' on glockenspiel. A brawny-gaudy
transvestite was clashing with them, doing a creditable job of
'I Am Woman' on kazoo.
        I heard some protest noises that sounded closer than the raindance
eighteen floors below. I stepped onto the balcony to investigate and found
assembled most of the VOWers. They were yelling and gesticulating wildly,
waving angry signs: 'Stop the Commie Fags!', 'Ban Perversion!', 'Nuke Jane
Fonda!'. There was a large oil drum hanging over the ledge of the balcony;
painted a velvety flat black, it was inscribed in white block letters: 'A
Cure For AIDS!'
        There was a flabby Good Ol' Boy lounging against the guardrail,
grinding away slowly at a chaw of tobacco. He wore loose-fitting
Wranglers and a T-shirt that was valliantly failing to contain his
beer belly. As I watched, he scrunched up his face and, taking careful aim,
let fly a stream of tobacco sputum. Below, one of the marchers looked up
and shook his fist. "Hee, hee!," said Good Ol' Boy. "That'll teach 'em!"
        I'll understate myself and say I was revolted. My mouth was too wet,
and I felt an urgent need to change the subject. Fast. "Is that really a cure
for AIDS?" I pointed to the oil drum.
        "Hee, hee!," said Good Ol' Boy of the VOW. "Hee, hee! ...BOOM! Right,
Lester?" He brushed at the sleeve of a crony, so far as I could tell a Good
Ol' Boy clone, down to the creased red skin and the beady-crafty eyes. "BOOM!"
        "Yahoo!!," said Lester.
        "That's a sure-fire cure for AIDS, son," Good Ol' Boy went on.
"Sure-fire! Hee, hee!"
        "Really? That's interesting. How does it work?"
        "BOOM! Hee, hee!"
        "...??"
        His smile was both crafty and gloating. "Boy, that's a nucular
warhead!"
        "Nu=cle=ar," I said out of habit.
        "Nu...cular," he didn't mimic.
        My mind caught up with the conversation: "...that's a bomb...?"
        "Yep! Hee, hee!"
        "A bomb... '=The= Bomb'...??"
        "Hee, hee!!"
        Deep breath. "The Ohio VOW has 'The Bomb'?"
        "BOOM! Hee, hee!"
        "...is it armed?" I pointed to the steel drum. "Is that =really=
a bomb...?"
        He sent another train of sputtle over the ledge. I had to turn away.
"It ain't armed." He looked disgusted. "Hell, it ain't even finished yet!"
        I sighed with relief. An ugly thought: "...but you =are= going to
have 'The Bomb' soon, right?"
        Scowl. "The college boys say it'll be another six months, at
least... I say we might need it before then!"
        "You... =need= 'The Bomb'...?"
        "Boy. Look down there... What do you see?"
        "I see a dozen men who look like they'd have more fun playing
softball..."
        Scowl. "Well, =I= see a gang of perverts who want to kidnap my kids!"
        "...yes. There's that, too... But 'The Bomb'?"
        "Look around you, boy! It's not just them! The whole =world= is going
up in flames!"
        Unsummoned, an idea from a book came crashing in on me: what is it
they're all expecting?; what forms this mixture, conviction of doom, feigned
desire for magical salvation, and, imperceptibly, the vague taste of a
more furtive hope... Another unanswered question: If the discovery of Aristotle
stimulated the spread of civilization, has his burial stimulated its retreat?
"...why not just nuke yourselves...?"
        "How's that?"
        "...nothing."
        "Well," the Good Ol' Boy chawed, "what I say is: it's better to have a
bomb and not need it than to need a bomb and not have it!" He aimed, then fired
another spit missile. "Hee, hee! Yahoo!!"
 =Willie!= 
    <-<    
   #   #   
  # @ @ #  
 *# ( ) #! 
  ! #"# !  
   ##^##   
    ###    
           
   The Art of Failing
     Americans have a problem. They succeed too damn much! We have forgotten
how to fail and how to do it with grace and style. People fail miserably at
almost everything everyday (I myself fail to fly on a daily basis, despite much
arm-flapping to the contrary) but they don't do it with class or respect for
this great tradition of human shortcomings they are part of.
     The British understand the entertainment value and exquisite quality of
being a failure. A Britisher named Stephen Pile founded the Not-Terribly-Good
Club of Great Britain in 1976. The sole qualification for joining was being bad
at something and the primary activities were demonstrating just how bad you are
at something (now why didn't BBSers think of this?). Typical of the British to
take their weaknesses and turn them into strengths.
     Mr. Pile went so far as to write a book called, "The Book of Heroic
Failures" (from which you will see much more). This book amounts to a catalog
of walking human disasters, mostly Brits. But, as Pile says, "...on inumerable
occassions in this volume the fine citizens of U.S.A. have triumphantly cast
off their celebrated success ethic and made a genuine contribution to our
subject. Given their tremendous natural talents and resources, there is no
reason why this pioneering country should not lead this field in time."
Exactly!
     The first thing we do is organize our own Not-Terribly-Good Club of St.
Louis. Being failures, we couldn't possibly be original enough to come up with
our own name... Now, for inspiration, I'd like to provide a wonderful example
of failing: In 1947, as part of training, the British destroyer H.M.S. SAINTES
was supposed to fire at a target towed by the tug BUCCANEER, a typical naval
exercise. Showing tremendous accuracy, SAINTES fired only one shot. BUCCANEER,
of course, sank quite quickly.
     The Australians have done their part too, in 1803, when they proved that
justice is not only blind but accident-prone as well. They made three attempts
to execute a Joseph Samuels. Twice the rope snapped. On the third attempt the
rope was strong enough...apparently so was Mr. Samuels' neck. As Pile puts
it,"...Mr. Samuels just hung there peacefully until he and everyone else got
bored. Since he proved unsusceptible to capital punishment, he was reprieved."
     Or this more recent, exciting example: In Dec. 1971, an Uruguyan Field
Marshall called a fellow general "a socialist." The question was "settled"
honorably with a duel. These two gallant soldiers managed to fire 37 rounds at
each other at a distance of only 25 paces. Neither man got a scratch!
     These incredible accomplishments are just a sampling of the awesome
capabilities of man to fail in utterly amazing ways. With all due respect to
these noble failures, I think BBSers can do far worse. I will soon be
establishing a subboard towards proving this. And, remember the example of the
man who hijacked a plane and demanded to be taken to Detroit. The stewardess
told him, "We're already gong to Detroit." He said, "Oh...good." He sat down
and tried to look casual. Jolly Good.
        -THE KID
Sorry, your time on the system is up.
   YOU ARE ENTERING ANOTHER PERIOD OF
TIME. THAT OF ANCIENT ROME AND EARLY
ROADS. A CHARIOT RUMBLES PAST YOU AS
YOU NOTICE AHEAD OF YOU A GREAT ARENA,
THAT YOU FAIN
G2:1
            PHANTASIE SPELLS
            --------- ------
                   BY
                   --
           SEVERIAN OF NESSUS
           -------- -- ------
 1 - HEALING 1           2 - HEALING 2
 3 - HEALING 3           4 - HEALING 4
 5 - FIRE FLASH 1        6 - FIRE FLASH 2
 7 - FIRE FLASH 3        8 - FIRE FLASH 4
 9 - QUICKNESS 1        10 - QUICKNESS 2
11 - QUICKNESS 3        12 - QUICKNESS 4
13 - STRENGTH 1         14 - STRENGTH 2
15 - STRENGTH 3         16 - STRENGTH 4
17 - PROTECTION 1       18 - PROTECTION 2
19 - PROTECTION 3       20 - PROTECTION 4
21 - CONFUSION 1        22 - CONFUSION 2
23 - CONFUSION 3        24 - CONFUSION 4
25 - WEAKNESS 1         26 - WEAKNESS 2
27 - WEAKNESS 3         28 - WEAKNESS 4
29 - BINDING 1          30 - BINDING 2
31 - BINDING 3          32 - BINDING 4
33 - MIND BLAST 1       34 - MIND BLAST 2
35 - MIND BLAST 3       36 - MIND BLAST 4
37 - FLAME BOLT 1       38 - FLAME BOLT 2
39 - FLAME BOLT 3       40 - FLAME BOLT 4
41 - CHARM              42 - SLEEP
43 - TELEPORT           44 - RESURECT
45 - NINJA II           46 - SEAR
47 - DISSOLVE           48 - SUMMON ELEMETAL
49 - DISPEL UNDEAD      50 - NINJA I
51 - AWAKEN             52 - MONSTER EVALUATE
53 - VISION             54 - TRANSPORTATION
G-File library: Hacking
                   **/***************************************/**
                   **/**   BASICS OF HACKING I:  DECS'S    **/**
                   **/***************************************/**
WELCOME TO BASICS OF HACKING I: DEC'S
______________________________________________________________________________
              1     1   t  h       H   H     OO     U   U   RRRRR
             11    11  ttt h       H   H    O  O    U   U   R    R
            1 1   1 1   t  hhh     H   H   O    O   U   U   R    R
              1     1   t  h h     H   H   O    O   U   U   R    R
              1     1   tt h h     HHHHH   O    O   U   U   RRRRR
              1     1              H   H   O    O   U   U   R    R
              1     1              H   H   O    O   U   U   R    R
              1     1              H   H    O  O    U   U   R    R
            11111 11111            H   H     OO      UUU    R    R
                   P   R   O   D   U   C   T   I   O   N   S
                                  Presents...
______________________________________________________________________________
                              "Bagel-Man"
                                   by
                               Aldebaran
     Richard was an honest boy.  He was not the brightest student
in his class, but he was sincere.  Ever since he was a young boy
entering elementary school, Richard wanted only to be accepted by
others.  But for some reason, Richard was different from all the other
boys and girls.  There was something different, something special,
about Richard.  His appearance was plain:  barely over five feet, dark
hair, acne; not an unusual appearance for this junior in high school.
But Richard was never understood by the others.  There was a difference
between Richard and the others that no person could even begin to
understand.  It all began when Richard was a freshman in high school...
     Richard had just moved to Plimpton the previous summer.  Richard
came to school the first day prepared to make a good first impression
on all his future classmates and friends.  He was wearing his Keds
sneakers and his Osh Kosh shirt, pocket protector and his bowl cut
hairdo.  Richard was ready to make some friends and start a great new
life in Plimpton.  He entered the school with a bright smile on his
face, ready to go.  Entering the small brick school, he found it
bustling with other students, all excited about the start of the school
year.  Richard eventually met a few people, and but none were friendly
towards him.  And soon, his luck went further downhill when he felt
nature's inevitable call.
     Richard had little trouble finding the single lavatory in the
school.  As Richard swung open the door and stepped inside, he sensed
that all was not well.  A cloud of putrid fumes hung ominously
overhead, and from inside a stall heavy breathing could be heard.  The
stall swung open, and a figure emerged from the smoky depths of the
lavatory.  "Hey, what the fuck are you starin' at, geek boy?"
     The burnout was more than six feet tall, with long tangled hair, a
torn denim jacket and tight leather pants.  The heavy chain hanging ouf
his belt clattered loudly as he stepped up in front of Richard.
     "I...  I... I need to pee..." stammered Richard.
     Richard had never seen a burnout before, coming from his rural
villiage of thirty students.
     "You wanna take a leak, shithead?  Take this you geek!" the tall
burnout shouted as he lowered his pants and urinated on Richard.
     Richard was frozen in fear.  He could do nothing to resist the
humiliation he was being put through.  After what seemed an eternity to
Richard, the burnout walked towards the door.
     "If your geek friends ask who did this to ya', tell them it was
the Skulta.  And don't let me see you trying to take a leak in my
pissroom again, or you won't get off so easy."
