   Even when he was in the company of Sirenetta, fond of her as he was, the
unknown lady was always in his thoughts. And the little mermaid, guessing
instinctively that she was not his true love, suffered even more.
   She often crept out of the castle at night, to weep by the seashore. Once
she thought she could spy her sisters rise from the water and wave at her, but
this made her feel sadder than ever.
   Fate, however, had another surprise in store. From the Castle ramparts one
day, a huge ship was sighted sailing into the harbour. Together with
Sirenetta, the prince went down to meet it. And who stepped from the vessel, 
but the unknown lady who had been for long in the prince's heart. When he saw
her, he rushed to greet her. Sirenetta felt herself turn to stone and a
painful feeling pierced her heart: she was about to lose the prince for ever. 
The unknown lady too had never forgotten the young man she had found on the
bea and soon after, he asked her to marry him. Since she too was in love, she
happily said "yes".
   A few days after the wedding, the happy couple were invited for a voyage on
the huge ship, which was still in the harbour. Sirenetta too went on board, 
and the ship set sail. Night fell, and sick at heart over the loss of the
prince, Sirenetta went on deck. She remembered the Witch's prophecy, and was
now ready to give up her life and dissolve in the sea. Suddenly she heard a
cry from the water and dimly saw her sisters in the darkness.
". . . Sirenetta! Sirenetta! It's us . . . your sisters! We've heard all
about what happened! Look! Do you see this knife? It's magic! The Witch gave
it to us in exchange for our hair. Take it! Kill the prince before dawn, and
you will become a mermaid again and forget all your troubles!"
   As though in a trance, Sirenetta clasped the knife and entered the cabin
where the prince and his bride lay asleep. But as she gazed at the young man's
sleeping face, she simply blew him a furtive kiss, before running back on
deck. When dawn broke, she threw the knife into the sea. Then she shot a
parting glance at the world she was leaving behind, and dived into the waves, 
ready to turn into the foam of the sea from whence she had come, and vanish.
   As the sun rose over the horizon, it cast a long golden ray of llght across
the sea, and in the chilly water, Sirenetta turned towards it for the last
time. Suddenly, as though by magic, a mysterious force drew her out of the
water, and she felt herself lifted high into the sky. The clouds were tinged 
with pink, the sea rippled in the early mornlng breeze, and the little mermaid
heard a whisper through the tinkling of bells: "Sirenetta, Sirenetta! Gome
 wlth us ..."
   "Who are you?" asked the mermaid, surprised to find she had recovered the
use of her voice. "Where am l?" 
   "You're with us in the sky. We're the fairies of the air! We have no soul
as men do, but our task is to help them. We take amongst us only those who
have shown kindness to men!"
   Greatly touched, Sirenetta looked down over the sea towards the prince's
ship, and felt tears spring to her eyes. The fairies of the air whispered to
her: "Look! The earth flowers are waiting for our tears to turn into the
mornlng dew! Come along with us ..."
                  THE LlTTLE MATCHGIRL
   Once upon a time . . . a llttle glrl tried to make a living by selling 
matches in the street.
   It was New Year's Eve and the snowclad streets were deserted. From brightly
lit windows came the tinkle of laughter and the sound of singing. People were
getting ready to bring in the New Year. But the poor little matchseller sat
sadly beside the fountain. Her ragged dress and worn shawl did not keep out
the cold and she tried to keep her bare feet from touching the frozen ground. 
She hadn't sold one box of matches all day and she was frightened to go home, 
for her father would certainly be angry. It wouldn't be much warmer anyway, in
the draughty attic that was her home. The little girl's fingers were stiff
with cold. If only she could light a match! But what would her father say at
such a waste! Falteringly she took out a match and lit it. What a nice warm
flame! The little matchseller cupped her hand over it, and as she did so, she
magically saw in its light a big brightly burning stove.
   She held out her hands to the heat, but just then the match went out and
the vision faded. The night seemed blacker than before and it was getting
colder. A shiver ran through the little girl's thin body. 
   After hesitating for a long time, she struck another match on the wall, and
this time, the glimmer turned the wall into a great sheet of crystal. Beyond
that stood a fine table laden with food and lit by a candlestick. Holding out
her arms towards the plates, the little matchseller seemed to pass through the
glass, but then the match went out and the magic faded. Poor thing: in just a
few seconds she had caught a glimpse of everything that life had denied her: 
warmth and good things to eat. Her eyes filled with tears and she lifted her
gaze to the lit windows, praying that she too might know a little of such
happiness.
   She lit the third match and an even more wonderful thing happened. There
stood a Christmas tree hung with hundreds of candles, glittering with tinsel
and coloured balls. "Oh, how lovely!" exclaimed the little matchseller, 
holding up the match. Then, the match burned her finger and flickered out. The
light from the Christmas candles rose higher and higher, then one of the
lights fell, leaving a trail behind it. "Someone is dying," murmured the
little girl, as she remembered her beloved Granny who used to say: "When a
star falls, a heart stops beating!"
   Scarcely aware of what she was doing, the little matchseller lit another
match. This time, she saw her grandmother.
   "Granny, stay with me!" she pleaded, as she lit one match after the other, 
so that her grandmother could not disappear like all the other visions. 
However, Granny did not vanish, but gazed smilingly at her. Then she opened
her arms and the little girl hugged her crying: "Granny, take me away with
you!"
   A cold day dawned and a pale sun shone on the fountain and the icy road. 
Close by lay the lifeless body of a little girl surrounded by spent matches. "
   Poor little thing!" exclaimed the passersby. "She was trying to keep warm!"
   But by that time, the little matchseller was far away where there is
neither cold, hunger nor pain.
The Longest Distance                             
(c) 1992, D. W. Boynton
                             
                             
                             I
The night Maggie Whitehurst hanged herself, I was sixty
miles away, fishing with her husband.  Well, her estranged
husband, as they say on the television news.
I spent a lot of time cleaning in the months following the
final divorce decree.  I cleaned the house.  I mean all of
the house, scrubbing the little brown stains out of the
corners of the bathroom.  I scrubbed the floors of the
kitchen and the utility room on my hands and knees with a
brush, then waxed the floors to a brilliant shine anyone who
watches daytime television commercials would have been proud
of.  I could see myself.  I shampooed the carpets, bought
new curtains for the bedroom, and a new bedspread.  I had a
dent bumped out of an old Mustang I had picked up cheap in
the Auto Trader, and then had the whole car painted metallic
red.  I always wanted a red car, and I always wanted a
Mustang.  I scrubbed as much of the corrosion as I could
from the brightwork of my little boat, replaced the
refrigerator in the kitchen, and painted the trim on the
duplex I shared with my friend, Wesley Chin.  I'm not sure
exactly what caused my sudden interest in cleanliness, other
than some Freudian reaction to one of my father's favorite
sayings about "getting one's house in order".  I also ended
up cleaning out my desk at the television station where I
worked.  That wasn't my choice, though.  It was theirs,
after management decided they didn't like my face much
anymore, either.
Sagging ratings at six and eleven brought in a consultant
from Iowa, who hooked up a pack of "viewers" to a machine
that measures "Galvanic Skin Response".  In short, my
picture on the screen didn't make their palms sweaty enough.
They brought in the latest blow-dried model from Dubuque to
replace me, at about half the cost.  They were, however,
perfectly willing to pay me for the eighteen months
remaining on my contract - provided, of course, I did not
seek employment at one of the two other network affiliates
in town.  I had no desire to do so.  At thirty seven years
of age, and after fifteen years in the business, I was just
about televisioned out.
My friend Wesley told me I was a very lucky man.  He was
referring to two things.  First, thanks to the contract
payout, I was not in any immediate need of work, and could,
in fact, live very comfortably for the next year or so doing
absolutely nothing, or as he put it, "less than nothing".
"Doing nothing," he said, "implies that you are unemployed,
and have no desire to seek employment.  I would suggest that
you really work at doing nothing.  You have gone through the
hit parade of stressful situations in the past few months."
He counted them off on his fingers.  "One, you have gone
through a separation and divorce.  Two, you have lost your
job.  Three, you've moved to a new home, and four, you have
substantially changed your lifestyle.  You need therapy,
Brad.  A little short-term stress reduction wouldn't hurt.
Of course, being the manly super-hero you are, that is
unthinkable.  I'm suggesting you really revel in the
nothingness of the things you do.  Get plenty of sleep,
drink plenty of liquor, if that's what you want to do, and
generally clean out your head as well as you've cleaned up
the apartment.  Jesus, If you really want to clean, come on
down to my place."
He also said there were much worse places to be single and
thirty-seven than Virginia Beach, Virginia in the
summertime.  Wesley was referring, of course, to the large
number of tourists who populate the beaches in the
summertime.  Many (I have it on good authority about half)
of these tourists are women, who seek the sun and sand the
city's tourism bureau is fond of publicizing in its
brochures.  I have lived in Virginia beach an even dozen
years, and have never seen any of the places where all of
these beautiful pictures are taken.  I firmly believe the
photos are taken somewhere else.  Hawaii, for instance, then
plugged into the Virginia Beach literature.  The brochures
show blue, blue cloudless skies, with romantic couples
silhouetted toasting each other with wine, looking out over
a white beach with multi-colored umbrellas.  In reality, the
weather comes pounding out of the mountains, then comes to a
screeching halt when it hits the confluence of the
Chesapeake Bay and the Ocean, leaving the sky an interesting
shade of orange at times.  When I was a reporter, I used to
do stories this time of year about elderly people who didn't
have or couldn't afford to run their air conditioning.  This
time of year was tougher than the cold days of winter.  Air
conditioning for them is just as much a necessity as a
furnace in the winter.  Nothing moves then, the winds die,
and the air fills up with the gunk and smutch of industry
and autos.  The temperature goes up and up into the mid-
nineties, along with the humidity.  The beach isn't even
real.  Most of the sand is trucked in from well inland,
since the spring storms wash away most of what's there every
year, right up to the boardwalk's seawall.  And God forbid
any of the city's police officers catch you with a wine
glass anywhere near the beach.
Virginia Beach is not Hawaii.  It's not Florida, either, if
only because its season is different.  It is mostly a
summertime resort, mostly for middle-income and working-
class people from New York, Pennsylvania, and for some
reason I cannot fathom, Canada.  The signs welcoming you to
the city ("World's Largest Resort City") are in both English
and French, and many of the hotels fly both United States
and Canadian flags out front, in respect for our neighbors
to the north, and their strange colored currency.  But it is
home, and has been for the past ten years.
Wesley says the normal reaction of many men in my position
would be to take my little red Mustang down to the beach,
find myself one or more young women around the age of
twenty, and have myself one hell of a summer.  Frankly, the
thought of doing that would scare me to death.  For one,
what would you talk about afterward?  The latest "Guns and
Roses" album?  The latest hits on MTV?  The prospect did
nothing for me.  I had, however, gone surf fishing once or
twice along the tourist strip, and had noticed that a large
proportion of the women were single, and appeared to be
between the ages of say, thirty and forty, well within the
range of my consideration.  My shrink says that's progress.
Yes, I have a shrink, too, and Wesley says that's progress.
My wife, well now ex-wife, Barbara, had decided our life
together was not moving forward quickly enough to suit her.
Whatever the hell that means.  She wanted more of a
commitment.  Marriage is a commitment, I told her.  When the
time came for Barbara and I to settle up the inventory we
had acquired in twelve years of marriage, guilt played
heavily in my decision to be the one who moved out, leaving
a good-sized home, the "good" car, and much of the furniture
in her name.  I retained the interest in a rental property I
had invested in with Wesley, my old car, and the boat.
Wesley already lived in the lower floor of the duplex.  When
the tenant upstairs moved out, I moved in on a "temporary"
basis, and paid our little partnership rent at the going
rate, six-month lease and all.
Wesley Chin got in on the ground floor of the computer
revolution.  He's a year older than I am, but looks ten
younger.  Early in his career, his expertise led to a pair
of college texts, one a simple introduction to computers,
for most any "Computer Science 101" class, the other a
highly technical, graduate level text on networking
computers, linking several machines, or several hundred, or
several thousand together.  It's how, for example, K-Mart
World headquarters in Troy, Michigan, can tell when a
package of chewing gum is sold at the store in Boca Raton,
Florida.  Although he keeps telling me he's overdue to crank
out a third textbook ("Alternate Reality is the hot new
area," he says), he makes a good living by keeping the other
two current.  A "second edition" and "third edition",
updating the techno-world of computers do well in killing
the used book market for college students, and they keep the
cash register ringing, money flowing into Wesley's bank
account.  The Mexican restaurant he bought from the
royalties also helps.  It's called "Chin's Tijuana Palace",
and to my knowledge, it's the only Mexican restaurant that
serves fortune cookies with the check.  It's on the tourist
strip, Atlantic Avenue, which runs right along the line of
big hotels on the oceanfront.  The tourists like gimmicks,
and it's something they remember to tell their friends when
they head back to Montreal, Albany, or Harrisburg.
It had been one of those hazy, humid, close kind of
Saturdays in late July at Chesapeake Beach.  Not much wind
to speak of, if at all.  Being outside on days like this
makes me feel as if I need hot rocks and branches to beat
myself with.  Compared to some parts of Virginia Beach,
Chesapeake Beach is low-rent.  The big cedar jobs on stilts
line the ocean beaches; four, five, six bedroom homes that
cost several hundred thousand dollars, only get used in the
summertime, and cost a bundle to insure because of the
hurricane threat every year.
Chesapeake Beach faces the bay instead.  The residents
mostly live here year-round in everything from cinderblock
huts to homes of a little (but not much) more substance.
The houses here are older, shorter, squatted between the
dunes and scrub, out of necessity, taking the full brunt of
spring's northeast winds.  The tourist strip and the
tourists are right around the corner, but they're mostly out
of sight, and mercifully, don't wander much to our stretch
of sand.
Wesley and I had been doing some work on the upper deck that
sits atop the duplex we share facing the bay.  Ours was not
on stilts, sitting far enough from the shore that we had a
wide beach, and few spring flooding problems.  We became
partners in the house a couple of years back, introduced by
a real estate agent who puts together such deals for rental
properties.  It was sweaty work.  A section of the deck near
the wall was beginning to rot.  Even the green salt-treated
lumber has trouble holding up to the heat and humidity along
the water.  Owning a waterfront house here means constant
maintenance.  Inside, the big Kenwood was locked in to WNSB.
Herbie Mann was driving the big E-V speakers with just
enough power to go cruising by flute.  We were both covered
with sawdust kicked up by the table saw downstairs.
We were working up an appetite, and had been discussing the
merits of a bushel of clams and a bucket of ice-cold
Stroh's.  A few of the other people from up the beach had
wandered by, offering carpentry tips in exchange for cold
beer.  As the work wound down, Bill and Ramona Baker had
fetched the clams, Pete and Sharon Crosby had rolled up with
more beer, Tom Scott showed, and we wound up sitting on the
deck, clams on the Weber Kettle, watching the dirty pink
sunset.  The party, if you want to call it that, turned into
one of those events where people drift in and out, catching
up on the latest neighborhood gossip, bitching about what
the city council is up to now, coveting their neighbors
spouses, and discussing in no particular order, the middle
east, the American League East, the city's poor excuse for
garbage collection, and traffic on the expressway.  I
suppose we topped out at about fifteen or twenty people,
although there were never more than eight or nine around at
a time.
Around eleven, the married couples had tottered off to their
kids and to sleep in preparation for early tee-times and
early church services in the morning.  Only the three
bachelors were left; Wesley, Tom, and me, staring out at the
boats that bobbed out around the islands of the Chesapeake
Bay Bridge-Tunnel, that seventeen-mile span that crosses
over and under the mouth of the Bay.  A breeze had come up,
blowing the pollution into someone else's air.  You could
smell it.  Rain was maybe eight hours away.
  Wesley is short, compact, and muscular, sort of like a
fire plug with black hair and glasses.  Tom is tall and
lanky, with red hair, and an ever-present sunburn.  Aside
from the fact that he's a very liberal attorney, an officer
in the Virginia Chapter of the American Civil Liberties
Union, he could be the kind of good ole boy with a full
rifle rack in his Ford pickup.  His neck is that red.  His
rifle rack, however, is full of fishing rods, with a tackle
box in the capped bed.
"Must be good fishing tonight," Wesley commented, looking
out at the boats around the bridge islands.
"The bluefish are running," Tom said.
"They sure would taste good for Sunday dinner," Wesley said.
They both looked at me.
"You guys want to go fishing, take the boat, I can take a
hint," I pulled the keys out of my pocket, and tossed them
to Tom.
"Aw, come on Brad," Wesley said.  "come with us.  Blow some
stink off."
"You are incredibly confused, my confusing friend.  Fishing
does not blow stink off, Wesley.  Fishing puts stink on.  I
am not interested tonight.  If you two want to go, take
off."
Wesley glanced at Tom, and smiled.  "Is Robin working at the
marina tonight?"
"I think so."
"Fuck you both," I said.  "let's go."  Tom grinned, and got
his gear and a jacket from the truck.  Wesley locked up.
The marina, and its adjacent pier, is about three-hundred
yards down the beach at Lynnhaven Inlet.  It was not planned
the way it looks, it just sort of grew the way it did.  The
old plank pier goes back to the forties, and sticks some
two-hundred feet into the Bay, adjacent to the inlet.  At
the foot of the pier stands the bait shop and office, built
sometime in the fifties.  The sixties brought the first of
the docks, and a small Butler building as a service
facility.  The seventies, however, saw the marina business
mushroom.  Newer concrete piers with big timbers and
galvanized bolts holding it all together.  A modern brick-
and-vinyl-sided building for lockers, shower facilities, and
a fish market that will clean what you catch, or sell you
what you didn't.  The next step was to be a restaurant and
small motel, that no doubt, would grow on into the next
century.  You couldn't build it from scratch the way it had
grown unless you had quite a vision, and a lot of money.
We walked.  By the time we got there, it was about eleven-
thirty, and the complex, "Bubba's Lynnhaven Fishing Center",
was busy with a wide variety of fisher-folks:  the wealthy,
in their designer clothes with little animals on the
pockets, taking the Bertram for a late-night spin, whole
families of the poor, mom and dad and the kids, both black
and white, hoping to catch Sunday's crab dinner from the
pier, using chicken necks tied to a string, and the three of
us, somewhere in the middle, lined up to buy bait.  Robin
was, indeed, working.
Robin Williams (I swear) is a big, tall lady who manages the
place for Ed Shaw, known to his friends as...you guessed it,
Bubba.  She has very short black hair, and strong features.
This particular evening, she was barelegged, wearing red
shorts, an Old Dominion University sweatshirt, and
surprisingly clean white Reeboks.  Her features are angular
enough to look a little masculine, although there is nothing
at all masculine about the legs, or the way she filled the
sweatshirt.  She is very tan, with a scattering of freckles
across the bridge of her nose, darker tan than mine, and I
had been working at it pretty good,  It made her cool blue
eyes look very vivid, and her teeth look very white.  You
would not confuse her with the comedian, despite the name.
Thirty?  Maybe, give or take five to seven either way.  Hard
to guess her age because her face had that sharply-chiseled
look that doesn't show much decay between eighteen and forty
or so.
I met Robin when I first got the boat, about the same time
as the duplex.  It was a 1947 twenty four foot Chris-Craft
cruiser, purchased from a family up on the Eastern Shore.
It was not in good shape.  The family had used it as a crab
boat.  With the help of the mechanics at the marina, we had
swapped the old mill out with a new Ford four-cylinder,
scrubbed most of the pea green paint off the mahogany,
updated the instrument cluster with digital units, and
repaired or replaced most of the brightwork with original
pieces they had helped me track down.  Robin wrote the
receipts for the checks I had stroked to fill this hole in
the water.  She also helped me christen the little tub, the
"Talking Head", a television term for the tight shots of
faces you see most often on news broadcasts.  Robin thought
it an amusing name, since "head" is the nautical term for
"toilet".  The boat still needed a lot of work, but then, so
did I.  Two years ago, when I first met her, Robin also
sported a yellow wedding band on her left hand.  That
adornment had recently turned up missing.  I was curious,
and frankly, interested.
"Brad!  Brad Streeter!"
I knew without looking that the voice that came across the
crowded shop was Bobby Whitehurst's.  I had not seen him in
some time.  I turned to greet him, wondering what kind of
reception I was going to get, not exactly knowing if I was
going to be greeted warmly or slugged in the face.  He was
smiling.  I was relieved.
"Bobby...good to see you."  It was not particularly good to
see him.  So I lied.  "You coming or going?"  I hoped he was
coming, and going home to his wife.
"Going.  You know, the blues are running."  He jerked a
thumb out toward the bay.
"Yeah, I heard,"  I motioned at Wesley and Tom, across the
shop.  "Bobby Whitehurst...I think you've met Wesley.  This
is Tom Scott."  Bobby shook hands with Tom, nodded
recognition, then shook hands with Wesley.  "Bobby lived
next door when I lived with Barbara," I said, to no one in
particular.
"We've met each other once or twice around the courthouse,"
Tom said with a grin.
"More than that," Bobby said.  "This old boy took one of my
clients for a bunch of money."
"Now, Bobby," Tom said.  "He shouldn't have locked them out
of their house."
"It was his house, and they hadn't paid the rent."
"You guys gonna try this one again here, or are we gonna
fish?"  Wesley said with a smile.
Bobby looked at Tom, holding his fishing pole and tackle
box.  "You guys going out?"
"Sure," Tom said.  "Want to come along?  The beer is cold."
"Sure.  Beats cleaning out my boat by myself afterward."
So the four of us piled into my boat, and cruised out the
inlet, headed for open water.  Once we were anchored near
the bridge, Wesley and Tom sat on the bow, casting out into
the pilings nearest the island.  Bobby and I sat at the
stern, casting the other direction.  Bobby is a good-looking
fellow, with close-cropped blond hair.  Tall, loud and
gregarious.  The Whitehursts were Virginia born for
generations back, from that hardy, earnest, hungry stock
which had scared the living hell out of the federal troops
they had faced during the War Between the States.  He was a
year or two younger than me, his eyes a pale, watery blue,
blonde hair thinning a little.  I guess you'd say he had a
little bit of a baby face.  Since I'd known him, he'd tried
a beard once or twice, but always shaved it off, because he
said it made him look like a leftover from the sixties.
Bobby and Maggie, Barbara and me.  The four of us were
pretty much inseparable when we lived next door to each
other.  Vacations together, holidays together, Saturday
night dinners together.  There's an interesting phenomenon
about married couples.  When one marriage goes down the
hatch, the strain is usually too much on the "couples
friends" they've developed.  I hadn't seen Bobby since I
moved out of the house.
"How's Maggie?"
An embarrassed smile.  "She moved out about six weeks ago.
Went to stay with her folks in North Carolina for a while."
That's the other thing about separation and divorce.  It's
contagious.  "Temporary or permanent?"
"I don't know."  Bobby sat down in a heap on the seat at the
stern.  "Said she needed some time to get some things
straight, and put some things behind her.  I offered to take
some time off...to go on a cruise, or a vacation somewhere.
Maybe a trip across the country.  She said no, had some
things to take care of at home with her dad.  Said she
wanted to get rid of some demons..."  His voice trailed off.
He looked me in the eye for the first time since we met at
the bait shop.  "I think she's going to file for divorce,
and she just wants me to get used to the idea."
I can't exactly say it was a shock.  Maggie and Bobby had
their share of problems, even back in the days when the four
of us were running around together.  Bobby has never had
what you would call a booming law practice, although he is
an above average attorney when it comes to civil matters.
His has always been a one-man office, with a part-time
secretary to answer the phone when he's off to court, or
looking up old deeds, or doing all those things attorneys
do.  When he was between secretaries, Maggie helped out,
that's how they met, but mostly she stayed home.  Bobby had
turned down several offers to join other firms, both big and
small, always saying he'd rather be his own boss.  The fact
that Bobby always seemed to be struggling was the source of
much friction between Maggie and Bobby over the years.
Maggie would see people her age at the sort of parties
lawyers and their wives attend, and wonder why she and Bobby
didn't have a home on the beach, a Mercedes in the driveway,
and a condo on the ski slopes at Masanutten or wherever.  In
short, Maggie thought Bobby didn't try hard enough...didn't
"apply" himself enough, as she used to say.  But they had
always hung in there, apparently until recently.
He spat over the side, downwind, with excellent accuracy and
velocity.  "I can't stand moping around like this,"  Bobby
said, and turned to holler at Wesley and Tom on the bow.
"Hey, guys, you getting any nibbles?  Brad.  Tell them about
the time the four of us..."
And so it went for the next couple of hours.  The time we
hiked all over Washington, D. C. sightseeing in the
sweltering summer heat.  The time we went to the Outer Banks
of North Carolina, rented a cottage on the ocean, got drunk,
and staged "West Side Story" on the beach in the moonlight,
ending up in the surf singing, "When you're a Jet you're a
Jet all the way..."
We tried the windward side of the island.  We tried the
leeward side of the island.  We went out to deeper water, we
headed north nearly to the Eastern Shore, and tried the
shallows.  The crabs chewed up the bait over and over again.
By five, we had just about given up.  The east sky was
getting brighter, and we headed south, back to Bubba's,
throttled down through the "no wake" zone at the mouth of
the inlet just as the sun began to come up over the horizon,
and idled down into the slip.  Robin was waiting for us at
the top of the dock, arms crossed.  She was not smiling.  A
white Virginia Beach Police car was parked on the gravel
near the dock.  As soon as Tom tied up, Robin called to
Bobby.
"Bobby," she called out.  "These officers are here to see
you."
The four of us looked at each other.  Bobby shrugged, and
said, "Maybe I'm being served with papers for one of my
cases.  It happens sometimes."
The officers were a Mutt and Jeff team.  The uniformed one
was a tall and skinny dark-haired fellow with a perfectly
tailored uniform.  The plainclothes officer, or detective,
or whatever, was blond, short, and stout.  Jeff spoke to
Bobby.
"Mister Whitehurst?"
"That's me,"  Bobby said.
"We need to speak with you for a moment."  He said to Robin,
"May we use your office?"
"Of course," she said.
We went to the bait shop, Bobby into the office with Jeff,
looking confused.  Mutt stood near the patrol car, drinking
coffee.  Robin shot me a look that said something was very
wrong.  We could hear the detective speaking to Bobby, but
could not make out what he was saying.  He was speaking in
very low, very soothing tones.  There was no mistaking,
however, the anguish in Bobby's voice when he shouted, "Oh
no!"
Then we heard Bobby talking very low, his voice barely
audible over the hum of the fluorescent tubes.  It was quiet
for another moment.  All four of us were bug-eyed, staring
at the office door when Bobby stepped out the door, and said
very quietly, "Maggie is dead.  They say she killed herself
last night out at her father's place."
Then he began crying.  Big, racking sobs.  The kind that
don't let you catch your breath.  He walked outside, sat
down on the step, and kept on crying.  The four of us looked
at each other.  Thank God Robin was the only one of us who
had any idea of what to do.  She sat down on the step next
to Bobby, put her arms around him in a big hug, and the two
of them rocked, back and forth.  She stroked his hair, and
whispered something into his ear, over and over.
My mind was somewhere else, I guess.  Actually, my mind was
in several locations at once.  There was another reason I
wasn't surprised Maggie had left Bobby.  She had fallen out
of love with Bobby several years before.  I knew this
because she had told me so in the bed we had shared for a
very brief period following my separation from Barbara.  For
a while, I believed she would leave him, I would leave
Barbara, and we would get together.
My shrink maintains that men are rarely ready to throw a
marriage into the dumper until they have found a new person
to begin a relationship with.  I thought about this a lot,
because I somehow had it in my mind that after the papers
were signed, and my marriage to Barbara finally consigned to
my past, I could begin over again with Maggie Whitehurst,
that she would leave Bobby, and we would have something.  I
played and replayed a lot of scenes in my head concerning
myself and Maggie.  I wondered often how things might have
been different.  Or better.  Or at least feel better.  I
wondered if I would ever see her again.  I wondered if I
should call her.  I sometimes wondered what would have
happened to my marriage if I had spent the same amount of
energy on my relationship with Barbara that I spent on
fantasizing about the past and possible future with Maggie.
I wondered if it made any difference at all.  The
relationship with Maggie began about two months after
Barbara and I split, and ended just before the final decree
was signed.  Maggie decided she could not take the stress of
carrying on with her best friend's husband, although their
relationship was not what it had been when I was living with
Barbara.  I don't know how it could have been.  The whole
thing wasn't doing much for my mental health, either.
As they say, it's all water under the bridge now.  There are
a lot of bridges in Virginia Beach.  And one whole ocean
full of water.
                            -0-
                              
                              
                             II
The Outer Banks of North Carolina is one of the more
beautiful places on the continent.  Getting there from
Virginia along route 168 is not exactly picturesque.  It is
one of the most boring 90 minute trips through truck farms,
tobacco fields, small towns, and Seven-Elevens on the face
of the planet.  The fields are only broken by an occasional
ramshackle house or mobile home...each with its own
satellite dish out back.  All of a sudden, when you're
thinking you will drive smack into a telephone pole just for
a little excitement, the road takes a big turn to the left,
and you get a breathtaking view of Pamlico Sound, and the
bridge that crosses it into the Outer Banks.
When the Wright Brothers travelled this way from Dayton to
turn bicycles into flying machines, the Outer Banks wasn't
much different than the rest of the area, it simply faced
the Atlantic Ocean instead of a creek or the Pamlico Sound.
It's mostly scrub pine and dunes, all feeling (quite
justifiably) like a good wind could blow it all away rather
quickly.  There is substantially more to blow away now than
there was then.  Those same cottages that line the ocean
beach in Virginia Beach also form a queue along the
shoreline here.  So do small cinder-block motels, and tall
name-brand hotels, small mom-and-pop grocery stores, and big
state-of-the-art strip shopping centers.  That wind is also
the fear many of the people who live here have, and why the
threat of a hurricane sends many of them miles inland when
one approaches, almost annually.  Of course, it was the wind
that brought the brothers to North Carolina in the first
place.  It's usually gentle, but constant.  On this day, it
was neither.  Each new detonation blew the dingy clouds at a
good clip out over the ocean.  It was unusually chilly, with
the threat of another downpour at any moment.  It was
Tuesday, and had been raining off and on since mid-day
Sunday.  The signs along the highway warned of stretches
with water over the roadway.
The Pamlico Sound stretches all the way back up to Virginia,
a straight shot by water, or up the banks by land, but
either route is blocked by the Back Bay National Wildlife
Refuge, and a state park.  You can go into, but not through
that area back into Virginia, unless you have a permit.
Those permits are jealously guarded by the Virginia
Department of Game and Inland Fisheries, and the U-S
Department of Interior.  The officers of both agencies
patrol the dirt roads through their domains.  If you've got
a permit, it cuts the trip by more than half.  The rest of
us endure the haul through the country, where among the
locals, the word "shit" grows to six syllables.
Maggie's funeral was scheduled for a small chapel at the
south end of Kill Devil Hills, as far south on the Outer
Banks as one can go without heading for Hatteras.  With the
rain still falling every now and then, my progress down the
highway was not delayed considerably by the tourists who
flock to this area this time of year.  I was early.  They
were holed up in the stilted cottages, playing gin rummy,
waiting out the weather.  In the winter, the area's
population can almost be counted on both hands and feet; on
a sunny summer day, there's gridlock on the pair of two-lane
highways that span the north-south length of the Banks.  I
had already made arrangements at a nearby hotel for an
overnight stay after the service.
Like most of the newer permanent-looking structures in the
area, the Morehouse Funeral Chapel was a brick and vinyl-
sided building, red brick below white siding.  Perhaps
because of the progress I had made on highway, I was one of
the first to arrive.  I parked the Ford in the scrabbly
oyster-shell lot, and walked into the building.
The funeral director - I guessed he was the owner of the
establishment -  was a short, stubby, balding man in an ill-
fitting, shiny blue suit.  He stood by the front door, and
spoke in the soft, soothing, perpetually eternal, always
very personal voice men of his profession cultivate.
"Hello, mister..."
I stuck out my hand.  "Streeter.  Bradford Streeter.  I'm
here for the Margaret Whitehurst funeral."  He ignored the
offer to shake hands.
"Of course.  What a tragedy."
"Yes, a shock."
"...a young woman from people like that, with everything
they have going for them.  I simply cannot understand what
would cause a woman like that to...well, to..."
"Kill herself?"
"Well, yes.  With so much to live for."
"Obviously, mister...Morehouse?"
"Yes.  Ronald.  Ronald Morehouse."  He offered his hand.  I
had given up, so I ignored it, wondering where it had been
lately.
"Obviously, mister Morehouse, Maggie did not agree with your
assessment of her assets."  I did not mean it sarcastically,
simply as a statement of fact.
His smile was strained, but properly noncommittal.  The last
thing he wanted was a discussion like this one was quickly
turning into, talking about the reasons people voluntarily
end up as his customers.  So I obliged, and steered the
conversation away from the direction it was headed.  "Do you
know Maggie's family well?"  For all the time the four of us
spent down here on one lark or another, we had never visited
them, had never stopped by for dinner, coffee, or even to
say hello.  Nor had Maggie spoken much about them, save for
her mother, who was dead.  Her father had remarried, and I
knew she had a sister named Madeline.
Mister Morehouse's eyes brightened, and he jumped at the
opportunity to gossip a little.  "Most people here do.  I
went to school with Margaret's father, Samuel, both here,
for high school, and at Chapel Hill, at college.  The
Leonard family has lived in Pamlico County since, well,
since before the War Between the States.  In banking, most
of them, with the exception of one or two.  Sam Leonard is
the president of the big bank in the county, over in Manteo.
He's on the school board, and heads up the planning
commission, too, in Tuttle, where the farm is."
"Then you knew Maggie?"
"Oh, my heavens, yes.  Both she and her sister.  Went to the
same church, Pamlico First Baptist."  He smiled.  "Sweet
little girls, both of them.  Well-behaved, beautiful
children.  Little angels.  It was a real tragedy when their
mother died."
"That would have been..." I was sandbagging.
"Roberta.  Roberta Bass Leonard.  Oh my, I remember when she
and Sam were married.  It was still the biggest wedding I've
ever seen.  Miss Roberta was from Raleigh, Sam met her up at
school.  She ended up involved in most everything.  The
library board, ladies' church group, the Youth Fellowship,
and the Girl Scouts.  She loved those little girls to
death."
"Maggie certainly thought highly of her mother.  She was
killed in an automobile accident, correct?  I think I
remember Maggie mentioned that."
"Yes.  The girls were...let's see.  Margaret was about
twelve, and that would have made Madeline about ten.
Terrible thing.  Miss Roberta just lost control of the car
somehow on a rainy night on her way inland back to the farm
after a church dinner.  It was between Manteo and Tuttle.
Ran off into the woods, and hit a big oak."
"Must have been tough on the whole family," I said.
Morehouse winced, and nodded his head.  "Just about killed
old Sam.  He was all weepy for about two years after the
accident.  Until he noticed Teresa."
"Maggie's Stepmother," I said.
"Yes, she was Sam's secretary at the bank.  Put new life in
him, that's for sure.  Took him in tow.  Didn't give him
enough time to feel sorry for himself.  Teresa was a young
thing, pretty as a picture.  She was only twenty-four when
she married Sam."
"Strike it rich?"
"You mean was she after his money?  Well, maybe at first,
but by the time she married him, I think she'd changed her
mind about that.  Sam was pretty well into wallowing around
in his sorrows.  I think Teresa looked at it as a challenge,
to bring him back to life."  The old man frowned in thought,
choosing his words carefully, then spoke slowly.  "She
married upward, but she grew into it pretty well.  She's no
Miss Roberta, but she's done pretty well in fitting in where
she can.  Keeps Sam out of trouble."
"What kind of trouble?"
He smiled, only slightly.  "Most all kinds," he said.  His
tone left no doubt that the conversation was over.  "Would
you like to view the departed before the service begins?
I've got to take care of some other details.  He opened a
door to an office, and called to a younger man.  "Ronnie,"
he said, "Come watch the door while I make some phone
calls."  He pointed down a short hallway to what looked like
two chapel rooms.  A younger version of Mister Morehouse,
with a little better head of hair, took his place by the
door to greet the public.
I walked into the "viewing room".  Maggie's coffin, open,
stood in front of blue curtains trimmed in black.  A copper-
colored lamp stood at either end of the coffin.  About forty
chairs were arranged in the room, four rows of five on
either side of a center aisle.  A small podium was to the
left of the coffin.  The floral blanket read, "Daughter".  A
few other standard-issue funeral arrangements were spread
around the floor, on stands nearby, and around the sides of
the room.  An elderly couple sat in the second row on the
right.  They both watched me as I entered, and walked up to
the side of the casket.
I am never prepared to "view the departed".  I think "stare
at the corpse" is perhaps a better phrase.  It's one of the
more deranged rituals of life we put ourselves through, or
that others choose to put us through.  I, however, am a man
who does what's expected, so I walked over to the casket to
say goodbye to Maggie, and stood, hands clasped behind my
back, looking down at her.
She was not a small woman, but she looked small lying there
in a box.  Five foot six, maybe.  Better than average looks,
but not drop-dead beautiful.  On a street, in a supermarket,
most men would not give her a second look.  Not until she
turned her full attention on you.  Then, you noticed the
shine in her very, very green eyes, the way the light
reflected off that auburn-colored hair.  She most often wore
it pulled back, in a pony tail, a french braid, or
something.  You imagined it down, down to her shoulders,
because that's how long it was.  When you spoke, her eyes
never left yours, she hung on every word, and touched you
when she made a point.  That's what you remembered most.
The touch, the touch that said for that one fleeting moment,
you were someone special.
It was that touch that made you, in solitary intervals,
remember the shape of her legs, her lips.  Well, hey.  I'm
not talking about you, I'm talking about me.  I'm talking
about what happened to me when I was around Maggie
Whitehurst.  I will not flatter myself to think that she was
as intrigued with me as I was with her, except perhaps for a
short time.
I was not used to seeing her dressed as she was today, like
this, in a plain blue business suit, with a high-necked
blouse, no doubt to cover the rope burns on her neck, and
who knows what they did at the morgue.  Her hair, though,
was every bit as beautiful down as I remembered seeing it on
those few occasions.  She made a good-looking corpse, but
the problem was, she looked dead.  No matter how good the
job the embalmer does, how "lifelike" the corpse looks, it's
still a corpse.  Whatever life was in that vessel has indeed
"departed", perhaps gone to another, depending on your
spiritual view, but certainly gone from this life forever.
I would have preferred to have remembered Maggie differently
than this.  She had her faults, but she was as full of life
and honesty as any person I have known, or am likely to
know.
Our affair had started as one of those couples trips, in
fact, the last one the four of us ever took, late last
summer.  We went to the Outer Banks often over the years we
had known each other, renting a cottage for a weekend, or
sometimes a week.  This time, it was a week-long trip after
Labor Day, after the rental rates dropped.  The cottage was
a good one, an expensive one, a modern one, two stories, all
light woods, formica, chrome and glass.  It went for
thirteen hundred dollars per week during the season.  This
particular week, the rate was four hundred dollars.  A white
gazebo atop a dune overlooked the Atlantic.  We arrived on
Friday night, with enough time to unpack and cook dinner on
the barbecue, and take a little walk on the beach before
turning in.
All the next day, Saturday, we had done the usual things,
spent a little quiet time after breakfast, visited some of
the shops along what passes for the waterfront strip, even
visited the Wright Brothers Museum for the third or fourth
time.  We saw a movie, ate dinner at one of the better
restaurants, and went back to the cottage, all of us a
little tipsy.  Barbara and I had a good time, I think.  At
least I did.  We did not act like husband and wife toward
each other, we acted as friends.  I knew our marriage was in
trouble, and had been for some time.  It was The Thing we
didn't talk about, the big elephant in the living room that
you put a doily and a vase of flowers on, make it look like
it belongs, like it's part of the furniture, but no one ever
says,  says, "What the hell is a fucking elephant doing in
the living room?"
There was always a certain amount of sexual tension involved
in these foursome outings, working at a very low, almost
subconscious, level.  Sometimes, we would swap spouses for
shopping trips, museum visits, or even an occasional movie
that the odd couple wanted to see.  Sometimes, Maggie and I
found ourselves holding hands as we walked along the beach,
or in the theatre.  I know Bobby and Barbara did the same.
We had never acted on any of this, except to speculate once
or twice about what the neighbors might think if they saw us
paired off this way.  It was, at the most, titillating,
flirtatious, and fun.  The fact that any one of us could be
a little excited by holding the opposite's spouse...I always
found slightly amusing.
I honestly did not know that Bobby and Maggie's marriage was
in trouble, as well.  I thought I sensed some distance, some
withdrawal on the part of one or both of them, but I figured
I was probably projecting some of my own problems on them.
So I filed it away.  Barbara and I had our own things to
deal with, or I had to deal with what our situation was
becoming, perhaps a friendly disengagement, but a pending
parting of the ways, nonetheless.
That night, after falling asleep in bed next to Barbara, I
dreamed of reaching out, waking her, and telling her gently
that she was my friend, and that I recognized her pain.
That if being with someone else, or simply being away from
me would relieve that pain, I would do what I could to help.
I just needed a sign from her that it was all right, that a
separation would be a good thing, a comfortable thing, that
it would relieve what I was feeling, too.  I was not at all
sure that would be the case.  If, as my friend, she could
reassure me about it all, it might be a bit easier.  I
awakened damp with perspiration, and a bit frightened.
So restless, I had decided to walk up to the gazebo, have a
smoke, and stare out at the ocean for a while.  The gazebo
was about a hundred feet from the beach, and the roar of the
surf was deafening.  In supposing I would be unnoticed,
either by Barbara, or by Bobby or Maggie, though, I was only
partially right.  Maggie found me.  Lost in my own thoughts,
she sneaked right up.
"What are you doing out here?" she shouted.
I turned with a start. "Having a smoke, clearing out my
head."  We were both yelling over the insistent rush of the
surf.
"But not your lungs, huh?"  She laughed, and moved closer.
I was the only one of the four of us who smoked.  It was a
constant source of needling from Maggie.
I shrugged.  "Everyone has an addiction or two.  I'm just
happy mine isn't for cute ten-year-old boys."
She gave a impish grin, and a sly wink.  "Won't Barbara miss
you?  Aren't you two doing what people come down here for?
A little romance?  A little heavy breathing?"
I took another drag of the cigarette, and exhaled heavily.
"Not this time, Maggie.  It hasn't been that way for a
while."
"I know.  Me neither," She said.  The silly, mocking tone
disappeared quickly, and she turned to stare out at the
ocean, the waves breaking endlessly upon the beach.
"Maggie," I said, "you go through cycles in a marriage.  Up
a little, down a little.  Does it all average out?  It was
the argument I'd given Barbara.  If not me, who?  If not
Barbara, who?  Who would love me?  Who would care about me?
Why could I not bring myself to face facts?  I threw the
cigarette butt down in mild disgust, and stepped on it.
Maggie kept staring out at the ocean for a few more seconds,
before she turned, and touched my arm.  That touch.  "Not
this time, Brad.  I think Bobby and I have pretty well
bottomed out.  Bobby keeps looking for the 'big score', the
deal that's going to get us out of debt, let us...let
him...feel comfortable enough to start a family, to get on
to where we need to be, something more.  He says he keeps
looking for it, he promises he'll keep looking, but I'm sure
he's not convinced it's what he wants.  He's comfortable in
getting by, keeping the bills paid.  He doesn't want to get
ahead.  I'm tired of treading water, Brad.  If you don't
move ahead, you sink.  I'm sinking."  She squeezed my arm
for emphasis.  "I can feel it.  Unless I get out of this
marriage and move ahead, I'm going down for the third time.
I can't do that.  I won't do that.  How about you and
Barbara?" she asked, an eyebrow raised.  "Are you going to
give it a 'little time'?"
"I'm a patient guy.  But you know Barbara better than me," I
said.  "You two shop, and lunch, and do all that female
bonding stuff.  You tell me.  Tell me the truth."
"You don't want the truth, Brad.  You're too busy being
patient, and good, and kind, and it's not what you are at
all.  You're too busy working at being the good guy.  You're
too busy trying to be the one who's right, the wronged man,
the stoic figure who can hold his head up high, beat on his
chest, and say 'this marriage didn't fail because of me!  I
did nothing to bring this upon myself!'  You're so busy
working on that, because you've given up on the
relationship.  You're already working on how you'll see
yourself after it breaks apart. You want the truth?  Okay,
the truth is maybe you could have saved it.  Just maybe
Barbara wouldn't have drifted away if you had spent a little
more time on the relationship, instead of working fourteen-
hour days.  Maybe Barbara didn't care if you were a big-
time, high-paid network correspondent by the time you were
forty, like you did.  Maybe, just maybe, Barbara wants a
full-time husband, who hangs out around the house, fixes the
busted faucet, and makes babies with her.  The truth is that
you don't have any time left.  She's going to pull the plug,
Brad.  She's waiting for the right time, but she's going to
pull the plug, you big jerk, and you know it.  It's not if
anymore.  It's when.  You're a nice guy, and she doesn't
want to hit you while you're down, but it's coming.  Not
tomorrow, not the next day, but soon."
I snapped at her.  "You're full of shit."  Of course, she
was right, not only right, but it was a direct hit.  Mine
was only what the military people call a secondary
explosion, but that was about all I could think of to say at
the time.  Denial may not be a good thing, but it has its
handy uses.
Maggie moved closer to me, and put her arm around my waist.
I could smell the citrus of her perfume, even above the
wind.  Instinctively, I pulled her closer, turned her to
face me, and put both arms around her.
"The truth," she said, "is that you are a nice guy, and not
at all stupid about what's going on."  Another squeeze.
"And the truth is that I wish I had you, your drive, where
you will be some day, and that Barbara had Bobby."  She
buried her head into my neck, sighed, and shuddered a
little.  "It sure would make a lot more sense that way."
We held each other for a very long time, just standing there
in the gazebo, holding on.  What happened that night,
between the two of us, was really irrelevant to what was
about to happen to the four of us.  Whether we made love, or
not, the fates of our respective marriages were already in
the cards, and we all knew what they were.  Maggie and I
were simply fellow travelers on roads that converged for...a
short time?  I didn't know just then.  I did know that I had
thought about taking Maggie's hair down all night.  So I
did.
And so, after my separation from Barbara, Maggie and I
became lovers for a few months.  It would not last.  I knew
that then, but I let it happen anyway.  When a person's
world is falling apart, as I felt mine was at the time, that
person will grab on to anything, using Maggie's metaphor, to
keep from going down that third time.
Maggie spoke the last words either of us said that night.
"Hold on," she said.  "It's going to be a bumpy ride."
                               -0-
                            III
I would have liked to have thought my relationship with
Maggie broke faith with no one.  But certainly, Bobby would
have felt betrayed, had he known.  I was still not sure he
didn't know about it.
Barbara broke the news on a Sunday night in August, while we
watched the late news.  Usually the paragon of fashion, even
in leisure, she had been moping around all weekend in a
sweat shirt and ratty shorts, speaking in monosyllables, and
saying over and over again she didn't feel well.
I said, "Are you feeling better?"
She said, "No."
I said, "Still feeling lousy?"
She said, "Yes."
I said, "Is something wrong besides feeling lousy?"
She said, "Yes.  I want a divorce."
Well, hey.  I was the one who asked.  I did not sleep well
