you know why Gordon is going to stay, Daryl? He's 
going to stay because he wants to see that you stay well. 
He wants you to be happy, isn't that right? You're going 
to stay, aren't you, Gordon?'
" 'You fiendish monster!' was all I could manage
Fritz' response was a low, guttural laugh, almost a growl. 
Then, 'It's time we got some sleep.' He crawled into his 
Mustang and prepared his bed as we watched through 
closed windows. When he was done, he turned to us and, 
looking up at Daryl, said, 'I think it best that you sleep in 
Gordon's Mustang. It's safer that way I I can be a bit on 
the mean side after a long, hard day.'"
The RADAR Ranger took a deep breath, filling his lungs 
with the cool night air, and paused. The mountain biker's 
lips moved, but he said nothing for the longest time. 
Then, "A boy RADAR Ranger!" and whistled a long, low 
stream of air at the ranger. The ranger reacted slowly, 
turning his face on stiff shoulders to meet the glance of 
the mountain biker. The biker at once saw the ranger's 
tired features, the bloodshot eyes, pronounced cheek 
bones, heavy jaw muscles pulling the corners of his 
mouth down.
The mountain biker had begun listening to the RADAR 
Ranger's tale just as dark was settling over Sky Oaks 
Ranger Station. The sun had been gone for almost five 
hours now and the mountain biker, though somewhat 
apprehensive about what he was hearing, was eager for 
the ranger to continue.
"Fritz transformed the boy into a RADAR Ranger just to 
prevent you from leaving?" the cyclist couched his 
question in no uncertain terms.
"I don't really know. It definitely was a statement, quite a 
strong one at that. Fritz was one of those people who 
rarely discussed his beliefs and feelings with others, not 
even with himself. He spoke with actions, not words. But 
I think the chances are quite good that he did want me to 
remain with him. He couldn't have lived the way he did if 
I hadn't been there. His reason for keeping me may have 
involved the paychecks that came to me twice a month, 
or it may have centered around something far less 
concrete."
"Is Fritz dead, sir?" ventured the mountain biker. "You're 
using the past tense when you speak about him: Fritz did 
or Fritz was. Or is he someone you still fear?"
"No, I no longer fear him. But I'll get to that part of the 
story eventually. You were asking me about Daryl, 
weren't you?" The RADAR Ranger stopped and looked 
closely at the mountain biker. "Are you still frightened of 
me?"
The cyclist didn't answer, pulling back from the table he 
had been resting his elbows on. He stretched his body 
nervously, then listened to the heels of his shoes scrap 
across the wooden planks as he pulled his legs closer in 
to his chair.
"You'd be smart to fear me," mocked the RADAR 
Ranger as he watched the cyclist's discomfort. "But not 
now, not with my story only just begun."
"Yes, do go on. I want to hear more. You're telling me 
things that I've never heard before, on the mountain or 
anywhere else."
"As you may imagine, Daryl's presence changed our lives 
altogether. His life as a boy of lesser action was ended, 
and his senses began to become much more acute, just as 
mine had. My first reaction was pleasure, for I found 
nothing more emotionally satisfying than to watch his 
transformation into a RADAR Ranger. My second 
reaction was to shelter him from Fritz, who was 
constantly hinting that he still might do the youth harm. 
'Imagine how upset he'd be to awake one morning and 
find his K-15 missing or, worse yet, smashed into a 
thousand pieces,' Fritz would muse. 'I'm sure they'd hear 
his screams as far away as Bodega Bay.' Of course, these 
threats and words were aimed at me, not Daryl. Their 
intent was to keep me in place, and how effectively they 
worked. If I lacked the strength to break away from Fritz 
by myself, I was insane to attempt it with Daryl."
"I enjoyed Daryl's presence immensely. Yet there were 
times when I thought he had lost all reason, that the 
shock of becoming a RADAR Ranger had deprived him 
of his senses. But this fear didn't prove to be true. Simply 
put, Daryl was so unlike Fritz and me as to be his own 
RADAR Ranger entirely. He possessed my curiosity for 
knowledge and understanding, yet he also had acquired 
Fritz' craving and unrelentless thirst for bringing down 
speeders. As I described to you earlier in the evening, 
Marin offered up a smorgasbord of moving violations to 
us. I remember Fritz standing alongside 101 with one 
grandfatherly arm thrown across Daryl's shoulders, 
pointing with the other at the passing cars. 'Look at all of 
them rushing to break the law,' he would say to the boy 
RADAR Ranger. 'We cannot suffer this, Daryl. We must 
bring them downQall of themQ regardless of the 
violation, because this is how we live.' And it would 
break my heart to see Daryl looking up at the older 
ranger with longing in his eyes.
"Daryl and Fritz often played together at the chase on the 
highway and feeder roads, never quite succeeding in 
satiating their enormous appetites, always willing to take 
down just one more law breaker. As for me, I kept to my 
minimum quota of five speeding violations a day, never 
bringing down anything larger than what I've already 
described to you. I could not change that quality in me, 
even with Daryl as my witness.
"During those early years together, I never gave up my 
quest to educate and sensitize Daryl to the beauty of the 
world around us. I provided him with works from the 
great thinkers and artists of our time, took him to see the 
wonders of nature, including the Bay Model in Sausalito 
where he could watch the waters rush in and out of the 
miniature bight every hour. Daryl drank in all that I fed 
him and developed an insatiable desire for things 
beautiful and new, a desire that matched in intensity his 
thirst to issue citations for moving violations.
"Not long after he displayed a keen interest in reading, 
things took a strange turn. On more than one evening, I 
would discover him curled up on his side of the cruiser's 
trunkQwe still lived like nomads out of the backs of our 
modified Mustangs along Highway 101Qwith a stack of 
my back-issue bicycle magazines. 'These new designs 
they're always coming up with are truly beautiful,' he 
would say to me, turning the chemically-coated slick 
color pages and commenting with a mechanic's and frame 
builder's intimate knowledge of the objects that attracted 
his attention. His favorite magazine was Mountain Biking 
Action and Reaction, and he would spend countless hours 
analyzing the carbon fiber frames, titanium handlebars, 
aluminum cranks, elliptical chain rings, front suspension 
forks, full suspension bikes, grip shifters, quick release 
levers, gel racing seats, disc wheels, bar ends, clipless 
pedals, Kevlar (TM) tires, altimeters, casette hubs, and 
other wondrous objects that filled its pages. When Fritz 
learned of Daryl's two-wheeled interests, he was furious. 
But his ranting and raving had no effect on the boy 
ranger who continued to study and admire these items. At 
the same time, I must add that Daryl's intellectual 
infatuation for bicycle objets d'art did not in any way 
affect his choice of speeders to bring down on Marin's 
roads. Two wheelers remained pretty much my diet.
"We passed many years together like this, our patterns 
varying little more than the turning of leaves at seasonal 
junctures and the waxing and waning of the moon. We 
were predictable and we were comfortable. Yet it could 
not last and I should have realized this fact long before 
the inevitable happened. Judging by the expression that 
has taken hold of  your face since I began talking about 
Daryl, I'm sure you're wondering why I haven't broached 
the topic earlier. But you must understand that time is not 
the same for me as it is for you and your kind; I feel no 
quickening of days to nights, no shortening of years to 
months as I pass forward and through this wormhole you 
label time. It's impact on me is niggling.
"His physical body!" the mountain biker shouted. "He 
could never grow up. Is that it, sir?"
The RADAR Ranger eyed the mountain biker with a look 
that blended between disgust and amusement. "No," he 
declared, "we're not talking about Peter Pan here. Of 
course he could grow upQand he didQyou've got to get 
yourself grounded in the real world, son. Protein, DNA, 
RNA, mitochondria, neurons, cellular division, 
Liposuction (TM). You mountain bikers are a strange lot, 
indeed. "No," the RADAR Ranger repeated in heavy 
tones, "Daryl began to assert himself and then to ask 
questions, and those questions changed everything for us 
in a most dramatic way."
The RADAR Ranger ceased talking and clamped his 
hands together, fingers from each interlocked with the 
other, held so tightly that they turned into streaks of red 
and white. The mountain biker, sitting apprehensively at 
the oak table, might have been one of those unlucky 
fingers the ranger cracked with a sudden squeezing 
together of his palms. The cyclist said nothing, only the 
ranger spoke. "Yes, it was inevitable, what happened 
with Daryl. It's frustratingly easy to say that in hindsight, 
you know, but it's really quite true and I should have seen 
it coming. He was with me always in spirit, if not in 
body, every waking hour. I knew him as well as I knew 
myself. He was my sole companion and confidant for 
those many years. There's no excuse for what I let 
happen.
"The most perplexing of the indicators of what was to 
come I yes, it was the sudden coolness Daryl exhibited 
toward Fritz," continued the clench-fisted RADAR 
Ranger to his unseen audience. "The boy would sit in the 
front seat of our shared Mustang for hours, watching, just 
watching Fritz go about his business on the side of the 
road. Never saying a word, rarely directing his 
iconoclastic gaze elsewhere. Watching him watch Fritz in 
this altered state was chilling for me; I knew Daryl so 
well, yet he remained a mystery to me.
"The weather can turn suddenly in the Bay Area, 
transforming upright, young oaks into worried, bent-at-
the-hip, old sticks. Fritz returned to our roadside camp in 
the middle of one of those dark changelings. Despite the 
malevolent weather beating on his face, he was smiling 
dreamily as he climbed into the passenger side of my 
Mustang and I could smell on his breath the remnants of 
the bar he had been patronizing after a day of upholding 
the law. 'Lite beer,' he grinned and wiped the froth that 
had collected on his lower lip with the broadside of his 
freckled right hand. 'Stuff gives me headaches, makes me 
feel funny in my stomach,' he joked in a rare moment of 
resonant good naturedness. Taking spontaneous 
advantage of his unforeseen mellowness, I leaned over 
and said, 'I see Daryl pulling up behind us. Go easy on 
him tonight.'
"Arrows of rain and wind blew into the rear seat of the 
car along with Daryl. Once securely inside with the door 
shut, he shook his head violently after pulling the clear 
vinyl-covered patrol cap off his shaggy mane; droplets of 
water sprayed fore and aft, many of them finding the 
back of Fritz' close-cropped head a ready target. I 
watched tensely as the older ranger's jaw muscles 
twitched a familiar but primitive rhythm, then settle back 
into an unexpected calm. Daryl went on about his 
business in the back seat completely oblivious to Fritz in 
the front. Then turning to me, he said, 'Do you realize 
that tomorrow is the start of the Tour d' France, the most 
prestigious bicycle race in the world?'
" 'Yes, I do,' I answered him. 'The Tour d' France is a 
two-week-long event that only the most accomplished 
riders in the world dare compete in.' I knew this only 
because of having looked at Daryl's bicycle magazines 
over the years. 'The course is a rugged and varied one, 
including level plains, steep mountain passes, macadam 
roads, cobblestoned village lanes. The winner is often 
acknowledged as the world's greatest cyclist.'
"Daryl looked at me momentarily, a slight grin catching 
hold of the corners of his mouth. 'Yes, it is that, but much 
more.' This time directing his devil-may-care gaze at 
Fritz, 'The Tour d' France is one of the largest and most 
publicized law breaking events in the world. Hundreds of 
two wheelers riding illegally on freeways, crossing 
through stop signs without even braking, speeding down 
mountain slopes well beyond the posted speed limit, 
ignoring pedestrians' rights-of-way, passing on the right, 
riding after dusk without proper lighting.' He paused 
here, then, glaring more coldly at Fritz than was 
advisable, said, 'Where are all the great RADAR 
Rangers, why aren't they taking action to uphold the law? 
Well, Fritz, where are your men of action?'
"My stomach muscles automatically knotted into 
sympathetic fear for Daryl. I could not imagine anyone 
taunting and tugging on Fritz' conservative sensibilities 
as he had just done. I instinctively put my hand on Fritz' 
shoulder to restrain him from leaping over the front seat 
into the back. I could feel his anger welling up, his 
muscles tensing, and I pushed down harder on his 
shoulder. Then the most astonishing thing happened.
Quickly looking first at me, then at Fritz, Daryl cried out, 
'Who did this to me? Who's responsible? Which one of 
you made me into a RADAR Ranger?'"
"I was dumbfounded by this turn of events. Daryl could 
have done or said nothing more disruptive to the tightly 
knit pattern our lives had assumed. I felt the threads 
begin to unravel right there in the passenger compartment 
of my Mustang. Of course, I had only been deceiving 
myself for those many years believing the question would 
never surface. Daryl maintained his attention on Fritz, 
ignoring my painful looks. 'You talk as if the three of us 
have always been RADAR Rangers,' he said in measured 
tones. 'Do you take me for a fool! It's obvious to anyone 
that knows him that Gordon is uncomfortably split 
between two worlds: the world he's in now and the one 
he came from. Besides, I've seen photographs of his sister 
and read old newspaper accounts of her affliction, articles 
Gordon has not too cleverly hidden away. She may have 
been crazy as a loon, but she was no RADAR Ranger. 
She was a person of lesser action!  Then in words even 
more measured and serious than before, 'Do you actually 
think that I can't remember parts of my life before I was 
brought together with you? The images are cloudy, but I 
can see snatches of summer days on windy beaches, of 
hitch-hiking cross country, of applying for work and 
filling out papers for admission to Marin Community 
College. These aren't the memories of a RADAR 
Ranger.'
" 'Daryl,' I murmured, but it was too late. The pattern that 
had been our lives lay in a jumbled mass of loose-end 
threads.
" 'You did this to us, made us into what we are,' he 
accused Fritz a second time. 'Why?'
" 'Denounce me a third time,' Fritz rejoined in a mocking 
tone, 'and you'll be right up there with Judas Iscariot. 
'What are you, exactly? Could you possibly be different 
from what you are now? How many years have you been 
upholding the law I can you remember? This is your 
life.'
"Daryl eased into the cushions of the back seat and stared 
through Fritz. He played with the patrolman's cap in his 
hands, tossing it lightly back and forth, then pulled the 
rain slick tighter around his chest. All the time his stare 
held Fritz as a cage contains a wild beast. I could see 
Fritz' uncharacteristic nervousness play across his 
twitching left eye and trembling shoulders. 'Why are you 
asking this stupid question now? You've known for years 
that you're a RADAR Ranger and, yet, you've never been 
bothered with it before.' Doing what he did best when he 
didn't know what else to do, Fritz began a diatribe, 
covering the usual topics: go with your RADAR nature, 
bring down moving violators, take action. His tirade 
seemed far from the mark this time, for Daryl did know 
his nature and had been issuing citations for speeding 
with a relish that often equalled and occasionally 
surpassed Fritz'.
"The younger RADAR Ranger's head rolled sideways 
against the wet synthetic covering of the back seat, but 
his eyes remained locked in place, intent upon the 
ranting, older RADAR Ranger. 'Why did you do it?' he 
persisted a third time, his eyes narrowing to thin slits.
" 'What power do you think you have over me anyway, 
you Judas!' stammered Fritz. 'The power is mine, mine 
alone.' Then turning to me as his right hand fumbled for 
the door knob, 'Get him under control, will you. I won't 
put up with this blasphemous behavior much longer.' 
Then he slid out into the rain and started through the mud 
towards his vehicle, but stopped himself short and turned 
to look through the water-streaked window separating 
him from Daryl. The younger RADAR Ranger slowly 
looked up into the older one's face, calm, not betraying 
any fears that may have hidden behind his probing eyes. 
'Be careful,' Fritz was shouting above the storm outside, 
his dripping index finger wagging ominously at Daryl. 'I 
made you and I can undo what I did. Thank me, both of 
you, for making you what you are. Or you'll have much 
to regret.'"
"I don't have to tell you that our little triad was flipped 
end over end. Not that there was constant fighting and 
bickering I no. In fact, a heavy silence settled over us, 
each afraid to speak to the other. Daryl curled up in our 
Mustang's familiar Lycra (TM)-lined trunk and devoted 
his time, after upholding the law, to reading and 
thumbing through his old magazines, his eyes often as 
glazed as the paper on which were printed the words and 
pictures he took in. I could tell from his furrowed brows 
that he was thinking deep thoughts, thoughts perhaps I 
didn't want to know, and I avoided questioning him about 
these things he was holding so secretively to himself. If 
Daryl had a dark side, I was seeing its shadow now.
"Among his pile of reading material was a book I had 
never seen before. Printed in small type, two columns per 
page, with many technical drawings, it was entitled Basic 
Training Program in RADAR Speed Measurement: 
Trainee Instructional Manual. Its contents included many 
esoteric headings like Target Vehicle Identification, The 
RADAR 'Decision' Process, Tracking History, Effect of 
Terrain on Target Identification, Interference, Scanning 
Effect, Turn-On Power Surge Effect, and the like. When I 
questioned him about the manual, he admitted that the 
topics it covered were completely foreign to him and that 
this was probably a reflection of the organization that had 
published itQthe U.S. Department of Transportation's 
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration."
The mountain biker rolled the dilated irises of his blood-
shot eyes up and out of sight behind drooping brows at 
mention of NHTSA, but the RADAR Ranger failed to 
notice his silent statement in the gloom of Sky Oaks and 
continued his narration without pause.
" 'Then why are you reading this book?' I asked him 
again. Daryl hesitated, then said with a conviction that 
was becoming characteristic of him, "Because its about 
RADAR. It may not be the RADAR of a RADAR 
Ranger, at least I'm not sure that it is, but it explains so 
much. Fritz can try and keep secret what he knows, but 
I'll find out what I need to know from other sources. This 
book is a beginning.'
"Fritz, poor, pathetic FritzQI'm amazed now that I can 
caste him in such sympathetic termsQwas truly blind 
with fury when he discovered Daryl reading the manual 
early one afternoon, casually leaning against the shiny 
front fender of his Mustang in mud-spattered pants. The 
younger ranger was playing with Fritz, a dangerous thing 
to do. Fritz knew, too, that Daryl had more up his sleeve 
and that he wasn't seeing it all. A Hidden Agenda. Fritz' 
suspicions and worries about this agenda kept him 
completely off balance, dangerously close to falling over 
the edge."
"After years of keeping an arrogant distance, Fritz drew 
nervously closer to me. He was uncharacteristically 
cautious and wary of little details, wanting to know 
where Daryl was at all times, what he was doing, the 
details of his every movement. I attempted to tell him 
that everything was okay with Daryl, though I didn't 
really believe that since Daryl had distanced himself from 
me, too. In fact, I rarely encountered him outside the 
trunk of the Mustang.
" 'Well, he better not be up to anything he might later 
regret,' Fritz would repeat over and over. 'Regretting is 
the worst part of doing something you shouldn't.'
" 'And if he is doing something that you don't approve of, 
Fritz, what are you going to do to him?'
" 'You just keep your eyes on him,' Fritz would say with 
an atypical fear in his eyes. 'What we had was good, 
perfect. Now it's all upside down, and it doesn't have to 
be like that. It can be the way it was, Gordon, just you 
talk to him.'
"Some time later, at night just as I was bedding down in 
the trunk, Daryl came to me. He entered through the 
passenger side door and kneeled on the front seat, facing 
the rear of the car. The lights in both the interior of the 
Mustang and in the trunk were out, and I could just 
perceive his dark form leaning at me over the front seat. 
'Gordon,' he whispered softly, 'come out with me tonight 
and we'll bring down some big law breakers, you and I 
together. And you can tell me why Fritz made us into 
RADAR Rangers. You can tell me the things I need to 
know.' He cast his eyes down at the worn carpet covering 
the space between the plastic-coated rear seat and the 
sagging back of the front seat. 'I need more than books 
and magazines.'
" 'I wish I knew the answers, Daryl, but I don't.' The 
shadows around his eyes and under his thick bottom lip 
grew darker, and I could hear his respiration increase. I 
kept on talking to calm my own rapidly beating heart. 
'You're angry with me because I can't give you the 
definitive answers you want to hear. But listen to me, 
Daryl, the same questions trouble me I have been 
troubling me for years. I don't know why Fritz chose me 
and then you. I used to think it was because he needed 
slaves or that he was just trying to keep me from running 
away when he changed you. It might be all these things 
I and more. Fritz isn't going toQor can'tQtell us.' I 
stretched out with my left arm from my stomach-down 
position in the damp, Lycra (TM)-lined trunk and gently 
touched Daryl's gloved right hand where it was resting on 
top of the front seat. 'But Fritz does have something 
important to tell us: 'Don't ask so many questions.' We've 
been together so long and in all that time you've given me 
uncompromised support in my search for understanding 
and knowledge. Let's not drag that companionship into a 
situation that could destroy us both. Let it go.'
"Of course, Daryl couldn't accept what I'd said. He 
exploded up and around on his knees and fell with a 
heated thud onto the front seat, the back of his matted 
head shaking in disheveled layers at me. He tore at that 
hair with such sudden force that I was overcome with 
apprehension. Looking up into the rear view mirror at 
that moment, I saw him bite into his lower lip with 
enough vengeance to draw a rivulet of blood that 
meandered aimlessly for a moment, then found a straight 
path down his chin. He caught my stare in the mirror and 
said quietly, 'I know we can't be alone, Gordon. Others 
like us have to be upholding the law, too. We can find 
them, seek shelter with them.' His words reminded me of 
my own years ago when I first threatened to leave Fritz. 
But there was no pain in Daryl's words as there had been 
in mine. His words conveyed an urgency, a callous 
urgency, to get what he wanted at any expense, and in 
this case, he intended Fritz to pay.
"Did he leave and what happened to Fritz?" asked the 
mountain biker in one quick exhalation.
"Whoa," said the RADAR Ranger, bemused at the 
cyclist's sudden enthusiasm. "One thing at a time. Leave? 
Where could he have gone? We both speculated at the 
existence of other RADAR Rangers, but we still had no 
proof. But it wasn't the lack of proof that kept Daryl from 
going. What kept him bound to our little triad was the 
same thing that had kept both Fritz and me together for 
countless years. It was something that was part of all our 
natures: We couldn't stand to be alone. We needed each 
other to be whole. Surrounded by a harried world of 
moving violations and law breakers, the grist of our 
citation mill, where else could we turn?"
"While I vacillated back and forth with my anxiety, Daryl 
continued to play with fire, reading his magazines in 
front of Fritz and asking questions. 'Who made you into a 
RADAR Ranger?' he asked repeatedly. 'Why don't you 
ever talk about him with us?' he demanded, calmly 
weathering Fritz' counter assault as if it were a spring 
breeze. 'Can't you remember?'
"During one of their verbal skirmishes, Daryl said in a 
low voice to Fritz, 'You don't know anything at all, do 
you? The RADAR Ranger who made you what you are 
didn't know anything and the ranger before him didn't 
know anything. Your entire background is made of 
know-nothings. You have nothing to offer us but an 
absence of knowledge.'
"I remained where I was, at the back of my Mustang, 
pretending to check the tread wear on my Goodyear 
Gatorbacks, and strained to hear all that passed between 
the two. I didn't have to strain to hear Fritz' response.
" 'Yes!' the blast of his answer rocketed past me into 
space.
"Both of them stood there silently looking at one another, 
Daryl coolly confident in his triumph while a cast of 
emotions scampered across Fritz' face like the cells in an 
animated film. I was poking my head around the side of 
the car at tire height when Fritz shifted his gaze to me, as 
if I had dropped the tread gaugeQwhich I hadn'tQand 
alerted him to my presence. The look on his face was that 
of a driver who has just looked in his rear view mirror 
and seen the flashing red and blue lights of a patrol car 
bearing down on him. Fritz was afraid, truly afraid.
" 'You're responsible for his behavior,' Fritz spat at me, 
and he turned, walked slowly over to his Mustang, got in, 
and drove onto the highway.
"When the dust of his departure had settled, I stood up 
and walked from behind my cruiser to where Daryl was 
standing. 'It's just as you've said,' I praised him, 'he 
knows less than we do. He has nothing of value to teach 
us.'
" 'How could we have ever thought otherwise?' Daryl 
beamed. 'We have only one choice now and that is to find 
others of our kind. And I believe that we'll find other 
RADAR Rangers I on the Sonoma coast.
" 'But how could that be?' I protested. 'The Sonoma coast 
is less than 25 miles from where we are now. Why 
wouldn't we have been alerted to their presence I why 
wouldn't they have contacted us before now?' My 
shoulders had suddenly became tense, and my fingers 
began twitching a nervous rhapsody in the air around 
them.
" 'I can't give you specific answers I it's a gut feeling I 
have,' Daryl said to reassure me, but his eyes wandered 
off to a place I couldn't see even though his arms and 
hands gestured randomly in its general direction. 'I've 
seen its name more than once in the magazines and 
journals I've been reading.' He paused as if trying to 
recall some of the descriptions he had seen. 'Think of it, 
Gordon. Beauty at every turn in the road. Sandy beaches 
to stroll along, dramatic cliffs rising high above the sea 
and colorful sunsets to bedazzle your senses. Countless 
antique shops and art galleries that offer priceless 
treasures. And at the end of each day, a myriad of cozy 
inns along the sea in which to feast on fresh seafood and 
organically grown vegetables. It's the perfect place to 
play and relax. Gordon, it's the perfect environment in 
which RADAR Rangers could have evolved into into 
men of pure action!'
"I considered Daryl's words for several moments before 
their wisdom descended like a thunderhead on me, 
washing away old doubts and misconceptions. The 
Sonoma coast! The ideal climate and terrain. Sea, air, and 
land in perfect combination for the emergence of a 
superior breed of individual. And the law breaking 
tourists drawn to it by the same qualities that had given 
rise to us. The perfect prey for the perfect predator!
"Daryl could see the mind-storm broiling within me and 
added an extra charge of electricity to the building 
thunderhead. 'Don't forget the commercial wineries open 
to the public year round, Gordon. They send out an 
endless supply of foggy-minded drivers, each swerving 
back to the coast like lemmings to the sea, ready to hand 
their fate over to us along the narrow coastal roads. My 
God, the Sonoma coast has to be the place of our birth!'
"I could find no fault with Daryl's logic and nodded an 
emotional agreement."
The RADAR Ranger's voice trailed off, jets of internal 
body heat mixing with the cooler air in front of his face 
and condensing into a fine mist. He looked down at the 
mountain biker sitting in a crouched position at the table, 
from which he hadn't moved since the ranger had begun 
his tale. The cyclist's arms formed an X across his chest 
and each hand held the biceps of the opposite arm tightly.
"Are you uncomfortable?" asked the ranger. "You look as 
though you're cold. Can I get you a jacket or a blanket to 
throw over your shoulders?"
"No thanks, sir," answered the mountain biker with a 
slight chattering of teeth. "I'll just slip my windbreaker on 
I that should do it." The cyclist raised himself slowly 
from the oak chair and stood on lactic-acid sore legs next 
to the table he had been hunched over since early 
evening. After shaking each leg with a series of short, 
muscle-relaxing kicks aimed at the open air immediately 
in front of and above his MTB shoes, he sauntered over 
to the peg in the wall where he had flung his lightweight, 
nylon-coated ripstop Performance Ultralight Team Jacket 
(TM). He moved like a bull rider in a rodeo just thrown, 
slowly rocking precariously from one bowed leg to the 
other as he inched forward. The RADAR Ranger laughed 
quietly to himself as the cyclist forced aching arms 
through the hook-and-loop/elastic wrist cuffs at the end 
of his aero blue, long-cut sleeves.
The mountain biker smiled when he returned to the table, 
then reached one hand sluggishly around his back and 
fumbled for a few seconds at one of his three zippered 
rear pockets. He enthusiastically dug deep into the pocket 
as if searching for a precious stone or rare bird feather. 
When he at last brought his hand back around to the front 
of his body, it contained a half-eaten Power Bar (TM), 
the loose, shiny gold wrapper crumpled over the end of 
the last bite he had taken earlier that afternoon.
"Wana' bite?" he offered, extending his half-spent trophy 
to the RADAR Ranger. The older man eyed the wrinkled 
wrapper, looked at the cyclist, then returned his gaze to 
the object held out before him. The ranger's lips pursed 
together as if he had just eaten a yellow lemon, and he 
wrinkled his deeply tanned nose in disgust and shook his 
head to mean "no."
"It's good for you." explained the cyclist as he peeled the 
slippery covering off the brown bar. "Replaces carbs your 
body has burned off and keeps your cells stocked with 
vitamins and minerals to keep 'em firing. Say," added the 
mountain biker as an enlightened afterthought, "you can 
even use the wrapper to temporarily patch a blown tire 
casing. Real handy."
"That's very interesting," admitted the RADAR Ranger as 
he sat down across from the cyclist and stretched his legs 
out under the table, "but I'm not particularly hungry right 
now. Perhaps I'll have something to drink when I'm 
finished with my story." He eyed the cyclist skeptically. 
But the biker paid him no attention as he worked the bar, 
now tightly clamped between his front teeth, back and 
forth, each time moving the brown solid more easily than 
before. With a final tug and audible crack, a piece of the 
cold-hardened bar broke off in the cyclist's eager mouth 
and he began to chew slowly.
"Did he successfully engineer your escape from Fritz?" 
mumbled the cyclist after he pushed the softening mass 
into the pouch of one cheek with his tongue.
The RADAR Ranger leaned back in his chair and waved 
toward the mountain biker with the upturned fingers of 
his right hand, as if motioning the cyclist closer. "Surely 
you must have an opinion. What do you think 
happened?"
"I I I don't know, sir."
"Are you saying, then, that you don't think Daryl was 
capable of breaking Fritz' hold on us?"
"Fritz was so powerful, you've already said that," 
theorized the mountain biker. "Even if he didn't know as 
much as he led you to believe, there was so much more 
that he might have known. He could have used that 
knowledge to prevent you from ever escaping. I mean, he 
had held you to him for so long already. What if he had 
accomplished that with some secret knowledge, with his 
secret powers? You'd never be able to escape."
A shadow seemed to cross the RADAR Ranger's brow 
and he pressed the spread thumb and middle finger of his 
left hand tightly into both his temples. When he pulled 
them away, the two white spots that marked the place 
where his fingers had rested pulsed with the blood just 
denied them. The ranger peered at the mountain biker for 
a long time, and the biker finally had to look away from 
the two burning eyes that had locked onto him. He raised 
his own eyes again to the ranger only after the older man 
resumed talking.
"I believe I may have understated Daryl's powers to you. 
Daryl remained supremely confident in his quest for our 
freedom from Fritz. In fact, not long after the incident I 
just described, he made his move."
"Do you mean to say that he killed Fritz, burned his 
body, then buried him alongside the road?"
"No!" replied an angered RADAR Ranger. "He did not 
kill, burn, or bury Fritz. This is not a story of death and 
dying, it's a Gothic tale of Good and Evil. If you want 
death and dying, there's still time tonight to catch the last 
showing of "Dracula" at the FairFax Cinema or maybe 
you'd rather rent a video of "Rambo."
The mountain biker lowered his eyes in embarrassment, 
focused for a moment on the irregular hole that was 
growing in the plank flooring between his nervously 
twitching MTB shoes, and asked the RADAR Ranger to 
continue. "Please. I'm sorry, sir."
"Daryl and I were out cruising in the Mustang, bringing 
down law breakers for our daily quotas. Daryl delighted 
in citing large, powerful four-door sedans with all the 
amenitiesQair conditioning, power windows, cellular 
phone, adjustable steering column, tape/CD/AM-FM 
stereo entertainment system, leather upholstery, dual 
overhead camshafts, tinted glass all aroundQwhile 
mocking me for my continued insistence on ticketing 
nothing larger than mopeds and bicycles. We both were 
in good spirits, talking casually about speeders we had 
brought down, the permanent ozone hole over Illinois, 
the collapse of the Japanese stock exchange, the civil war 
in France. Despite his mirth and cool exterior, I could 
detect an underlying solemnity in Daryl. 'Could this be 
the day?' I wondered. 'Will he just keep on driving north 
when we reach Novato, then cut left at Petaluma and try 
to lose us among the twists and turns of the Sonoma 
coast? Has he already made contact with other RADAR 
Rangers who can help us?'
"We drove on in this fashion for many minutes, Daryl in 
the driver's seat, our outward worries and concerns 
disguised by a renewed joviality and camaraderie. At one 
point, Daryl reached over and turned on the radio, 
punching one of the small squares of plastic under the 
unit's digital display that dialed in the local classics 
station. A guitar piece came to life over the speaker 
system and I was about to comment on the station's wide 
variety of music. Daryl waved me to be quiet and I cut 
short what I had intended to say. He listened to the 
opening chords of Albeniz' Sevilla for a moment or two 
before he began to speak. 
" 'You know, Gordon, although no one's sure about the 
origin of the guitar, we've always assumed that it came 
from the East. Just like the lute. Archaeologists have 
uncovered monuments in Mesopotamia and Persia that 
date from pre-Christian times that portray a variety of 
stringed instruments. A number of these instruments 
appear related to the lute and to the western guitar. Do 
you understand what I'm saying, Gordon?'
"I was looking at the exotic technology that surrounded 
the radio on our dash when Daryl asked his question. 
'What a difference,' I thought as I attempted to sort out 
the meaning of his words, 'between this classical 
instrument and the high tech equipment we use 
everyday.' The contrast between the two worlds, art and 
science, suddenly struck me and I recalled Fritz' belief 
that men of action must use the science of art for the 
common good.
"Influenced by these thoughts, I said, 'You're saying that 
we have to enlighten people about the development of art 
as science so that it can be turned to the public good. In 
effect, you're striking at the very heart of the issue that 
distinguishes Good from Evil.'
"Daryl reached over to the radio and pressed the button 
that lowered the volume to all the cruiser's speakers. He 
pulled back his finger from the button when the strings of 
the guitar were barely audible. 'Always the humanist, 
Gordon,' he said matter-of-factly. 'You'll never be able to 
escape that part of your nature, will you? No, I'm not 
talking about Good and Evil. I'm talking about history. 
Everything has a history, including guitars. Including 
RADAR Rangers. I'm going to unearth that history and 
give us something we can hold onto I call our own I 
sink our teeth into. Musicologists look to the East for the 
origins of guitars; well, Gordon, we're going to look to 
the West for the origins of RADAR Rangers. And that 
search is about to begin now.'"
Break Away
" 'What are you talking about,' I said, sensing that today, 
indeed, was the day Daryl would attempt his break away 
from Fritz. 'What do you mean the search is about to 
begin now?'
"He had suddenly become very busy driving the Mustang 
and ignored my questions. He turned on the overhead 
flashing red and blue lights, swung out into the fast lane 
and flipped the switch that fed the nitrous oxide into the 
fuel injection chambers. Roaring north along 101, he 
turned to me with a sheepish smile on his face. 'We're on 
our way now.'
" 'But we haven't made any plans, we're not prepared. 
Fritz will track us down in no time,' I stammered. 'We 
need time to talk this completely through.'
" 'Don't worry, Gordon. Just hang on.' He maneuvered the 
Mustang at nitrous oxide speed among the unsuspecting 
drivers with a facility that I hadn't known he possessed. I 
held my eyes tightly closed, the pressure on them forcing 
hot tear tracks down my cheeks. Daryl was Han Solo 
chasing Darth Vader's warriors through hyperspace, and I 
reasoned that I would talk sense to him when the pressure 
let up and the stars in my eyes stopped screaming.
"The pressures did let up, but Daryl began talking as soon 
as they did, and I had no opportunity to express my 
concerns. 'When I pull him over to the side of the road,' 
he was saying, 'I want you to get out of the car and walk 
around to the passenger side of his vehicle. Don't listen to 
anything he says or let him exit through that door. Do 
you follow me, Gordon?'
" 'Yes, but whose car? Who are you talking about?' Daryl 
didn't have to tell me because at that moment we came up 
behind a cruising purple and yellow Mustang, the 
silhouette of a familiar figure sitting on the driver's side. 
'What the devil is this all about?' spilled into the cab of 
our car as the two-way radio came to life and 
automatically cut off the sounds of our Am/FM system. 
'Get off my tail and out of my sight,' the angry voice 
shouted.
"Daryl picked up the handset of his radio and spoke 
calmly into it. 'Fritz, please pull over to the side of the 
road, I've got something I want to talk to you about. I feel 
bad about what's been happening with us and I want to 
try and make it right again. I feel strongly about this and 
don't want to wait any longer than I have to to talk with 
you.'
"Fritz' Mustang continued on ahead several miles before 
he acknowledged Daryl's request with a matched set of 
bright, red tail lights. We followed him three car lengths 
distant off 101 onto a soft, dirt shoulder. Parked and with 
the Mustang's engine idling softly, Daryl instructed me to 
do just as he had explained. 'Stand by the passenger side 
window of his car and let me do the talking.' I nodded my 
allegiance and we both stepped out of our car and walked 
over to the other vehicle before Fritz could open his door. 
I stood shivering silently by the passenger side, a chill 
wind whipping off the bay waters, and waited.
"Fritz rolled down the side window separating him from 
Daryl, who was stooping slightly so that he could more 
easily address the older ranger. Paying no attention to 
me, but concentrating his attention on Daryl, Fritz said, 
'What is it you want to say to me?'
"I'm here to extend an olive branch I I want to make 
peace with you, Fritz. I would like things to return to the 
way they were.'
"Fritz wanted this to happen more than either of usQI 
could see it in his eyesQbut he was not a ranger to accept 
a branch unexamined. He quickly looked my way for a 
brief moment, paying me scant recognition, then returned 
his gaze to Daryl. 'Yes, I would like that to happen, too. 
But you've got to stop asking me all those inane questions 
of yours, and you've got to stop following me. If you 
want to go where I go, ride with me. And stop thinking 
about finding other RADAR Rangers; there are none. 
Remember that this is where you uphold the law I that 
this is where you belong. There is no other place for you 
to go. I take care of you and Gordon. Neither of you 
needs anything else.'
" 'Yes, fine,' replied Daryl, 'now let's make peace. I have 
an offering, a present, for you.'
" 'An offering? You're actually serious; you have a 
present for me? I wouldn't have expected this from you, 
but it's only right that you should offer one.' Fritz' 
characteristic arrogance was returning and his muggy 
self-satisfaction began to fog both the front and rear 
windows. 'Where is the present? Take me to it now.'
" 'You won't have to go far,' smiled Daryl. 'I have it right 
here,' and he reached down to his citation book, flipped 
back the cover, and tore out the first ticket, which had 
already been filled out, signed his name at the bottom, 
and dropped it on Fritz' lap. He did all this in a single, 
blurred motion that took less than a fraction of a second. 
Fritz sat there in the Mustang, a dumbfounded look on 
his face. He had not expected this last rapid sequence of 
events.
"After a moment of confused silence, the older ranger 
regained enough of his composure to ask, 'What the 
deuce is this all about? Do you think I' when suddenly 
he fell silent. Something was definitely wrong with the 
scene before me. Fritz' head had rolled back against the 
rigid headrest jutting up out of the driver's seat, and he 
was staring misty-eyed at the plastic lining of the 
cruiser's ceiling. He was trying to move his tongue to say 
something, but the unruly muscle would not form the 
proper patterns on the roof of his mouth or behind his 
teeth. A shudder passed through him, and his shoulders 
rocked heavily against the back of the seat. With great 
effort, he managed to make a weak, gurgling sound, and I 
opened the passenger door and moved closer to hear him.
" 'Get out and close the door!' commanded Daryl. Then to 
Fritz, 'How do you like it, old man. Your very own 
speeding ticket.'"
" 'Gordon,' Fritz was trying to say to me, his head unable 
to turn in my direction. 'Gordon I Gordon, he's 
destroying me. A RADAR Ranger can't survive a 
documented moving violation. He's I ' Fritz struggled to 
slide closer to me, but his paralyzed muscles wouldn't 
carry him. I again opened the door and moved closer so 
that he could speak more easily to me, but Daryl ordered 
me back.
" 'That's right, Fritz: a speeding ticket. A little something 
I learned from my readings that you never bothered to tell 
us: we RADAR Rangers can give out speeding tickets 
with abandon, but we can't receive them and keep our 
good nature. The consequences certainly can be dire, 
can't they. In fact, you're not looking too good right now, 
old fellow.'
" 'Gordon,' Fritz was gurgling at the back of his throat, 
'take the ticket I off me. His words were barely audible 
over the coarse bay wind that swirled around us. 'The 
ticket I it's an abomination I sucking my spirit out. My 
RADAR Ranger nature can't I withstand the irony.' He 
raised his hand a short distance from his side as if to 
signal me closer, but let it fall back immediately, 
exhausted from the slight exertion.
" 'So, your RADAR Ranger nature is running out on you, 
is it, Fritz?' Daryl said to him. 'Let's see if we can speed it 
along.' Saying these words, the younger ranger began 
penning hurriedly in his citation book, ripping out tickets 
and dropping them on Fritz' convulsing body. 'This one's 
for driving without wearing a seat belt. And here's 
another for parking illegally alongside a highway. While 
we're at it, this citation is for changing lanes without 
signalling beforehand. And that one for not showing 
proper insurance and registration papers.' Each sheet of 
paper that touched Fritz caused his body to shudder as if 
a jolt of electricity had been discharged inside him. 'God!' 
he gasped, 'God, I'm going.' I turned my burning eyes 
from his misery, unable to endure his cries of pain and 
torment. The ground seemed to oscillate under my feet.
" 'Stop, Daryl,' I shouted. 'You're killing him. You never 
said anything about killing. We were going to escape him 
only, that was all.'
"Daryl continued his frenzy of ticket writing, his arms a 
vague, gray cloud of movement as the storm of tickets 
floated down and covered Fritz. 'No,' he said at last, the 
cloud in front of him coalescing into two arms, 'I'm not 
killing him. I'm draining him of his RADAR Ranger 
nature. I'm returning him to the world of lesser men from 
which he came. I don't know, but that may be worse than 
death. But we're not going to wait to find out. We 
heading for the Sonoma coast now. That's where our 
history waits for us.'
" 'What's going to happen to Fritz, then?' my weaker, 
emotional human side asked.
" 'He'll remain unconscious for a time. Before he comes 
to, I imagine someone will happen by and phone the 
emergency services for him. He'll recover in a few days, 
if you can call waking up in a world of lesser men 
without your RADAR Ranger nature 'recovering'. I 
imagine he'll have to appear before traffic court to 
account for all these tickets, and, when all is said and 
done, maybe he can get back his job selling the K-15 
from door to door. Not a pleasant thought, but someone 
has to do it.'
"We were finally free of Fritz and the great adventure of 
our lives was about to begin," said the RADAR Ranger to 
the mountain biker with a flourish of his arms.
Part Two: Sonoma Coast
The mountain biker half stood, leaning across the table as 
far as his arms would support him. "It's not true, is it, sir? 
I mean about Fritz. He did die, didn't he?" His face 
grimaced, partially from the physical effort, but mostly 
from the black images that crossed the stage of his mind's 
theater. "Each time Daryl threw a ticket on his body, his 
skin darkened and wrinkled until there was only a thin, 
brittle parchment-like substance covering his bones. His 
skull, that was the worst, right? Cracked, bloodless lips 
drawing back from broken, yellow teeth underneath I 
the nose shriveling up into a bud of rocky tissue, two 
cavernous holes beckoning to worms and maggots. Of 
course, his eyes weren't effected and they watched what 
was happening with an unspeakable horror, the dilated 
irises doing an Irish jig across a red-ribbed white floor. 
And in the end, all that was left of Fritz broke into a fine 
powder that you and Daryl buried in an unmarked grave."
The RADAR Ranger shifted uneasily in his chair. "Your 
imagination far exceeds your sensibilities, and I caution 
you not to read your private fantasies into my story, 
making it something that it is not. The story is true as far 
as I've told it; I've neither added nor left anything out. 
You mountain bikers are an unruly lot and my tale is 
soon to touch upon you, too."
The mountain biker had cast his eyes downward so many 
times that evening they were beginning to stick in a 
permanent position of supplication. "I'm sorry, sir. I'll try 
not to get carried away anymore," he promised as more 
dark, vague images floated across his mind. "Please, don't 
stop your story on my account. I want to hear all of it. It's 
the best story I've ever heard on the mountain."
"Yes, I imagine that it is," said the ranger as he stretched 
his body into a more comfortable position on the old oak 
chair. "We were on our great adventure, as I was saying, 
heading north on 101 to the Petaluma exit where we 
turned west off the highway. Fritz was behind us and we 
did not talk about him. In fact, we remained solemnly 
quiet, each thinking his own thoughts, not sharing them 
with the other. It was winter and the rolling hills between 
Petaluma and the town of Tomales on the coast were 
brown with dried grasses and topped with spindly, stick-
figure trees, their leaves blown off long ago. The 20 mile 
stretch of countryside passed by quickly and we were 
soon at the gateway to what Daryl believed was the 
birthplace of RADAR Rangers.
"Upon entering Tomales, a town of less than 1000 people 
and fairly typical of settlements along the Sonoma coast, 
Daryl began tapping a quick drum roll with his hands on 
the lower circumference of the steering wheel. 'What did 
I tell you,' he grinned at me. 'Will you look at that.' I 
scanned in the direction of his outstretched arm and saw a 
jet black Lexus with gold colored hood ornament and 
signature hub caps pulling across the town's only main 
intersection. 'He's making a left turn against the red light, 
Gordon. He's breaking the law! This is a sign, make no 
mistake about it.'
"He cocked back his middle finger with his thumb, then 
let fly at the switch that turned on our flashing red and 
blue lights. 'We're off,' he smiled like a kid at St. 
Petersburg DisneyWorld and quickly rolled up behind the 
Lexus, pulling it over to the roadside with our shrill siren. 
'Come on, Gordon, let's write him up right. This is our 
holy communion with the land of our fathers.'
" 'No,' I said, 'nothing larger than a moped, remember? 
You go ahead. I feel like stretching my legs a bit, 
anyway. I'm going to take a walk down the street here 
and see what I can find. I'll commune with our 
forefathers later, ok?'
He eyed me suspiciously. 'Still thinking about Fritz?'
"I nodded 'yes' and climbed out my side of the car. Daryl 
shrugged his shoulders and exited from his side. We both 
leaned our elbows on the cruiser's roof and looked at one 
another in silence. 'I'll meet you back here in a little 
while,' I finally said and we walked off in our different 
directions."
Church
"I was walking again, an activity I hadn't done much of 
since my days with Jackie on the streets of Ross. I 
strolled past country stores, looking at food and antiques 
through wavering glass, but not really seeing the goods 
laid out in their carefully made beds. I absentmindedly 
turned the first corner I came to and took a few strides 
before looking up. In front of me was a small parish, 
well-trimmed shrubbery climbing up the clean walls and 
framing intricately worked stained glass windows. A 
gray-haired man dressed in a long, flowing black robe 
had just climbed off an old Schwinn single speed, 
propped it up against the parish wall, and walked into the 
building through the open door. I followed him in with 
thoughts of Jackie and Fritz mingled together in my 
mind.
"I had not been in a church since my beginnings with 
Fritz. The interior was dimly lit, and much of its light 
came in hues of red, blue, yellow, and green through the 
ornate windows. Directly ahead of me was the alter 
covered with fine linen upon which the symbols of the 
church and been meticulously hand stitched. Atop the 
linen sat fresh-cut flowers in two clear crystal vases. 
Several people prayed among the dark stained pews that 
filled the large room. In the far corner were two draped 
confessionals, conspiring side-by-side. The light was on 
above the booths, indicating that confessions were being 
