That flecks the green meadow with sunshine and shadow,
     Till the little lamb leap with delight?
'Tis a secret untold to hearts cruel and cold,        
     Though 'tis sung, by the angels above,
In notes that ring clear for the ears that can hear-
     And the name of the secret is Love!
          For I think it is Love,
          For I feel it is Love,
     For I'm sure it is nothing but Love!                   
1/100        [17] Networked  Poetry & Prose
Title:       Broken Hearts...
Date:        Tue Oct 19, 1993 21:32:25 (9 days old)
Origin:      Charon's Boat (Washington) [509-926-0155]
From:        Kylis Noren #106 @1509015 VirtualNET  
Broken hearts and shattered dreams
Happens to me a lot it seems
An endless cycle of despair
It seems no one really cares
Sometimes.
A closed heart, it seems to be
Is my only defense from me
When I open up some more
The world quickly slams the door
Hurting.               
We've known each other for a while
Now it will hurt when I see your smile
For I thought I knew you fairly well
But now I'm trapped in my lonely hell
Dying.
You know that we will stay friends
For true friendships have no ends
I made my heart as clear as glass
Now the hurt inside me will pass
Slowly.......
I'm over the pain, but not completely
The fire smoulders and my heart beats weakly
The haze is gone, and clear are my eyes
What I felt for you is gone from our lives
Completely.
But the effects of this event
The aftershocks I can't prevent
They will never really go away
And I will always find it hard to say
Truthfully.
Because this has happened before
It's happened so many times before
And I'll never recover from anyone
It's hard to believe that I've never won
Honestly.
I've tried before and always been hurt
So many times been made to feel like dirt
I always seem to find the one who
Will always, without fail, say no
Destroying.
And now that it's over, now that it's done
I hope that someday I will find the one
That won't say no, that won't turn away
That will actually want me to say
"I love you."
                       
14/15        [4] Local PLasTic PoEtry (Could be?)
Title:       hehehehe
Date:        Tue Oct 19, 1993 22:56:36 (5 days old)
Origin:      Plastic Poultry (Texas) [214-333-2949]
From:        Sysop III #4 @1214016 VirtualNET  
We don't know about other peoples, but we thinks that we likes to refer to
ourselves in the plurals.    (Kind of a Gollum - Hobbit - sorta thingy...)
ALSO, we thinks death poetry is cool... thats why we listen to Metallica...
okay, it's not like death metal, but it is pretty morbid... but also
uplifting and relaxing... as we always say "Metallica is the language of
love!"
"An Ode to DeatH" - By Us!
Falling swiftly into the nether
Bringing with a sense of loss
As if something more should have been done
Before the last line was written
Heedless of their calling after      
Can't return so just move on
The realization must be avoided
Or you'll disappear
 We wrote that while on-line here.  Pretty nifty We think. Sorry it doesn't
rhyme, but that would be to difficult without a thesaurus.... hehehe...
We must continue this Plurality... Hmmm... we're thinking shizophrenia, but
what do we know.  
                          
               THE POPLAR AND THE STREAM
   Once upon a time . . . a woodcutter called Ivan lived ln a huge forest in
the north of Russia. A sturdy young man, with his bare hands he built himself 
a stout log cabin and when it was finished, he thought he would look for a
wife. His dream was of a beautiful maiden, tall, slender and fair, with blue
eyes and a creamy skin.
   On Sundays he roamed to distant villages looking for the girl of his
dreams. But the only girls he ever saw were dull and not pretty enough.
   As it so happened, the path he took to work passed close to a pretty little
house with green shutters. Often, the corner of a curtain would be raised and
a sweet-faced girl would watch the woodcutter as he went by. For he had
unwittingly lit the flames of love in a maiden's heart. This young girl c
alled Natasha; she was very shy, but her love for the woodcutter was so great
that, one day, she plucked up enough courage to stop him on the path.
   "I picked this basket of strawberries myself," she said. "Please eat them
and think of me!"
   "Well, she's not exactly ugly," said Ivan to himself as he stared woodenly 
at Natasha, who was blushing to the roots of her hair.
   "I don't like strawberries," he replied bluntly. "But thanks all the same!"
   Tears sprang to Natasha's eyes as she watched him stride away. A few days
later, the girl again stopped Ivan and held out a woolen jacket saying: "The
air will be chilly tonight when you go home. This will keep you warm. I made it
myself."
   But Ivan coldly replied: "What makes you think that a man like me is afraid
of the cold?"
   And this time, at Ivan's refusal, two tears rolled down Natasha's rosy
cheeks and she fled sobbing into the house.
   However, Natasha again watched for the woodcutter. This time, she held out
a bottle and said: "You can t refuse a liqueur that I distilled from all the
fruits of the forest! It will ..." But Ivan broke in saying: "I don't like
liqueurs," and I marched straight on. However, he realized he had been very
rude, so he turned round, but Natasha had gone. As he walked, he said to
himself: " She has gentle eyes . . . and she must be very kind-hearted! 
Perhaps I should take at least one of her gifts, but . . ." The picture of his
dream girl slipped into his mind. "I'm so unhappy!" he sighed.
   At that very moment, on a golden cloud appeared a beautiful lady. "Will you
sing a song for me? I'm Rosalka, one of the woodland fairies!" Ivan stood
thunderstruck.
   "I'd sing for you for the rest of my life!" he exclaimed "If only I could
. . ." and he stretched out his hand to touch the fairy, but she floated out
of reach amongst the branches.
   "Sing then! Sing! Only the sound of your voice will ever send me to sleep!"
So Ivan happily sang all the old lullabies and love songs, while the drowsy 
fairy urged him on: "Sing! Sing!"
   Cold and weary, his voice getting hoarser the woodcutter sang till evening,
as he tried to help the fairy to fall asleep. But when night fell, Rosalka was
still demanding: "If you love me, sing on! Sing!"
   As the woodcutter sang on, in a feeble voice, he kept thinking: "I wish I
had a jacket to keep me warm!"
   Suddenly he remembered Natasha.
   "What a fool I am!" he told himself. "I should have chosen her as my bride,
not this woman who asks and gives nothing in return!"
   Ivan felt that only the gentle-faced Natasha could fill his empty heart. He
fled into the darkness, but he heard a cruel voice call: ". . . you'll never
see her again! All her tears for her great love have turned her into a stream!
You'll never see her again!"
   It was dawn when Ivan knocked at Natasha's door. No one answered. And the
woodcutter saw, with fear, that close by flowed a tiny sparkling stream he had
never noticed before. Weeping sorrowfully, he plunged his face into the water.
   "Oh, Natasha, how could I have been so blind! And I love you now!" Lifting
his gaze to the sky, he silently said a prayer:"Let me stay beside her 
forever! "                                        ||
   Ivan was magically turned into a young poplar tree and the stream bathed its
roots. Natasha had, at last, her beloved Ivan by her side for ever.
                 THE PIED PIPER OF HAMELIN 
   Once upon a time . . . on the banks of a great river in the north of
Germany lay a town called Hamelin. The citizens of Hamelin were honest folk
who lived contentedly in their grey stone houses. The years went by, and the
town grew very rich. Then one day, an extraordinary thing happened to disturb
the peace. Hamelin had always had rats, and a lot too. But they had never been
a danger, for the cats had always solved the rat problem in the usual way - by
killing them. All at once, however, the rats began to multiply. 
   In the end, a black sea of rats swarmed over the whole town. First, they
attacked the barns and storehouses, then, for lack of anything better, they
gnawed the wood, cloth or anything at all. The one thing they didn't eat was
metal. The terrified citizens flocked to plead with the town councillors to
free them from the plague of rats. But the council had, for a long time, been
sitting in the Mayor's room, trying to think of a plan.
   "What we need is an army of cats!" 
   But all the cats were dead.
   "We'll put down poisoned food then . . ."
   But most of the food was already gone and even poison did not stop the rats.
   "It just can't be done without help!" said the Mayor sadly.
   Just then, while the citizens milled around outside, there was a loud knock
at the door. "Who can that be?" the city fathers wondered uneasily, mindful of
the angry crowds. They gingerly opened the door. And to their surprise, there
stood a tall thin man dressed in brightly coloured clothes, with a long
feather in his hat, and waving a gold pipe at them.
   "I've freed other towns of beetles and bats," the stranger announced, "and
for a thousand florins, I'll rid you of your rats!"
   "A thousand florins!" exclaimed the Mayor. "We'll give you fifty thousand 
if you succeed!" At once the stranger hurried away, saying: "It's late now, 
but at dawn tomorrow, there won't be a rat left in Hamelin!"
   The sun was still below the horizon, when the sound of a pipe wafted
through the streets of Hamelin. The pied piper slowly made his way through the
houses and behind him flocked the rats. Out they scampered from doors, windows
and gutters, rats of every size, all after the piper. And as he played, the
stranger marched down to the river and straight into the water, up to his
middle. Behind him swarmed the rats and every one was drowned and swept away
by the current.
   By the time the sun was high in the sky, there was not a single rat in the
town. There was even greater delight at the town hall, until the piper tried
to claim his payment.
   "Fifty thousand florins?" exclaimed the councillors, "Never..."
   " A thousand florins at least!" cried the pied piper angrily. But the Mayor
broke in. "The rats are all dead now and they can never come back. So be
grateful for fifty florins, or you'll not get even that . . ."
   His eyes flashing with rage, the pied piper pointed a threatening finger at
the Mayor.
   "You'll bitterly regret ever breaking your promise," he said, and vanished.
   A shiver of fear ran through the councillors, but the Mayor shrugged and
said excitedly: "We've saved fifty thousand florins!"
   That night, freed from the nightmare of the rats, the citizens of Hamelin
slept more soundly than ever. And when the strange sound of piping wafted
through the streets at dawn, only the children heard it. Drawn as by magic, 
they hurried out of their homes. Again, the pied piper paced through the town,
this time, it was children of all sizes that flocked at his heels to the sound
of his strange piping. The long procession soon left the town and made its way
through the wood and across the forest till it reached the foot of a huge
mountain. When the piper came to the dark rock, he played his pipe even louder
still and a great door creaked open. Beyond lay a cave. In trooped the
children behind the pied piper, and when the last child had gone into the
darkness, the door reaked shut. A great landslide came down the mountain 
blocking the entrance to the cave forever. Only one little lame boy escaped
this fate. It was he who told the anxious citizens, searching for their
children, what had happened. And no matter what people did, the mountain never
gave up its victims. Many years were to pass before the merry voices of other
children would ring through the streets of Hamelin but the memory of the harsh
lesson lingered in everyone's heart and was passed down from father to son t
hrough the centuries.
                         Pregnant Pause
                         Dorothy Lindman
     A tired-looking young woman opened the door four inches and
peered over the chain.  "Can I help you?"
     He looked her over quickly.  Her face was white and drawn, her
eyes swollen, as if she'd been crying.  Lots of them were like
this; they should've thought of that before.  "Mrs. Jones?"
     "Yes."
     He flipped open his wallet and showed her his badge. 
"Detective Lewis.  Homicide.  I'd like to ask you a few questions."
     She looked at the badge nervously and nodded.  The door closed
for a second, then opened again sans chain.  "Please.  Come in."
     He slipped his badge back into his pocket as he walked into
the house.  The living room was decorated in Generic Suburban
middle-class, everything in pale blue.  The normal-looking ones
were always the ones to watch out for.
     She gestured to the sofa.  "Won't you sit down?"  She took a
seat in the recliner, didn't lean back, sat forward at attention. 
"What's this all about?"
     He could tell she was scared.  That should make it easier.  He
pulled out his notebook computer and tapped the screen to call up
her file.  "According to the hospital, your pregnancy terminated
three days ago."
     She bit her lip.  "Y-yes.  The doctors said there was nothing
they could do..."
     "That's your second miscarriage in two years, Mrs. Jones," he
snapped, taking full advantage of her hesitation.  "Care to explain
that?"
     "I can't," she said weakly.  Her lower lip trembled as she
tried not to cry.  "My doctor wants to run a complete hormone scan
as soon as he can.  He's afraid that... he thinks I might not be
able to carry to term."
     That was an excuse he hadn't heard in a while.  His manner
softened a little, just in case she wasn't lying.  "I'm sorry, but
this is standard procedure.  Now, how soon after conception was the
pregnancy reported?"
     "I don't know, exactly..."
     His eyebrows went up.  "You haven't been taking your weekly
pregnancy tests?  That's a misdemeanor, you know."
     "No, no," she said quickly.  "I mean, yes, I've been taking
the tests-- you can check with my doctor.  What I meant was I don't
know how many *days* it was.  At least two, maybe three or four."
     He nodded and made a note of that.  "Well, that's within
acceptable range.  No trouble there.  And you went on the Diet as
soon as you tested positive?"
     "Oh, yes."  She smiled, a little, but it was mostly a sad
smile.  "My husband and I have been trying to have a baby for
almost three years."
     He grunted.  He'd heard that before.  "I assume your husband
can corroborate that.  No drugs, including tobacco or alcohol?" 
She shook her head.  "No caffeine?"  Another shake, not quite so
certain.  "You're sure?  No coffee?  Tea?  Cola?  Chocolate?"
     She gave a tiny gasp.  "I forgot.  I... had an ice cream
cone..."
     "And when was this?"
     "Um, about two weeks ago, I think.  I'd have to check my
dietary log."  She looked at him helplessly.  "I didn't want to do
it.  I had a craving."
     Another grunt.  "I'll take a look at your log in a minute. 
Anything else you've forgotten?"
     "I don't think so."
     "Do you work outside the home, Mrs. Jones?"
     "Yes.  I'm a customer service representative at the
airport..."
     "Complaint department, huh?  When did you go on leave?"
     "I had another five weeks before my mandatory leave deadline." 
She smiled that sad smile again.  "I was going to take leave as
soon as my husband got another assignment.  He's a contract
programmer, and things have been a little slow..."
     "You weren't aware that customer service representative is
listed as a high-stress occupation?  Mandatory leave date for HSO's
is *four* months, not *six*."  He glared at her accusingly and
clicked his light pen off.  "I'd like to see your medicine
cabinet."
     She rose and led him to the stairs.  He looked at the steps
critically.  "I assume you don't run up and down these stairs."
     "Not unless I have to."  She shrank under his stare.  "The
only bathroom is upstairs.  And then, sometimes, the cat..."
     He cut her off quite effectively by walking up the stairs.  He
glanced into the bedroom and saw nothing out of the ordinary.  He
went into the bathroom and opened the medicine cabinet.  He clicked
his pen on and began to record all the medications there, both
prescription and over-the-counter.  He paused at one bottle.  Based
on the date filled, the dosage, and a guess at the number of
tablets remaining, this might be a violation.
     "What's this?"  He turned and showed it to her.
     "That's for my allergies."  She smiled apologetically.  "This
time of year, I can barely see without them."
     "You've been *taking* this?"
      She flinched.  "My doctor said it was okay; he said it was on
the 'Safe List'."
     "It was until three weeks ago.  The FDA announced that this
compound was shown to cause birth defects in laboratory mice, and
they took it off the Safe List."
     She clapped her hands over her mouth.  "I... I didn't know..."
     "Ignorance is no excuse."  He pocketed the bottle and closed
the medicine cabinet.   "I'm going to have to take you in for
questioning, Mrs. Jones."
     "Wh-what?"
     "Abuse of an unborn child, suspicion of murder."
     She shrank away in horror.  "You think I lost the baby on
*purpose*?"
     "Maybe, maybe not.  We have to check it out."  He shrugged. 
"They'll probably only charge you with negligent homicide, anyway."
     She let out a wail that would have split his soul if he hadn't
heard hundreds like it before.  She collapsed to the floor,
convulsed with hysterical sobbing, and once again he thought about
asking for a transfer from the Fetal Homicide division.  It had
seemed so natural when he joined, ensuring that unborn children had
full rights under the law from the moment of conception, but after
two years he wasn't so sure anymore.
     He patted her lightly on the shoulder, a useless gesture of
sympathy.  "Hey, don't get so upset," he murmured as he found her
wrists and put the handcuffs on.  "If your hormone scans do come
back abnormal, you'll get off with involuntary manslaughter, tops."
     **In 1994, Congress passed the Human Life Act, which states:
"The life of a human being is considered to begin at conception,
with all rights under the law.  Unborn persons have a right to life
which cannot be infringed."  The law was cheered as a great victory
by the pro-life movement, and people who expressed reservations
that the law was too sweeping and general were largely ignored. 
Feminist activists fought to have the last sentence stricken from
the law, arguing that, according to the act, men and children are
always afforded the right to life, but women are only guaranteed
the right to life when they are not pregnant.
     The Supreme Court upheld the Human Life Act in two separate
cases in 1996.  The ruling in the first case, Tennessee vs.
Newkirk, effectively outlawed not only abortion, but also many
forms of birth control, including all forms of the Pill and IUD's. 
In the second case, Louisiana vs. Andrews, the Court upheld a
conviction of second-degree murder against a woman who sought and
obtained an illegal abortion.  The majority opinion stated, "Under
the law there is no difference between a fetus of four weeks and a
child of four years.  Any woman who knowingly and willfully causes
the death of her unborn child can be considered as guilty of
premeditated murder as if she had knowingly and willfully caused
the death of any other human being."
     A wave of other laws followed, most notably the Fetal Rights
Act of 1997 stating that women who knowingly use substances harmful
to the fetus during pregnancy can be charged with child abuse. 
Originally intended to protect the unborn children of female drug
addicts, the law was quickly extended to all harmful substances:
tobacco, alcohol, sodium, caffeine, and prescription and over-the-
counter drugs including antibiotics and aspirin.
     The American Medical Association challenged the Fetal Rights
Act on the grounds that the law was unenforceable: women could
easily go as long as six weeks before they even realized they were
pregnant.  To facilitate enforcement, many states initiated weekly,
mandatory pregnancy testing for all women of child-bearing age and
ordered that all positive pregnancy tests be reported to Health and
Human Services immediately.  Upon notification of a positive
pregnancy test, women were required to begin a diet approved by the
Surgeon General and maintain a daily dietary log to prove their
compliance.  In some states, pregnant women also became subject to
random drug tests similar to those given to probationers or
parolees.  Women's rights groups and the ACLU have challenged the
mandatory pregnancy tests and random drug tests on the grounds that
it violated women's right to privacy, effectively treating pregnant
women like criminals.  So far, the Fetal Rights Act has been upheld
in all cases.
     When later studies showed the stress had a detrimental effect
on fetuses, Congress passed the Prenatal Leave Act of 1999,
requiring working women to leave their jobs no later that the six
month of their pregnancy and no later than the fourth month if they
were in an occupation designated as High-Stress.
     The Women's Employment Rights Act of 1999, which required
companies to provide job security and unpaid pre-natal leaves to
female employees as well as to continue medical insurance coverage
for women on pre-natal leaves, was struck down as unconstitutional. 
The Maternity Rights Bill, originally proposed in 1983, would
require companies to guarantee six weeks unpaid maternity leave to
female employees.  It has so far failed to pass either house of
Congress.**
               THE PEASANT, THE SNAKE AND THE FOX
   Once upon a time, a peasant on his way home heard a feeble voice calling 
"Help! Help!" He looked round, took a careful step or two then realised that 
the sound was coming from beneath a large boulder. He asked in amazement: 
"Who's that calling?" And a voice replied,
   "It's me. The rock rolled down over my hole and I'm shut in. I can't get 
out, I'm going to die. Please help me. Move the boulder." The peasant then 
asked:
   "But who are you?"
   "I'm a poor snake," came the reply.
   "A snake? But if I let you out you will bite me."
   "No, no, I promise I won't. Get me out, please!" The peasant allowed 
himself to be persuaded and he shifted the boulder . . . and out of a hole in 
the ground slid a snake which darted towards the peasant and tried to bite 
him. The man jumped back and cried,
   "Why did you do that?" The snake replied, "Because every good deed is 
rewarded by an evil one, didn't you know that?"
   "No, I didn't. I don't think that's so," said the peasant.
   "Very well," said the snake. "Let's go and ask someone. If we come across 
someone who thinks as you do, well, that's it, but if people say I'm right, 
then I shall bite you. Agreed?"
   "Agreed," said the peasant, and off they went.
   A little later, they met an old mangy lame horse, thin and covered in 
scratches, with an uncombed mane and dirty tail. The peasant spoke to him.
   "Listen, friend. If someone does a good deed, what does he get as his 
reward?" Without a moment's hesitation, the horse replied.
   "A bad deed. Look at me! I served my master faithfully for years and now 
that I'm old, he has left me to die of starvation!" At these words, the snake 
turned to the peasant and hissed, "Did you hear that? I shall bite you now!" 
But the man exclaimed: "Wait! One question isn't enough! We have to ask 
someone else."
   "Bother!" exclaimed the snake. "Very well, let's look for someone else, but
wait and see, I'm right and I'll get my bite!" So, leaving the horse behind, 
the pair went on their way.
   They met a sheep which, at the peasant's question, said: "A good deed is 
always repaid with a bad deed. Look at me, I always follow my master and never
complain. I obey him all the time and what does he do? He shears my fleece in 
winter, so I feel the cold, and makes me keep it in summer, so I melt with the
heat!"
   "Get ready," said the snake, "I'm about to bite!" But the peasant said,
   "Please! We've had the first round, and the second one as well, now let's 
play the deciding round. If I'm wrong at the third question, then I'll let you
bite me."
   On they went, and in the wood, the peasant caught sight of a fox. Suddenly 
he had an idea. With an excuse, he left the snake on the road and ran into the
wood to speak to the fox.
   "Listen, fox, do you too think that a good deed is always rewarded by a bad
one?" 
   "Of course!" replied the fox. Then the man went on.
   "Well, listen, I'm going to ask you the same question in front of a snake. 
If you say that one good deed is rewarded by another good deed, I'll give you 
a present of a piglet, a lamb or a goose. How's that?"
   "Good," said the fox. The peasant went back to the snake.
   "I saw a fox over there," he said. "As you know, foxes are wise. Let's go 
and hear what he thinks about it." A little later they asked the fox the same 
question and the fox replied as had been agreed.
   "A good deed is always rewarded with another good deed, but," he went on, 
"why ask me that question?"
   "Because this snake, that I helped to escape from his hole blocked by a 
boulder, wants to bite me," replied the peasant. The fox looked at the snake 
and said, "Hmm! I think a snake can manage to slither under a boulder."
   "But it was a big boulder," the snake protested, "and, it was blocking the 
entrance to my den."
   "I don't believe you!"
   "Oh, don't you? Well come and see then," said the snake, setting off for 
his den with the fox and the peasant. Pointing to the boulder, he said, "See? 
That boulder fell just there," and he pointed to the entrance.
   But the fox shook his head. "A big snake like you couldn't get into such a 
little hole," he said. Annoyed, the snake retorted,
   "Don't you think so?" and slid swiftly into the hole. Then the fox shouted,
   "Quick, peasant man! Shut him in!" and the peasant rolled the boulder back 
across the mouth of the den, imprisoning the snake (and I think he's in there 
yet!).
   "Ah, fox," said the peasant happily, "now that was a good deed! You got rid
of that wicked snake for me! Thanks a million!"
   "Oh, it was nothing," replied the fox, "but don't forget that piglet, the 
lamb and the goose you promised me."
   "No, I won't. Come to the farm this evening and you shall have them," said 
the man.
   That same evening, the fox went to the farm, but the peasant appeared with 
two snarling dogs and a gun, shouting, "Get out of here, you horrible beast, 
if you don't want to get into trouble!"
   The fox trotted away, sad and disappointed, muttering, "and they say I'm 
cunning! The cunning one is that peasant. Oh, well, that poor snake was 
probably right, good deeds are repaid with bad deeds," and off he went, his 
tail between his legs, into the wood.
                        PUSS IN BOOTS
   Once upon a time . . . a miller died leaving the mill to his eldest son, 
his donkey to his second son and . . . a cat to his youngest son.
   "Now that's some difference!" you might say; but there you are, that's how 
the miller was!
   The eldest son kept the mill, the second son took the donkey and set off in
search of his fortune . . . while the third sat down on a stone and sighed,
   "A cat! What am I going to do with that?" But the cat heard his words and 
said,
   "Don't worry, Master. What do you think? That I'm worth less than a 
half-ruined mill or a mangy donkey? Give me a cloak, a hat with a feather in 
it, a bag and a pair of boots, and you will see what I can do." The young man,
by no means surprised, for it was quite common for cats to talk in those days,
gave the cat what he asked for, and as he strode away, confident and cheerful.
the cat said. "Don't look so glum, Master. See you soon!"
   Swift of foot as he was, the cat caught a fat wild rabbit, popped it into 
his bag, knocked at the castle gate, went before the King and, removing his 
hat, with a sweeping bow, he said:
   "Sire, the famous Marquis of Carabas sends you this fine plump rabbit as a 
gift."
   "Oh," said the King, "thanks so much."
   "Till tomorrow," replied the cat as he went out. And the next day, back he 
came with some partridges tucked away in his bag. "Another gift from the brave
Marquis of Carabas," he announced. The Queen remarked,
   "This Marquis of Carabas is indeed a very courteous gentleman."
   In the days that followed, Puss in Boots regularly visited the castle, 
carrying rabbits, hares, partridges and skylarks, presenting them all to the 
King in the name of the Marquis of Carabas. Folk at the palace began to talk 
about this noble gentleman.
   "He must be a great hunter," someone remarked. "He must be very loyal to 
the King," said someone else. And yet another, "But who is he? I've never 
heard of him." At this someone who wanted to show people how much he knew, 
replied,
   "Oh, yes, I've heard his name before. In fact, I knew his father."
   The Queen was very interested in this generous man who sent these gifts. 
"Is your master young and handsome?" she asked the cat.
   "Oh yes. And very rich, too," answered Puss in Boots. "In fact, he would be
very honoured if you and the King called to see him in his castle." When the 
cat returned home and told his master that the King and Queen were going to 
visit him, he was horrified.
   "Whatever shall we do?" he cried. "As soon as they see me they will know 
how poor I am."
   "Leave everything to me," replied Puss in Boots. "I have a plan." For 
several days, the crafty cat kept on taking gifts to the King and Queen, and 
one day he discovered that they were taking the Princess on a carriage ride 
that very afternoon.
   The cat hurried home in great excitement. "Master, come along," he cried. 
"It is time to carry out my plan. You must go for a swim in the river."
   "But I can't swim," replied the young man.
   "That's all right," replied Puss in Boots. "Just trust me." So they went to
the river and when the King's carriage appeared the cat pushed his master into
the water.
   "Help!" cried the cat. "The Marquis of Carabas is drowning." The King heard
his cries and sent his escorts to the rescue. They arrived just in time to 
save the poor man, who really was drowning. The King, the Queen and the 
Princess fussed around and ordered new clothes to be brought for the Marquis 
of Carabas.
   "Wouldn't you like to marry such a handsome man?" the Queen asked her 
daughter.
   "Oh, yes," replied the Princess. However, the cat overheard one of the 
ministers remark that they must find out how rich he was.
   "He is very rich indeed," said Puss in Boots. "He owns the castle and all 
this land. Come and see for yourself. I will meet you at the castle." 
   And with these words, the cat rushed off in the direction of the castle, 
shouting at the peasants working in the fields, "If anyone asks you who your 
master is, answer: the Marquis of Carabas. Otherwise you will all be sorry." 
And so, when the King's carriage swept past, the peasants told the King that 
their master was the Marquis of Carabas.
   In the meantime, Puss in Boots had arrived at the castle, the home of a 
huge, cruel ogre. Before knocking at the gate, the cat said to himself, "I 
must be very careful, or I'll never get out of here alive." When the door 
opened, Puss in Boots removed his feather hat, exclaiming, "My Lord Ogre, my 
respects!"
   "What do you want, cat?" asked the ogre rudely.
   "Sire, I've heard you possess great powers. That, for instance, you can 
change into a lion or an elephant."
   "That's perfectly true," said the ogre, "and so what?"
   "Well," said the cat, "I was talking to certain friends of mine who said 
that you can't turn into a tiny little creature, like a mouse."
   "Oh, so that's what they say, is it?" exclaimed the ogre. The cat nodded,
   "Well, Sire, that's my opinion too, because folk that can do big things 
never can manage little ones."
   "Oh, yes? Well, just watch this!" retorted the ogre, turning into a mouse. 
In a flash, the cat leapt on the mouse and ate it whole. Then he dashed to the
castle gate, just in time, for the King's carriage was drawing up. With a bow,
Puss in Boots said,
   "Sire, welcome to the castle of the Marquis of Carabas!" The King and 
Queen, the Princess and the miller's son who, dressed in his princely clothes,
really did look like a marquis, got out of the carriage and the King spoke:
   "My dear Marquis, you're a fine, handsome, young man, you have a great deal
of land and a magnificent castle. Tell me, are you married?"
   "No," the young man answered, "but I would like to find a wife." He looked 
at the Princess as he spoke. She in turn smiled at him.
   To cut a long story short, the miller's son, now Marquis of Carabas, 
married the Princess and lived happily with her in the castle. And from time 
to time, the cat would wink and whisper, "You see, Master, I am worth a lot 
more than any mangy donkey or half-ruined mill, aren't I?"
              Interview with the RADAR Ranger
                     A work of fiction
                            by
                        D. Railleur
                      Not Copyrighted
Contents
Introduction
About the Author
Interview with the RADAR Ranger
Introduction
Mount Tamalpais in Marin, California, is the birthplace 
of mountain biking. From a few lone bikes in the late 
1970s, the numbers have grown astronomically in the 
1990s. In fact, the main users of the recreational lands on 
Mt. Tam today are mountain bikers. But the increase in 
bikers has brought with it some problems. This fictional 
work deals with one of those problems.
In 1988, the rangers on Mt. Tam began using RADAR 
guns to monitor the speed of cyclists on the dirt fire 
roads. Anyone caught going over the speed limit -- 15 
mph -- received a traffic ticket that the local municipal 
court upheld. The blanket fine for speeding was $200, 
regardless of race, sex, age, and so on.
Few cyclists were pleased with this outcome. Arguments 
were offered that educational programs on riding 
etiquette would be more "humane" and in spirit with the 
times, but the heavy fines remained. Out of the swirling 
debates, trail dust, and RADAR beams emerged this 
fictional account of the origins of  RADAR Rangers on 
Mt. Tamalpais.
About The Author
I met the author of "Interview with the RADAR Ranger" 
during a regular ride on the mountain. I was quite a 
distance from anywhere and was surprised when she 
came up on me. We rode along together for a short while 
talking mountain bikes, when she abruptly turned off the 
fire road we were on and headed up a steep, rocky single 
track. I watched her disappear quickly amid the oaks and 
bays (riding on single tracks is illegal on the mountain, 
and besides, it was too steep for me to follow). Since that 
first encounter, she crossed my path on the mountain 
several other times. She claimed her name was D. 
Railleur, but I couldn't find any such person in the local 
phone book. None of the other folks I occasionally ride 
with have ever seen her.
Anyway, I received a package in the mail in October 
1992. It contained the manuscript for this book. Included 
was a note from D. Railleur asking if I could typeset it 
and distribute it. She didn't care about copyright she said. 
I read the ms. and thought it was a classic (I think the 
book is a parody of Ann Rice's "Interview with the 
Vampire"). For the book's bio, D. Railleur gave me this 
bit of text: 
"D. Railleur is a 1968 graduate of Mercer County 
Community College in Trenton, New Jersey. She studied 
Communications and Political Science before joining the 
Highway Patrol in Crested Butte, Colorado. After leaving 
the patrol and moving to California in 1975, Ms. Railleur 
obtained a Ph.D. in Shamanism  from John F. Kennedy 
University in Orinda, California."
There it is -- I haven't seen D. Railleur since September, 
1992. I've tried to find her, but I don't think she'll be 
found until she wants to be found. In the meantime, enjoy 
her book.
Main Sections
Part One:  Highway 101
Part Two:  Sonoma Coast
Part Three:  The Mountain
Epilog
Part One: Highway 101
"Uh-huh..." said the RADAR Ranger, and he walked 
across the rough wood flooring toward the open door. For 
long moments he stood there, outlined in the dusky light 
filtering into Sky Oaks Ranger Station. The mountain 
biker looked around at the room, contrasting the smooth 
formica top of the service counter to the smudged surface 
of the oak work desk in the next room. On the wall, 
above a map of the watershed, hung a boar's head with 
long, yellow tusks pushing out from the lower jaw and 
snaking up and around either side of the hairy snout. The 
biker put his Snell/ANSI-approved helmet on the counter 
and waited.
"How much time do you have?" asked the RADAR 
Ranger, spinning around on the heel of his boot. His 
worn hat blocked the glare of the rippling sun behind and 
the cyclist could see his face clearly. "Time to hear the 
story of a life of RADAR?"
"If it's a good story. I've talked with lots of people on the 
mountain ... enough to confuse and mix-up the tales each 
has told me. I want to hear something that's unique, that 
sets itself apart from all the other stuff you hear up there. 
Sound fair to you, sir?"
"More than fair," the RADAR Ranger answered. "I can 
think of nothing better than to tell you of my life as a 
RADAR Ranger. I want to do it very much."
The cyclist's face tensed with the excitement he felt. 
"Fantastic. I'm really interested why you think you can 
use RADAR to ..."
"No," said the RADAR Ranger abruptly. "I'm not going 
to start there. A question can't set the tone for a life 
already lived. Are you willing to listen to the story I have 
to tell?"
"Yes," said the mountain biker. "Go on."
The RADAR Ranger eyed the cyclist with his back to the 
open door. The yellow sky orb had shifted and the front 
of the ranger was a shadow to the cyclist. The mountain 
biker started to say something to break the uneasiness he 
felt, but the words wouldn't come. He finally exhaled 
with relief as the RADAR Ranger broke his stillness and 
moved towards him under the overhead light, which 
erased the shadow that had covered his face.
The cyclist, staring up at the RADAR Ranger, could not 
help but gasp. The older man, quicker than the pedaler's 
eyes could follow, had loosened the top three buttons of 
his work shirt, bearing his chest. Ornately tattooed in 
sixteen shades of gray below his left breast was the image 
of the Model K-15, the official RADAR gun of the 
watershed. It was all there, in mesmerizing high-
resolution -- the precision lens antenna for beam control, 
aiming sights to follow the violator, double-walled 
antenna for rugged use, trigger switch to lock-in 
violations... The legendary gun that had put Km.P.H. 
Industries of Nosferatu, Kansas, on the map.
The RADAR Ranger grinned pensively, and the trigger 
of the flesh-covered gun silently slid down 1/4-inch, 
accurately guided by the quiver of twitching muscle that 
moved out from his nipple. "Do you see?" he asked 
gently.
A rush of apprehension moved through the mountain 
biker's body, his shoulders tight against his neck to 
protect him against an arctic blast of cold that shouldn't 
have been part of this balmy, late September afternoon. 
He instinctively raised his hand to break the vector of the 
invisible beam, seeing all too clearly the LEDs of the 
target monitor continuously display a speed beyond his 
own abilities, hearing the amplified Doppler audio signal 
increase its frequency, watching the switch move into 
place that hid the gun's force from detectors. All these 
sights and sounds in his mind had been designed to meet 
and exceed federal and state specifications.
"Do you still want to hear my story?" asked the RADAR 
Ranger.
The word formed slowly in his mouth, but only the 
movement of his head told the ranger to begin.
"Try to contain your fear .... just listen to what I have to 
say," the RADAR Ranger offered, as if to comfort him, 
then sat in the curved-back chair opposite the cyclist.
"You've always been a RADAR Ranger, haven't you?" 
stammered the cyclist.
"No," reflected the ranger, "I was a man, about your age, 
before I became a RADAR Ranger."
"How-w-w did it happen?" stuttered the cyclist, "I mean, 
why did it happen to you?"  He wiped the back of his 
hand across his moist forehead and waited nervously for 
the RADAR Ranger to speak.
"It's really quite simple, but I don't want to give you a 
simple answer. I'm going to make it more difficult than it 
has to be. I want you to hear the whole story."
"SureOkay," the cyclist said quickly, blending the two 
words into one, and wiped the perspiration from his lips 
with the cotton bandanna he'd yanked off his matted hair. 
"I want to hear the long story -- I want to hear it all."
Terra Linda
"It was tragic," the RADAR Ranger began. "It was my 
younger sister, Jackie ... she brought a new car home. Not 
just any car. A mariner blue Miata. Five-speed manual 
with overdrive, inline 4-cylinder, DOHC 16-valve, 116 
horsepower at 6500 rpm, multi-port electronic fuel 
injection, unit body frame, fully independent, double-
wishbone suspension with coil springs, gas-filled shock 
absorbers, front and rear stabilizer bars, rack-and-pinion 
steering, power-assisted 4-wheel disc brakes, highback 
reclining bucket seats, compact disc player, 8000-rpm 
tachometer with 7000-rpm redline, 140-mph 
speedometer, 25 city, 30 highway, 2216 pounds curb 
weight (without Jackie). A ragtop. 
The RADAR Ranger stopped and the cyclist coughed 
uneasily, wiping his face again before stuffing the 
bandanna into the open pocket stitched to the back of his 
riding jersey.
"It's painful, isn't it?" the cyclist said.
"It's painful, isn't it?" repeated the RADAR Ranger as if 
the cyclist hadn't asked the question first. Then, slowly 
drawing his glazed eyes up from his entangled hands on 
the table top to those of the mountain biker, he continued. 
"No, it's not painful. It's just that I've only related this 
story to one other person and that was a long time ago. 
The telling isn't painful.
"We were living in Terra Linda at the time. My dad 
worked for AutoBund and my mom was a stay-at-home 
mother and housewife. It drove her nuts, but that's the 
way my dad wanted it. 'It's the way a manager in an up-
and-coming international software firm should act,' he 
would say apologetically."
"I thought so," interrupted the cyclist. "You are a Terra 
Lindian. You have that broad forehead, sir."
The RADAR Ranger looked at him blankly for a moment 
or two. "I have a Terra Linda forehead?" he mused. Then 
he laughed out loud. "What does that non sequitor have 
to do with what I'm telling you?"
Flustered, the cyclist groped for an explanation. "Nothing 
really, but it helps put things in perspective for me. I first 
noticed it right after you opened your truck door the other 
side of that blind corner on Rocky Ridge and forced me 
to slide to the edge of the drop off. Then when you pulled 
the brim of your hat back before reaching for your 
citation book, I got a real good glimpse of it. I think the 
sun was just right. 'That forehead,' I thought. 'Something 
really familiar about it.' Now that you've just mentioned 
'Terra Linda' it's all came together. You were born in 
Kaiser, right? 'Good people, good medicine, good luck.'
The RADAR Ranger eyed the cyclist suspiciously, a 
murmur of disquiet sounding across his brow. The 
mountain biker sank further back into his hard chair, 
regretting his remarks.
"It's okay," assured the RADAR Ranger. "I'm not as 
angry I look. Trust me."
The cyclist sat quietly, his eyes focused on a loosened 
knot in the plank floor next to his left Durango (TM) 
SPD Compatible MTB shoe. He sat there, gazing at the 
floor, transfixed, while the images from the world outside 
were slowly replaced in the window by the dimly lit 
reflection of the small office's interior. Only when he 
lifted his eyes in the darkened space did the RADAR 
Ranger continue.
"My sister had graduated from Branson the year before 
and was studying premed at UC Berkeley. Jackie had 
always been at the top of everything she did. Everyone 
was enamored by her and said 
she'd be the best in whatever she chose. Mom and dad 
believed it, too, and sent her to all the best schools. A lot 
of camping trips and new stereo systems went into her 
education. But it was okay, it was right.
"Two years before, I had graduated from the Academy 
and was patrolling Highway 101 south from Santa Rosa 
to Mill Valley. Beginning pay wasn't great and I had 
taken an apartment by Northgate shopping center, not far 
my parents' house. Jackie was living at home and 
commuting across the Bay to school. Public 
transportation was lacking and my dad, always looking to 
please Jackie, bought her the Miata. I knew it was going 
to be trouble.
"I was there the day she drove it down our street the first 
time. Mom and dad arrived home from the dealership just 
ahead of her. We were all standing side-by-side at the 
end of the driveway when she rounded the corner in that 
shiny, new, blue car. 
The top was down and I could see Jackie's curly, blond 
hair stretching out behind her, holding on to her scalp for 
dear life. She looked absolutely gorgeous. Her skin 
flushed excitement and her eyes sparkled uncontainable 
joy, the kind of look you could only hope to find in a 
Gothic tale.
"She pulled up in front of us at the end of the asphalt 
driveway and jumped out of the car. 'Oh, dad, mom!' she 
squealed, hugging them both with her excitement. 'It's 
incredible, unbelievable.' She paused a moment, then 
'Thanks, so much.' Then she turned to me and gave me a 
hug, too, even though she knew I had nothing to do with 
the joy that filled her that morning. 'This is so exciting,' 
she said to me and I could only nod agreement.
"You don't sound as though you shared your sister's 
excitement," the cyclist couldn't hold back.
"Let me tell my story," the RADAR Ranger cut him 
short. When the ensuing silence had seeped into every 
crevice of the room, the ranger continued. "Jackie drove 
that car everywhere, not just across the bridge to school 
and back." His eyes dilating on some distant thought, the 
ranger hesitated, then added, "The bridge wasn't in my 
territory. I suppose if she had just driven to and from 
school, it would've been okay. But she didn't. She was so 
proud of that car. She drove it everywhere.
"She was on her way to CostCo up at the Rowland Plaza 
in Novato when it happened. About two miles south of 
the shopping center's exit, where I was on duty, hiding in 
the roadside shrubbery, my gun began beeping and 
flashing the warning signal of a speeder not more than 
1/4-mile distant. I tried to pick out the offender from 
among all the cars, pickups, and big rigs in the five 
northbound lanes, but couldn't make the ID. 'No 
problem,' I thought. 'I'll spot 'em when they pass by.' 
That's when I saw the blue glint into my side view mirror 
and, even though the vehicle was too far back to make a 
positive identification, my heart started racing and 
bounding in my chest. I didn't have to see clearly to know 
who was behind the wheel.
"Moments later the blue Miata raced by my hiding place, 
breaking the posted speed limit by twenty miles per hour 
or more, blond hair streaming out behind the driver. I 
gave chase ... it was my job ... it was part of the oath I 
had sworn: 'All speeders break the law with no 
exceptions.' I was terrified, my stomach was churning 
acid up past my aching heart into my dry mouth. God! 
The anguish that shook my body! I'm not sure how I 
managed to stay in control of my cruiser and pull my 
sister over to the side of the road without killing us both.
"The rest is a blur in my mind, the kinds of things that 
flash through your head just before losing consciousness 
after falling off a horse, when all the air in your lungs is 
forced out with a sudden whooosh. I see vague images of 
my sister, down-turned head, never looking up to 
confront me, of her finely blue-veined, trembling hands 
letting her driver's license and Miata registration tumble 
into my CHP-issue, black leather gloves. Of tears falling 
onto the seat belt that crossed her lap. Of myself unable 
to hear a word I said, mechanically following the book as 
I recorded all the data and issued the citation. Of 
climbing back into my cruiser, driving past the stilled, 
little, blue Miata, crossing over the highway on one 
overpass, and then again over another to return to my 
hiding place among the bushes where I sat throughout the 
remainder of the day and the evening before returning to 
the station."
His jaws tense with the effort of speaking painful 
memories, the RADAR Ranger slammed both fists onto 
the cold table top, surprising the cyclist into clutching 
hold of the table's nicked edge to prevent himself from 
falling over backwards. "She hasn't spoken to anyone 
since. Not a word, not a coherent sound."
Ross
"The medical people at Kaiser couldn't explain Jackie's 
silence, except to speculate that the shock of a speeding 
ticket from her own brother caused her to go into 
catatonic shock. My parents were heart-broken. After 
Kaiser's big guns failed to come up with a cure, my dad 
and mom hired one specialist after another from the 
AMA's preferred list, but absolutely no one was able to 
bring Jackie around. The medical costs broke my parents 
... defeated, they eventually sold what little they had left 
and moved to a small retirement community on the 
Oregon coast. I talk with them from time to time still; 
dad's never recovered from the tragedy and has been in 
poor health for years. The only thing that's keeping mom 
alive is caring for dad."
"Jackie, what about Jackie?" whispered the mountain 
biker.
"Jackie, of course Jackie. Everyone's concerned about 
Jackie. It's only right that they should be," replied the 
RADAR Ranger after a time. "But you can imagine the 
impact this had on me. My sister locked into a dark, 
silent world she couldn't share with anyone. My parents 
torn apart by the loss of their beloved daughter. And just 
because I did what was right. It was right ... none of my 
superiors ever questioned my actions. I was following 
rules that were designed by the best lawmakers and 
approved by the highest courts. None of this should have 
happened!
"Mom and dad wanted to take her to Oregon with them, 
but I feared Jackie wouldn't get proper medical care if she 
went. So I arranged for her to stay in a private treatment 
center in a residential part of Ross. I paid for everything 
from my meager savings. I saw that she got the best care 
possible.
"Sometimes after work I'd go visit her at the center. Often 
she'd just be sitting on a carved stone bench off to one 
side of the facility's rose garden. Just sitting with her eyes 
turned in the direction of the roses, watching the petals 
drop. I'd sit next to her and tell her my troubles, the 
difficulties I had with belligerent speeders, how I'd had to 
work around the silly policies of newer and younger 
commanders ... all the problems that made up the whole 
of my existence. Sometimes we'd walk along the 
shoulders of Ross' tree-lined roads, me chattering 
nervously from 'No Parking' sign to 'No Parking' sign, 
two sets of feet weaving their patterns through the low 
hills of eastern Marin. And I would pretend that Jackie 
was listening to my words, and, even though she never 
commented, was always sympathetic, so that when I left 
her, I had the vivid impression that she had solved all my 
worldly problems. I didn't think I could ever, or would 
ever, want to free myself from Jackie in those days. Of 
course, I was wrong." The RADAR Ranger stopped his 
monologue.
For a time the mountain biker only looked unblinking at 
the RADAR Ranger, then sat upright in his chair as if 
startled awake by a peal of distant thunder that had snuck 
up on him in the darkness. He grasped at words, but none 
fit the patterns forming in his head. "Uh ... you finally got 
tired of her ... uh ... inability to talk, sir?" he floundered. 
The RADAR Ranger eyed him as if trying to fathom the 
meaning of his confusion. Then he replied:
"I mean that I was wrong about myself ... about what I 
thought I had caused. I learned that my guilt and shame 
for what I thought to be the consequences of my 
actions -- my sister's silence and my parent's despair --
were wrong." The ranger's gaze shifted slowly over the 
ancient wainscoting on the distant wall and settled on a 
reflecting pane of glass in the window above. 
"How?" asked the cyclist.
"I'm going to tell you everything," but the ranger's eyes 
scanned slowly away from the cyclist, returning to the 
singular pane of reflecting glass on the far wall. He 
appeared to have only the faintest of interests in the 
cyclist, who himself seemed to be engaged in some inner 
struggle.
"But you're upbringing in Terra Linda ... how could you 
have ever justified what happened when you think about 
the love you had for your family? Your mother and father 
... your sister?"
"I want to tell my story in the proper order," answered the 
RADAR Ranger. "I have to tell it as it happened. "I don't 
know about love and that doesn't matter, anyway. What 
matters is ..."
"Yes?" coaxed the cyclist.
"What matters is what is right," finished the RADAR 
Ranger. "What was right then? I didn't know. My head 
was clouded with confusion. I eventually took up drink 
and avoided visiting my sister. Of course, I couldn't 
escape her for a moment. I kept going back to that far 
away day when I had pulled her blue Miata over and 
cited her for speeding. I could think of nothing else but 
her dimmed eyes staring blankly at the fallen rose pedals 
in Ross. Over and over I dreamed of talking to her, of 
telling her how sorry I was, but never hearing her answer 
back. Drunk or sober, these images filled my head and I 
couldn't stand it. Meanwhile, the officers I worked with 
noticed a change in my behavior. I wasn't sure of myself, 
often talking back and leaving myself open to verbal 
attack from speeders who challenged my speed 
measuring methods. I drank more and more and often 
came to work with my head buzzing from late night 
binges. On more than one occasion, I picked fights with 
fellow officers in the locker room over the pettiest of 
issues. I lived like a man who wanted to die but lacked 
the courage to do it. And then late one night I picked a 
fight in a bar that could have been the end of me. One 
that nearly left me dead. I ..."
"You mean you fought a vampire and he sucked your 
blood?" the cyclist blurted out.
