                     THIS IS A SHAREWARE TRIAL PROJECT
                                 
         IT IS NOT "FREEWARE" WE NEED YOUR SUPPORT TO CONTINUE
                              100 WEST BY 53 NORTH
                                    by
                               Jim Prentice
          Copyright 1990, Jim Prentice, Brandon, Manitoba, CANADA
          North of 53. A magic phrase. Spoken, mumbled or thought
     inwardly by thousands of souls venturing northward. An
     imaginary line, shown only on maps and labelled 53 degrees.
     It's presence indicated to highway travellers by road side
     signs.
          A division of territory as distinct in the mind as any
     international border.
          If you have not been "North of 53", you have not been
     north!
          Travellers and writers, poets and pilots, have
     contributed to the lore of the north. The rigors of life in
     the bush are told in tales of man eating mosquitoes, of
     murderous hordes of black flies, of the lumps of flesh
     carried away by the giant bull dog flies.
          The stories of record breaking trout, walleye, and pike
     are legion. There are tales of sights and sounds heard deep
     in the spruce forests:
          The crashing of moose, tearing through brush and
     breaking down trees. The drumming of grouse. The incessant
     hum of insects. The cackling quackery of ducks feeding on
     quiet ponds and placid bays.
          Once heard, the intermittent song of the loon is never
     forgotten. It's voice the signature of authenticity of a
     northern scene.
          If the wildlife in the northern bush land seems
     different than found elsewhere, so is the life of man. It
     takes a special breed of person to live in the north. The
     farther one travels, the more this becomes apparent. The
     Southerner, whether on his first or fiftieth trip north of
     53, never really becomes aware of the implications of
     northern living.
          Generally, the owners of "cottages" on southern lakes
     have more amenities at hand for a weekend of "roughing it"
     than most northern dwellers have on a year round basis.
          The modern cabin on a lake shore near a large
     metropolitan center is equipped with electric service, a
     telephone, paved roads, natural gas pipelines, and cable
     television.
          Nearby are services that provide food, fuel, repairs,
     and entertainment. Drivein theaters and fast food chains
     abound. Waterfront businesses have docks built for those
     arriving by boat to do their shopping, laundry, or to
     transfer suitcases from the family car. The local merchants
     deliver goods to the cabin by road or by water.
     Entrepreneurs make a businesss of servicing and maintaining
     cabins during the owners absence in the off seasons.
          Most of these "cottages", whether on the lake shore, or
     located five well paved streets from the water, rival the
     homes of many city dwellers. These lake side communities,
     although seasonal, differ little from the urban living from
     which they offer escape.
          Look at an average northern community. Study and
     compare the standards with those of urban areas and their
     nearby lake side retreats.
          There are no local bus services. If the car doesn't
     start you either walk, or call a taxi. Yes, most areas do
     have a taxi service of one kind or another. Even if it's a
     ride in the back of some one's pick up truck.
          Mail delivery is unknown. A pleasant stroll in
     midsummer is contrasted by an ordeal in life threatening
     conditions during winter.
          House to house delivery of milk and bread is
     nonexistent. Perhaps newspapers are delivered, but it
     requires a family effort, especially in winter.
          Bus, rail and scheduled air services to nearby
     settlements is severely restricted, if available at all.
     Many small taxi companies exist because of the large fares
     collected in the transport of natives to and from the
     reserves.
          Although diminishing in recent years, the bushpilot and
     charter aircraft still play a large role in northern
     transportation.
          The pilots of these small aircraft learn to live with
     conditions that would keep their southern colleagues on the
     ground.
          In summer they fly float equipped aircraft. They are
     busy hauling trappers, fishermen, freight, fish, furs, and
     supplies to and from the reserves, fish camps, traplines,
     logging areas, and small settlements.
          In the fall, when the ice is too thin for skis, yet too
     thick for floats, they change the aircraft to wheel
     equipment. Changing to skis when ice conditions permit.
          Winter flying presents problems that most pilots never
     hear of. Temperatures exceeding 40 below zero, blowing snow,
     ice crystals, and whiteouts. All these challenge the pilot
     in their daily work. The preheating of engines to coax them
     to life. The problem of congealed oil in propeller pitch
     mechanisms, and fueling with super cooled gasoline are
     regular chores.
          The ski-equipped aircraft must be tied down with ropes
     that are frozen into holes in the four foot ice. The skis
     must be lifted or run onto boards or poles to prevent them
     freezing into the ice.
          Pilots and passengers must wear heavy arctic clothing
     as few aircraft have cabin heat systems capable of coping
     with the cold. Aircraft batteries are removed at the end of
     each day of flying to ensure maximum efficiency the next
     day. Wings and engines are covered to stop the ingress of
     snow and the build up of frost on the flight surfaces.
     Gasoline fueled blow-pots are often carried to provide
     engine preheat to ensure starting. The oil in these engines
     gets so thick at minus 40 to 50 degrees that the engine
     cannot be turned. This writer has done chin-ups on the
     propeller of a coldsoaked Cessna which flew the next day
     after preheating.
          The northern airports lack any degree of services in
     comparison to those farther south. Fuel is usually available
     if you can locate the operator. Some of the larger
     communities may have a pay telephone at the airstrip, but
     the normal procedure is to buzz the town on arrival. This
     lets the people know you are landing and usually someone
     will head out to the strip to meet you.
          Unless you are a regular customer, all transactions for
     fuel and oil are on a cash basis. Cheques are nearly useless
     in a village without a bank. Credit to a stranger is
     foolhardy.
          During the grip of winter, the snowmobile is the major
     mode of transport in all but the largest of settlements. In
     many places that do have roads in winter, vehicles are left
     running 24 hours a day. If allowed to get cold, it may take
     many hours of effort to restart balky engines.
          Most northern residents enjoy the winter months. The
     change  in seasons brings on a change in activities. The
     boats and motors are stored away with the lawnmowers and
     garden chairs. The snowmobiles are tuned up, ice-fishing
     shacks are towed onto lakes and rivers. The blades of gas-
     powered ice augers are sharpened. The fishermen flock to
     their favorite spots and drill holes through ice up to four
     feet thick.
          Whether in the comfort of a shack with a woodburning
     stove glowing in the center, or huddled on the ice in the
     lee of a snowmobile, they normally take a good catch.
     Walleye, trout, pike, tullibee and whitefish as well as
     perch, burbot, catfish and bass are plentiful. The most
     popular bait is minnows, some use sucker-belly, or net bags
     of trout eggs. Others use metal spoons or large bucktail
     flies, lead-headed jigging lures, or just snelled hooks. As
     in summer, the best bait is whatever the fish are taking at
     the time.
          Moose hunting is another favorite sport, especially in
     the colder weather when the moose are on the move for food
     and warmth. The hunter faces problems similar to the pilot
     with his equipment. The extreme temperatures require that
     his snowmachine be kept in top condition if it is to start
     after a day of hunting. Once started it must be dependable.
     A life and death situation could develop if the machine
     breaks down while 40 or 50 miles from home.
          Even his rifle requires special care. A bolt covered
     with heavy grease will freeze solid in the cold. The firing
     pin may not move when struck by the hammer. Many a moose and
     bear lived to face another day because a hunter's weapon
     failed to operate.
          Other outdoor activities include cross country skiing,
     snowmobiling, and racing dog teams. These sports are
     included in the many winter festivals held each year.
          As spring arrives, the winter equipment is stored away
     and once again the boats and motors are brought out. Wagers
     are made on the time and date of the break up of river ice.
     The snow blowers, shovels, and skidoo suits are replaced
     with lawn mowers, rakes, and bathing suits.
          The pussy willows blossom. The ducks and geese return
     from their winter feeding grounds in the southern U.S.A..
     The frogs begin to croak and the first battalions of
     mosquitoes are hatched.
          From the winter lows of 40 below zero, the mercury
     climbs upward. The summer highs reach the 90's, sometimes
     100 degrees. A fantastic differential of 140 degrees between
     seasons.
          Through the seasons, day to day life continues. The
     sport and commercial fishing, the trapping and hunting. The
     road building, home construction, and landscaping. The
     pilots fly passengers and freight. They fly patrols on
     hundreds of miles of hydro-electric transmission lines and
     forest fire patrols. At regular intervals they carry
     conservationists doing animal census. They transport tanks
     of baby fish to restock the lakes. The seriously ill or
     injured are taken to medical centers by MEDEVAC flights.
          Other flights carry fishermen, and tourists.
     Prospectors vie with geologists, botanists, biologists,
     entomologists, and surveyors. All use the aircraft to see,
     touch, smell, measure and record the wonders of the north.
          The opening day of each hunting or fishing season is
     heralded by the arrival of recreational vehicles of all
     types. Trailers and vans, motorhomes and 4X4's arrive daily.
     They carry or tow boats and motors, bicycles, motorcycles,
     and ATVs. The "first-timers" fill the private and provincial
     government campgrounds. The more experienced and
     adventuresome travel logging roads and bush trails to
             favorite lakes, rivers, and streams.
          In town, the streets and parking lots are crammed with
     vehicles and equipment.
          Gasoline, food, booze, and fishing equipment are sold
     in great quantities.
          The hotels are full. Reservations were made months in
     advance, some were made prior to leaving the year before.
          For a few short weeks, during the prime spring fishing
     period, every available camping spot is occupied.
          As the summer wears on, the sportsmen recede and
     tourists take their place. The cycle repeats annually.
          Each year a number of travellers arrive in privately
     owned aircraft. Piper Cub to Beechcraft. Taildragger to
     bizjet. Most have been here before, to some it is a new
     experience.
          To a southern pilot, a trip north can be unnerving.
     Accustomed to flying over a network of roads and railroad
     tracks, always in contact with an airport or navigation aid,
     they are seldom prepared for the realities of northern
     flight.
          Airports are hundreds of miles apart. In most cases
     there are no roads or railways for navigation. At lower
     altitudes, voice contact with an airport is an exception
     rather than the rule.
          Flight plans of course are mandatory. Map reading is
     difficult. There are so many lakes, many of them the same
     basic shape that a sharp eye must be kept on the map.
          For seaplanes, the ever present danger of logs, rocks,
     and reefs is amplified by the distance from civilization.
     Flights must be carefully planned around suitable refueling
     facilities.
          The pilot of a private seaplane is in his own element
     here. The pleasure of landing on a remote lake, its quiet
     green waters undisturbed by others, is indescribable.
              After securing the aircraft and setting up camp, the
     true beauty of the north can be enjoyed.
          Waters teeming with fish, are surrounded by wildlife of
     all types. The smells of wood smoke and coffee mingling with
     the sound of fresh fish sizzling in the frypan.
           The songs of bird life. The cry of the loon. The
     evening wail of coyotes and wolves. The whistle of wings as
     ducks, geese, ravens, hawks, and eagles travel down the
     shoreline. On the lakes are the wakes of passing beaver and
     muskrat. The occasional warning smack of a beaver's tail on
     the water as he senses danger.
          The varied hues of trees, evergreen and deciduous. The
     colors of windflowers. The taste of fresh wild strawberries,
     raspberries, and blueberries.
          The excitement of an evening sky dancing with a
     dazzling display as the Aurora Borealis appears. The
     "Northern Lights" are surrounded by stars, incredibly
     brilliant against the black, smog free heavens.
          Thoughts in the night.... Lying in your tent you hear
     rustling noises. A twig snaps. Mouse or rabbit? Moose or
     bear? Is the food secure? You visualize the food bundle,
     securely tied to a tree branch, high above the ground.
          The wind is rising, you can hear small waves breaking
     on the shore. Is the airplane alright? Should you go and
     check it?
          What will the fishing be like in the morning? Will you
     get another chance to land the big Walleye that you lost to
     day. Or a bigger one?
          A lone mosquito buzzes your ear. Somehow he has
     penetrated the netting of your tent.
          The cry of a loon is the last thing you hear. You sleep
     peacefully until the songs of early morning bird life
     announce the start of a new day.
          But for the constant buzz-sting-slap of insect warfare,
     you might be in heaven.
          Far to the south, your friends and neighbors are also
     facing a new day.
          Howling dogs. Screaming kids. Squealing tires. The wail
     of police and fire sirens. The reek of diesel fumes from
     passing trucks and busses. Telephones jangle and typewriters
     clatter. The work piles up.
           Dissatisfied customers grumble. The boss looms
     threateningly.
          They jostle in line for a bus, then for coffee, then
     for lunch. They fight traffic to get home.
          The neighbor's dog has left a deposit on the lawn. The
     children's toys are cluttering the driveway.
          They sit down to a TV dinner and discuss your crazy
     fishing trip.
          The day to day life in the north does have it's
     problems; if you happen to own a car for which there is no
     local dealer, you may have to order parts from hundreds of
     miles away and have them shipped in by bus or plane.
     Meanwhile the car sits. The same applies to appliances,
     tools, and so on.
          There may not be a TV repairman in town. You must send
     the set out for repairs, or, buy a new one. By mail order of
     course. Providing your community has a TV station to begin
     with.
          Most northern communities have only one radio station.
     The CBC. Some are augmented by local programming.
          Other services may be difficult to obtain. For example,
     a veterinarian may visit weekly, or monthly, or not at all.
     Medical facilities are usually present to some extent, but
     any serious illness or injury may require a MEDEVAC flight
     to a distant city.
          Fresh meat and produce become more of a problem in the
     more remote areas. If road or rail service exists the
     problem is not too acute. However, in many communities, the
     only access is by air. In this event the shipment of
     perishable commodities is dependant on space available on
     the aircraft. The subsequent prices reflect the added cost
     of the product.
          On the subject of costs, heating a home with propane
     may be five to seven times the cost of natural gas as in
     southern homes. Food, gasoline, clothing, and appliances,
     are considerably more expensive in the north. Of course the
     more remote the location the higher the price.
          On a trip into the high arctic a few years ago the
     prices ran like this:
          Hotel bed $100.00 per night,  per man
          Breakfast (2 eggs, 2 toast,
            2 bacon, and 2 coffee)
            $12.00
          Avgas $7.00 per gallon
          But then, when you are 250 miles north of the arctic
     circle, you expect to pay higher prices.
          Why then, do people live in the north?
          For the natives it is a matter of ancestry. For many
     whites it is also ancestry. To some, they were born there.
     Their parents having moved north for employment reasons.
          Some are transients, following construction jobs and
     other seasonal employment. Others, working for large
     corporations or government, are transferred north as a job
     requirement.
          Life in the north is definitely different. A person
     accustomed to life in a large city may  not endure the
     rigors involved. They give it up and move south.
          Many people, such as myself, move north for an extended
     period. In our case it was 10 years. We adapted to the way
     of life. We enjoyed the hunting and fishing.
          Owning our own aircraft, we were able to travel more
     independently than our neighbors. We enjoyed all the great
     outdoors had to offer. We learned to adjust to the lack of
     night life, and other amenities.
          When 10 years had passed, and our children were adults,
     we took stock of our situation.
          We were stuck in a rut. The same rut that most of the
     townspeople were in. Our lives centered around hunting,
     fishing, the Post Office, and the TV set.
          We decided it was a case of moving now, or possibly
     remaining in the north for the rest of our lives.
          We left in February of 1984!
          We miss the delicious fresh fish from cold clear lakes.
     We miss the taste of thick moose steaks, moosemeat sausages,
     fresh smoked lake trout, and pancakes with fresh, wild
     blueberries. We miss the freedom afforded by a short flight
     to a secluded lake shore.
          The fishing and hunting within 10 miles of our northern
     home was superb. The friendship and camaraderie of our
     neighbors was great.
          We are happy to have had the opportunity to experience
     northern life. But, as we approached the midpoint of our
     lives, we wanted to return to civilization. To pick up where
     we had left off. To enjoy the supermarkets, and shopping
     malls, the fancy restaurants, and gourmet foods. We wanted
     to be closer to the center of things, a few hours drive from
     a major city rather than an all day trip.
          We returned to old friends, and new neighbors. New
     stores, and home mail delivery. Lower prices. Broader
     choices. More to do and see. More TV channels. Several radio
     stations, and newspapers.
          We can drive east or west besides north and south. We
     can dance to live music and eat in restaurants of many
     nationalities.
          In short, we are back to civilization
                              THE END
                                    214
                                FOR CHILDREN:
                                   Sly Fox
    Mr. Rabbit sat on his front porch rocking, eating a great big carrot, 
and looking.
    "Looks like Sly Fox coming down the road," he said to himself, walking 
to the end of the porch. Shading his eyes with his paws, he exclaimed, "It 
is Sly Fox." 
    "Good morning Mr. Rabbit," cried Sly Fox, as he walked across the yard. 
"Good morning," replied Mr. Rabbit, a slight frown on his face. 
    "Well," said Sly Fox, "as I haven't seen you in so long a time, thought 
I would stop and chat a while." 
    Mr. Rabbit could not be rude in his own home, even to an enemy, so he 
offered Sly Fox a seat on the porch. 
    "Take a chair," he said politely. 	But Sly Fox did not stay long, and as 
he was leaving, he asked: "Mr. Rabbit, my mother is having a good dinner 
tonight. Won't you, Mrs. Rabbit, and your three little rabs come to dinner 
with me?" 
    Oh, thought Mr. Rabbit, he knows about my little rabs and wants to take 
us off to eat us. He pretended to be disappointed as he replied: "Sorry, Sly 
Fox, we have an engagement for today, but if you want us we can come 
tomorrow." 
    At this Sly Fox chuckled inwardly, and readily agreed to come for them 
the next day. Wishing Mr. Rabbit "Good day", he trotted on down the road 
toward his home. 
    As soon as he was out of sight, Mr. Rabbit ran into his house and called 
Mrs. Rabbit. "Get all our things together," he said, "and put rubber boots 
on our little rabs. We have to move quickly to the Piney Woods across the 
brook. Old Sly Fox has found our home and will destroy us." 
    In no time at all the Rabbit family had moved, and the little rabs were 
delighted with their new home. A woodland of towering pines it was, the 
ground covered with pine needles which made a soft carpeting. The wind made 
music in the pine trees, birds sang, and the fragrance of flowers filled the 
air. They found a huge hollow tree where Mr. Rabbit burrowed deep and made 
them a cozy home. Squirrels had left nuts hidden around in the old tree. 
Owls hooted throughout the night, crickets chirped merrily. 
    Next morning old Sly Fox knocked on the door where he had left Mr. 
Rabbit. Mrs. Hedgehog answered the door. "Good morning, Mrs. Hedgehog. Is 
Mr. Rabbit in?" inquired Sly Fox with a wicked grin and a cunning look in 
his eyes. 
    "No," replied Mrs. Eedgehog, none too cordially. "The Rabbit family 
moved to parts unknown right after you left yesterday." 
    "Ah," exclaimed old Sly Fox, "Mr. Rabbit and family were going to have 
dinner with me. My mother has planned a real feast. Why don't you come and 
enjoy it with us?" 
    "Oh," replied Mrs. Hedgehog, smacking her lips and thinking of all the 
goodies, "I have just moved in and there is so much to do! Why not let it go 
until tomorrow?" 
    "Do you like nice young grasshoppers?" asked Sly Fox softly. 
    "Do I? Nothing so good as tender young grasshoppers," answered Mrs. 
Hedgehog, fairly dribbling at the mouth at the thought of such a dainty. 
    "Well," said Sly Fox, "we pass a field where there are any number of 
them. Come get in this sack, and when I stop in the field we will open the 
sack and rake in all of them we want. Mother will bake them with apples and 
they will be deilicious!" This was too much for greedy Mrs. Hedgehog to 
resist, so in the sack she went. Sly Fox with a grin grabbed the sack, threw 
it over his shoulder and trotted toward home. 	After going a long way, Mrs. 
Hedgehog became suspicious and cried, "How long before we reach that field 
of grasshoppers?" 
    "Why, you silly, greedy hedgehog, there is no field of grasshoppers for 
you. I am going to eat you for my dinner. It's you with apple dumplings that 
my mother will bake." 
    Every hair on Mrs. Hedgehog's head stood on end with fright. Oh, how 
foolish she had been! Her greed had trapped her. If only she had stayed home 
and straightened her house and cooked her own dinner, she would not have 
been in this sack to be eaten by Sly Fox. Greediness never pays, she thought 
to herself. 
    Sly Fox became tired, and as a slight rain had begun to fall, he looked 
for a dry place to sit down. Throwing the sack to the ground and chuckling 
at the thought of sitting on Mrs. Hedgehog, he dropped heavily upon the 
sack. 
    "Wow, Wow!" he cried, jumping quickly up, for Mrs. Hedgehog shot her 
sharp quills into him with all her might. 
    Sly Fox ran to and fro trying to pull out the quills, but they had gone 
too deep. Home he ran, screaming to his mother. Old Mother Fox threw him 
over a log and began pulling out the quills, at the same time calling to a 
neighbor fox to bring some honey to put on the places where the quills had 
been. 
    Mrs. Hedgehog crawled out of the bag and began walking slowly toward 
home. She thought to herself that never again would she be so greedy and 
allow herself to be fooled by Sly Fox or any one else. 
    Meanwhile, Mr. Rabbit and family were living happily in Piney Woods. The 
little rabs played on the crystal clear brook that ran through the woods, 
wading, sailing little leaf boats, and trying to catch the silvery minnows 
darting here and there. 
    Late one evening Papa and Mama Rabbit were sitting before the cozy fire 
talking. Papa Rabbit had on his house robe and bedroom slippers, reading the 
newspaper. Every now and then he looked over his spectacles lovingly at 
dainty little Mama Rabbit, dressed in a flowered housecoat and red slippers 
and knitting little socks for the little rabs. 
    "Sniff! Sniff! Sniff!" came suddenly to their ears. 
    "Sly Fox!" whispered Papa Rabbit, his face now full of concern and 
alarm. 
    "Yes," agreed Mama Rabbit, her voice trembling with fright. 
    "Go cover the little rabs with straw and tell them to be very, very 
quiet," instructed Papa Rabbit. 
    Mrs. Rabbit quickly covered the little rabs and cautioned them to be as 
quiet as mice. Since they were well behaved and obedient little rabs, they 
did just as their mother told them. 
    "I left my big stick beside the old oak tree," cried Papa Rabbit under 
his breath. "What shall we do?" 
    "Sniff! Sniff! Sniff!" went Sly Fox again, scratching up the earth by 
the old hollow tree as he began to dig furiously. The poor little Rabbit 
family sat still and frightened, their hearts thumping, their paws shaking, 
and their eyes bulging with panic. Suddenly in the distance they heard the 
"Toot! Toot!Toot!" of horns, and the "Woof! Woof! Woof!" of barking dogs. 
    Papa Rabbit whispered, "Fox hunters!" as his heart gave a bound of 
relief. 
    Nearer and nearer came the baying of the hounds and the music of the 
horns. Old Sly Fox was so busily digging that he failed to hear at first, 
but suddenly he stopped digging, and threw back his ears to listen. Then he 
quickly jumped away from the log where the Rabbit family lived and started 
running. 
    But the hounds were right after him, baying loudly with all their might. 
The horses' feet beat out an excited rhythm as the red-coated fox hunters 
urged them on in the chase. Up hill, over the meadows they ran. 
    Sly Fox was now running for his life, but the dogs were getting closer 
and closer. He jumped across the brook and spied a hole among some bushes. 
Into this he slid, and as the dogs went down the side of the stream of water 
before they jumped across they lost his scent. Sly Fox quickly ran out of 
the hole and took off in the opposite direction from the way the dogs were 
going. He had been so frightened and so near death that he resolved to 
himself never to bother the Rabbit family again. 
    Meanwhile, when Papa Rabbit had heard the hounds start the chase, he 
turned to Mama Rabbit and cried, "Safe at last! Call our little rabs for 
prayers of thanksgiving and praise to our Father which art in heaven." 
    After prayers, Mama Rabbit hustled about making mint tea for her and 
Papa Rabbit, and hot chocolate piled high with whipped cream for the little 
rabs. After that time they Lived happily among the great whispering pines, 
never bothered by old Sly Fox.
                                                          --Beulah Murrelle 
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
           (313)558-5024 {14.4} (313)558-5517
              A BBS for text file junkies
              RPGNet GM File Archive Site
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
            The Adveniure of the Three Gables
  I don't think that any of my adventures with Mr. Sherlock
Holmes opened quite so abruptly, or so dramatically, as that
which I associate with The Three Gables. I had not seen Holmes
for some days and had no idea of the new channel into which his
activities had been directed. He was in a chatty mood that
morning, however, and had just settled me into the well-worn
low armchair on one side of the fire, while he had curled down
with his pipe in his mouth upon the opposite chair, when our
visitor arrived. If I had said that a mad bull had arrived it would
give a clearer impression of what occurred.
  The door had flown open and a huge negro had burst into the
room. He would have been a comic figure if he had not been
terrific, for he was dressed in a very loud gray check suit with a
flowing salmon-coloured tie. His broad face and flattened nose
were thrust forward, as his sullen dark eyes, with a smouldering
gleam of malice in them, turned from one of us to the other.
  "Which of you gen'l'men is Masser Holmes?" he asked.
  Holmes raised his pipe with a languid smile.
  "Oh! it's you, is it?" said our visitor, coming with an un-
pleasant, stealthy step round the angle of the table. "See here,
Masser Holmes, you keep your hands out of other folks' busi-
ness. Leave folks to manage their own affairs. Got that, Masser
Holmes?"
  "Keep on talking," said Holmes. "It's fine."
  "Oh! it's fine, is it?" growled the savage. "It won't be so
damn fine if I have to trim you up a bit. I've handled your kind
before now, and they didn't look fine when I was through with
them. Look at that, Masser Holmes!"
  He swung a huge knotted lump of a fist under my friend's
nose. Holmes examined it closely with an air of great interest.
  "Were you born so?" he asked. "Or did it come by degrees?"
  It may have been the icy coolness of my friend, or it may have
been the slight clatter which I made as I picked up the poker. In
any case, our visitor's manner became less flamboyant.
  "Well, I've given you fair warnin'," said he. "I've a friend
that's interested out Harrow way -- you know what I'm meaning --
and he don't intend to have no buttin' in by you. Got that? You
ain't the law, and I ain't the law either, and if you come in I'll
be on hand also. Don't you forget it."
  "I've wanted to meet you for some time," said Holmes. "I
won't ask you to sit down, for I don't like the smell of you, but
aren't you Steve Dixie, the bruiser?"
  "That's my name, Masser Holmes, and you'll get put through
it for sure if you give me any lip."
  "It is certainly the last thing you need," said Holmes, staring
at our visitor's hideous mouth. "But it was the killing of young
Perkins outside the Holborn -- Bar What! you're not going?"
  The negro had sprung back, and his face was leaden. "I won't
listen to no such talk," said he. "What have I to do with this 'ere
Perkins, Masser Holmes? I was trainin' at the Bull Ring in
Birmingham when this boy done gone get into trouble."
  "Yes, you'll tell the magistrate about it, Steve," said Holmes.
"I've been watching you and Barney Stockdale --"
  "So help me the Lord! Masser Holmes --"
  "That's enough. Get out of it. I'll pick you up when I want
you."
  "Good-mornin', Masser Holmes. I hope there ain't no hard
feelin's about this 'ere visit?"
  "There will be unless you tell me who sent you."
  "Why, there ain't no secret about that, Masser Holmes. It was
that same gen'l'man that you have just done gone mention."
  "And who set him on to it?"
  "S'elp me. I don't know, Masser Holmes. He just say,
'Steve, you go see Mr. Holmes, and tell him his life ain't
safe if he go down Harrow way.' That's the whole truth."
Without waiting for any further questioning, our visitor bolted
out of the room almost as precipitately as he had entered.
Holmes knocked out the ashes of his pipe with a quiet chuckle.
  "I am glad you were not forced to break his woolly head,
Watson. I observed your manoeuvres with the poker. But he is
really rather a harmless fellow, a great muscular, foolish, blus-
tering baby, and easily cowed, as you have seen. He is one
of the Spencer John gang and has taken part in some dirty
work of late which I may clear up when I have time. His
immediate principal, Barney, is a more astute person. They
specialize in assaults, intimidation, and the like. What I want
to know is, who is at the back of them on this panicular
occasion?"
  "But why do they want to intimidate you?"
  "It is this Harrow Weald case. It decides me to look into the
matter, for if it is worth anyone's while to take so much trouble,
there must be something in it."
  "But what is it?"
  "I was going to tell you when we had this comic interlude.
Here is Mrs. Maberley's note. If you care to come with me we
will wire her and go out at once."
     DEAR MR. SHERLOCK HOLMES [I read]:
       I have had a succession of strange incidents occur to me
     in connection with this house, and I should much value your
     advice. You would find me at home any time to-morrow.
     The house is within a short walk of the Weald Station. I
     believe that my late husband, Mortimer Maberley, was one
     of your early clients.
                                            Yours faithfully,
                                               MARY MABERLEY.
  The address was "The Three Gables, Harrow Weald."
  "So that's that!" said Holmes. "And now, if you can spare
the time, Watson, we will get upon our way."
  A short railway journey, and a shorter drive, brought us to the
house, a brick and timber villa, standing in its own acre of
undeveloped grassland. Three small projections above. the upper
windows made a feeble attempt to justify its name. Behind was a
grove of melancholy, half-grown pines, and the whole aspect of
the place was poor and depressing. None the less, we found the
house to be well furnished, and the lady who received us was a
most engaging elderly person, who bore every mark of refine-
ment and culture.
  "I remember your husband well, madam," said Holmes,
"though it is some years since he used my services in some
trifling matter."
  "Probably you would be more familiar with the name of my
son Douglas."
  Holmes looked at her with great interest.
  "Dear me! Are you the mother of Douglas Maberley? I knew
him slightly. But of course all London knew him. What a
magnificent creature he was! Where is he now?"
  "Dead, Mr. Holmes, dead! He was attache at Rome, and he
died there of pneumonia last month."
  "I am sorry. One could not connect death with such a man. I
have never known anyone so vitally alive. He lived intensely --
every fibre of him!"
  "Too intensely, Mr. Holmes. That was the ruin of him. You
remember him as he was -- debonair and splendid. You did not
see the moody, morose, brooding creature into which he devel-
oped. His heart was broken. In a single month I seemed to see
my gallant boy turn into a worn-out cynical man."
  "A love affair -- a woman?"
  "Or a fiend. Well, it was not to talk of my poor lad that I
asked you to come, Mr. Holmes."
  "Dr. Watson and I are at your service."
  "There have been some very strange happenings. I have been
in this house more than a year now, and as I wished to lead a
retired life I have seen little of my neighbours. Three days ago I
had a call from a man who said that he was a house agent. He
said that this house would exactly suit a client of his, and that if I
would part with it money would be no object. It seemed to me
very strange as there are several empty houses on the market
which appear to be equally eligible, but naturally I was interested
in what he said. I therefore named a price which was five
hundred pounds more than I gave. He at once closed with the
offer, but added that his client desired to buy the furniture as
well and would I put a price upon it. Some of this furniture is
from my old home, and it is, as you see, very good, so that I
named a good round sum. To this also he at once agreed. I had
always wanted to travel, and the bargain was so good a one that
it really seemed that I should be my own mistress for the rest of
my life.
  "Yesterday the man arrived with the agreement all drawn out.
Luckily I showed it to Mr. Sutro, my lawyer, who lives in
Harrow. He said to me, 'This is a very strange document. Are
you aware that if you sign it you could not legally take anything
out of the house -- not even your own private possessions?' When
the man came again in the evening I pointed this out, and I said
that I meant only to sell the furniture.
  " 'No, no, everything,' said he.
  " 'But my clothes? My jewels?'
  " 'Well, well, some concession might be made for your per-
sonal effects. But nothing shall go out of the house unchecked.
My client is a very liberal man, but he has his fads and his own
way of doing things. It is everything or nothing with him.'
  " 'Then it must be nothing,' said I. And there the matter was
left, but the whole thing seemed to me to be so unusual that I
thought --"
  Here we had a very extraordinary interruption.
  Holmes raised his hand for silence. Then he strode across the
room, flung open the door, and dragged in a great gaunt woman
whom he had seized by the shoulder. She entered with ungainly
struggle like some huge awkward chicken, torn, squawking, out
of its coop.
  "Leave me alone! What are you a-doin' of?" she screeched.
  "Why, Susan, what is this?"
  "Well, ma'am, I was comin' in to ask if the visitors was
stayin' for lunch when this man jumped out at me."
  "I have been listening to her for the last five minutes, but did
not wish to interrupt your most interesting narrative. Just a little
wheezy, Susan, are you not? You breathe too heavily for that
kind of work."
  Susan turned a sulky but amazed face upon her captor. "Who
be you, anyhow, and what right have you a-pullin' me about like
this?"
  "It was merely that I wished to ask a question in your
presence. Did you, Mrs. Maberley, mention to anyone that you
were going to write to me and consult me?"
  "No, Mr. Holmes, I did not."
  "Who posted your letter?"
  "Susan did."
  "Exactly. Now, Susan, to whom was it that you wrote or sent
a message to say that your mistress was asking advice from
me?"
  "It's a lie. I sent no message."
  "Now, Susan, wheezy people may not live long, you know.
It's a wicked thing to tell fibs. Whom did you tell?"
  "Susan!" cried her mistress, "I believe you are a bad, treach-
erous woman. I remember now that I saw you speaking to
someone over the hedge."
  "That was my own business," said the woman sullenly.
  "Suppose I tell you that it was Barney Stockdale to whom you
spoke?" said Holmes.
  "Well, if you know, what do you want to ask for?"
  "I was not sure, but I know now. Well now, Susan, it will be
worth ten pounds to you if you will tell me who is at the back of
Barney."
  "Someone that could lay down a thousand pounds for every
ten you have in the world."
  "So, a rich man? No; you smiled -- a rich woman. Now we
have got so far, you may as well give the name and earn the
tenner."
  "I'll see you in hell first."
  "Oh, Susan! Language!"
  "I am clearing out of here. I've had enough of you all. I'll
send for my box to-morrow." She flounced for the door.
  "Good-bye, Susan. Paregoric is the stuff.... Now," he
continued, turning suddenly from lively to severe when the door
had closed behind the flushed and angry woman, "this gang
means business. Look how close they play the game. Your letter
to me had the 10 P.M. postmark. And yet Susan passes the word
to Barney. Barney has time to go to his employer and get
instructions; he or she -- I incline to the latter from Susan's grin
when she thought I had blundered -- forms a plan. Black Steve is
called in, and I am warned off by eleven o'clock next morning.
That's quick work, you know."
  "But what do they want?"
  "Yes, that's the question. Who had the house before you?"
  "A retired sea captain called Ferguson."
  "Anything remarkable about him?"
  "Not that ever I heard of."
  "I was wondering whether he could have buried something.
Of course, when people bury treasure nowadays they do it in the
Post-Office bank. But there are always some lunatics about. It
would be a dull world without them. At first I thought of some
buried valuable. But why, in that case, should they want your
furniture? You don't happen to have a Raphael or a first folio
Shakespeare without knowing it?"
  "No, I don't think I have anything rarer than a Crown Derby
tea-set."
  "That would hardly justify all this mystery. Besides, why
should they not openly state what they want? If they covet your
tea-set, they can surely offer a price for it without buying you
out, lock, stock, and barrel. No, as I read it, there is something
which you do not know that you have, and which you would not
give up if you did know."
  "That is how I read it," said I.
  "Dr. Watson agrees, so that settles it."
  "Well, Mr. Holmes, what can it be?"
  "Let us see whether by this purely mental analysis we can get
it to a finer point. You have been in this house a year."
  "Nearly two."
  "All the better. During this long period no one wants anything
from you. Now suddenly within three or four days you have
urgent demands. What would you gather from that?"
  "It can only mean," said I, "that the object, whatever it may
be, has only just come into the house."
  "Settled once again," said Holmes. "Now, Mrs. Maberley
has any object just arrived?"
  "No, I have bought nothing new this year."
  "Indeed! That is very remarkable. Well, I think we had best
let matters develop a little further until we have clearer data. Is
that lawyer of yours a capable man?"
  "Mr. Sutro is most capable."
  "Have you another maid, or was the fair Susan, who has just
banged your front door alone?"
  "I have a young girl."
  "Try and get Sutro to spend a night or two in the house. You
might possibly want protection."
  "Against whom?"
  "Who knows? The matter is certainly obscure. If I can't find
what they are after, I must approach the matter from the other
end and try to get at the principal. Did this house-agent man give
any address?"
  "Simply his card and occupation. Haines-Johnson, Auctioneer
and Valuer."
  "I don't think we shall find him in the directory. Honest
business men don't conceal their place of business. Well, you
will let me know any fresh development. I have taken up your
case, and you may rely upon it that I shall see it through."
  As we passed through the hall Holmes's eyes, which missed
nothing, lighted upon several trunks and cases which were piled
in a corner. The labels shone out upon them.
  " 'Milano.' 'Lucerne.' These are from Italy."
  "They are poor Douglas's things."
  "You have not unpacked them? How long have you had
them?"
  "They arrived last week."
  "But you said -- why, surely this might be the missing link.
How do we know that there is not something of value there?"
  "There could not possibly be, Mr. Holmes. Poor Douglas had
only his pay and a small annuity. What could he have of value?"
  Holmes was lost in thought.
  "Delay no longer, Mrs. Maberley," he said at last. "Have
these things taken upstairs to your bedroom. Examine them as
soon as possible and see what they cohtain. I will come to-
morrow and hear your report."
  It was quite evident that The Three Gables was under very
close surveillance, for as we came round the high hedge at the
end of the lane there was the negro prize-fighter standing in the
shadow. We came on him quite suddenly, and a grim and
menacing figure he looked in that lonely place. Holmes clapped
his hand to his pocket.
  "Lookin' for your gun, Masser Holmes?"
  "No, for my scent-bottle, Steve."
  "You are funny, Masser Holmes, ain't you?"
  "It won't be funny for you, Steve, if I get after you. I gave
you fair warning this morning."
  "Well, Masser Holmes, I done gone think over what you said,
and I don't want no more talk about that affair of Masser
Perkins. S'pose I can help you, Masser Holmes, I will."
  "Well, then, tell me who is behind you on this job."
  "So help me the Lord! Masser Holmes, I told you the truth
before. I don't know. My boss Barney gives me orders and that's
all."
  "Well, just bear in mind, Steve, that the lady in that house,
and everything under that roof, is under my protection. Don't
forget it."
  "All right, Masser Holmes. I'll remember."
  "I've got him thoroughly frightened for his own skin, Wat-
son," Holmes remarked as we walked on. "I think he would
double-cross his employer if he knew who he was. It was lucky I
had some knowledge of the Spencer John crowd, and that Steve
was one of them. Now, Watson, this is a case for Langdale Pike,
and I am going to see him now. When I get back I may be
clearer in the matter."
  I saw no more of Holmes during the day, but I could well
imagine how he spent it, for Langdale Pike was his human
book of reference upon all matters of social scandal. This
strange, languid creature spent his waking hours in the bow
window of a St. James's Street club and was the receiving-
station as well as the transmitter for all the gossip of the
metropolis. He made, it was said, a four-figure income by
the paragraphs which he contributed every week to the gar-
bage papers which cater to an inquisitive public. If ever, far
down in the turbid depths of London life, there was some
strange swirl or eddy, it was marked with automatic exact-
ness by this human dial upon the surface. Holmes discreetly
helped Langdale to knowledge, and on occasion was helped in
turn.
  When I met my friend in his room early next morning, I was
conscious from his bearing that all was well, but none the less a
most unpleasant surprise was awaiting us. It took the shape of
the following telegram.
       Please come out at once. Client's house burgled in the
     night. Police in possession.
                           SUTRO.
  Holmes whistled. "The drama has come to a crisis, and
quicker than I had expected. There is a great driving-power at
the back of this business, Watson, which does not surprise me
after what I have heard. This Sutro, of course, is her lawyer. I
made a mistake, I fear, in not asking you to spend the night on
guard. This fellow has clearly proved a broken reed. Well, there
is nothing for it but another journey to Harrow Weald."
  We found The Three Gables a very different establishment to
the orderly household of the previous day. A small group of
idlers had assembled at the garden gate, while a couple of
constables were examining the windows and the geranium beds.
Within we met a gray old gentleman, who introduced himself as
the lawyer together with a bustling, rubicund inspector, who
greeted Hoimes as an old friend.
  "Well, Mr. Holmes, no chance for you in this case, I'm
afraid. Just a common, ordinary burglary, and well within the
capacity of the poor old police. No experts need apply."
  "I am sure the case is in very good hands," said Holmes.
"Merely a common burglary, you say?"
  "Quite so. We know pretty well who the men are and where
to find them. It is that gang of Barney Stockdale, with the big
nigger in it -- they've been seen about here."
  "Excellent! What did they get?"
  "Well, they don't seem to have got much. Mrs. Maberley was
chloroformed and the house was -- Ah! here is the lady herself."
  Our friend of yesterday, looking very pale and ill, had entered
the room, leaning upon a little maidservant.
  "You gave me good advice, Mr. Holmes," said she, smiling
ruefully. "Alas, I did not take it! I did not wish to trouble Mr.
Sutro, and so I was unprotected."
  "I only heard of it this morning," the lawyer explained.
  "Mr. Holmes advised me to have some friend in the house. I
neglected his advice, and I have paid for it."
  "You look wretchedly ill," said Holmes. "Perhaps you are
hardly equal to telling me what occurred."
  "It is all here," said the inspector, tapping a bulky notebook.
  "Still, if the lady is not too exhausted --"
  "There is really so little to tell. I have no doubt that wicked
Susan had planned an entrance for them. They must have known
the house to an inch. I was conscious for a moment of the
chloroform rag which was thrust over my mouth, but I have no
notion how long I may have been senseless. When I woke, one
man was at the bedside and another was rising with a bundle in
his hand from among my son's baggage, which was partially
opened and littered over the floor. Before he could get away I
sprang up and seized him."
  "You took a big risk," said the inspector.
  "I clung to him, but he shook me off, and the other may have
struck me, for I can remember no more. Mary the maid heard the
noise and began screaming out of the window. That brought the
police, but the rascals had got away."
  "What did they take?"
  "Well, I don't think there is anything of value missing. I am
sure there was nothing in my son's trunks."
  "Did the men leave no clue?"
  "There was one sheet of paper which I may have torn from
the man that I grasped. It was lying all crumpled on the floor. It
is in my son's handwriting."
  "Which means that it is not of much use," said the inspector.
"Now if it had been in the burglar's --"
  "Exactly," said Holmes. "What rugged common sense! None
the less, I should be curious to see it."
  The inspector drew a folded sheet of foolscap from his
pocketbook.
  "I never pass anything, however trifling," said he with some
pomposity. "That is my advice to you, Mr. Holmes. In twenty-
five years' experience I have learned my lesson. There is always
the chance of finger-marks or something."
  Holmes inspected the sheet of paper.
  "What do you make of it, Inspector?"
  "Seems to be the end of some queer novel, so far as I can
see."
  "It may certainly prove to be the end of a queer tale," said
Holmes. "You have noticed the number on the top of the page.
It is two hundred and forty-five. Where are the odd two hundred
and forty-four pages?"
  "Well, I suppose the burglars got those. Much good may it do
them!"
  "It seems a queer thing to break into a house in order to steal
such papers as that. Does it suggest anything to you, Inspector?"
  "Yes, sir, it suggests that in their hurry the rascals just
grabbed at what came first to hand. I wish them joy of what they
got."
  "Why should they go to my son's things?" asked Mrs.
Maberley.
  "Well, they found nothing valuable downstairs, so they tried
their luck upstairs. That is how I read it. What do you make of
it, Mr. Holmes?"
  "I must think it over, Inspector. Come to the window, Wat-
son." Then, as we stood together, he read over the fragment of
paper. It began in the middle of a sentence and ran like this:
       ". . . face bled considerably from the cuts and blows,
     but it was nothing to the bleeding of his heart as he saw that
     lovely face, the face for which he had been prepared to
     sacrifice his very life, looking out at his agony and humilia-
     tion. She smiled -- yes, by Heaven! she smiled, like the
     heartless fiend she was, as he looked up at her. It was at
     that moment that love died and hate was born. Man must
     live for something. If it is not for your embrace, my lady,
     then it shall surely be for your undoing and my complete
     revenge."
  "Queer grammar!" said Holmes with a smile as he handed the
paper back to the inspector. "Did you notice how the 'he'
suddenly changed to 'my'? The writer was so carried away by
his own story that he imagined himself at the supreme moment to
be the hero."
  "It seemed mighty poor stuff," said the inspector as he re-
placed it in his book. "What! are you off, Mr. Holmes?"
  "I don't think there is anything more for me to do now that
the case is in such capable hands. By the way, Mrs. Maberley,
did you say you wished to travel?"
  "It has always been my dream, Mr. Holmes."
  "Where would you like to go -- Cairo, Madeira, the Riviera?"
  "Oh if I had the money I would go round the world."
  "Quite so. Round the world. Well, good-morning. I may drop
you a line in the evening." As we passed the window I caught a
glimpse of the inspector's smile and shake of the head. "These
clever fellows have always a touch of madness." That was what
I read in the inspector's smile.
  "Now, Watson, we are at the last lap of our little journey,"
said Holmes when we were back in the roar of central London
once more. "I think we had best clear the matter up at once, and
it would be well that you should come with me, for it is safer to
have a witness when you are dealing with such a lady as Isadora
Klein."
  We had taken a cab and were speeding to some address in
Grosvenor Square. Holmes had been sunk in thought, but he
roused himself suddenly.
  "By the way, Watson, I suppose you see it all clearly?"
  "No, I can't say that I do. I only gather that we are going to
see the lady who is behind all this mischief."
  "Exactly! But does the name Isadora Klein convey nothing to
you? She was, of course, the celebrated beauty. There was never
a woman to touch her. She is pure Spanish, the real blood of the
masterfui Conquistadors, and her people have been leaders in
Pernambuco for generations. She married the aged German sugar
king, Klein, and presently found herself the richest as well as the
most lovely widow upon earth. Then there was an interval of
adventure when she pleased her own tastes. She had several
lovers, and Douglas Maberley, one of the most striking men in
London, was one of them. It was by all accounts more than an
adventure with him. He was not a society butterfly but a strong,
proud man who gave and expected all. But she is the 'belle dame
sans merci' of fiction. When her caprice is satisfied the matter is
ended, and if the other party in the matter can't take her word
for it she knows how to bring it home to him."
  "Then that was his own story --"
  "Ah! you are piecing it together now. I hear that she is about
to marry the young Duke of Lomond, who might almost be her
son. His Grace's ma might overlook the age, but a big scandal
would be a different matter, so it is imperative -- Ah! here we
are."
  It was one of the finest corner-houses of the West End. A
machine-like footman took up our cards and returned with word
