speed.
     Peter Perfect put up a restraining hand and stepped to
Atlas's side.  Ridiculous Sword stopped herself.  Prometheus went
down so that it just covered the world-holder's throat, and the
Other Bracer of Irresistible Damage around Peter's wrist pulsed
in blue-white readiness.  "One more step, Sick Kids," the
disgusting paladin announced, "And Atlas here gets it!"
     'Hoo boy,' Ringman thought.  Jimmy's thoughts ran along the
same lines.  Homer was too frightened to think.
     Gross Sword looked him levelly in the eye.  He never did
like this poor excuse for a paladin, but now his dislike for him
was for different reasons.  "You don't really want to do this,"
Gross Sword said to him.
     Peter Perfect did a take.  "What do you _mean_ I don't want
to do this?!  Of _course_ I want to do this!!"
     "You want to destroy everything on Central Earth just
because _you_ can't have it all?" Gross Sword put to him.
     "Darned right!" Peter exclaimed.  "Stupid old world.  What
did it ever do for _me_, anyways?  And besides, you people seem so
attached to this miserable little planet, full of so much vile
filth and sin and nasty other things that we paladins are out to
destroy, that if you don't agree to give me total control over
all beings on this planet, I'll snuff out Atlas right here and
now!"
     "And what would you do with total control?" Gross Sword
pressed on.
     "What would I _do_ with it?  Why, rule over it, of course!"
     "You mean play with it as you pleased."
     "Exactly!"
     "Like a toy, whose only purpose was to amuse you."
     "Yeah!"
     "And you call yourself a lawful-good paladin?" Gross Sword
and Ringman asked at the same time.
     Peter Perfect's eyes darted worriedly to either side.  He
still _felt_ like he had his paladin powers.  Sort of.  Didn't he? 
He shook his head, and with utter contempt, slashed the last
slash across Atlas's neck.  After the Other Bracer of
Irresistible Damage, his Titan Strength, the Axe of the Dwarvish
Lords' +2 weapon damage bonus, the cause-serious-wounds-by-touch
power of the Talisman of Al'Akbar, and Prometheus's own +6
magical bonus, he ended up doing 242 damage points, killing the
Titan-Who-Holds-Up-the-World instantly and inflicting temporary
paralysis on him to boot.
     And amid gaping horrors, Central Earth fell.
     No earthquake could match what happened on the plate's Upper
Surface.  No words can describe the sudden and inexplicable loss
of weight that everything thereon experienced.  On a world that
had grown up with and evolved everything it had into the concept
of _gravity_ -- for over four billion years -- freefall was simply
not within the realm of understanding.  Nor would it be for long,
as it was gravity's task also to hold the blue air to the surface
of the world.
     And as it fell, it landed on something.  Something that was
already in freefall.  Peter Perfect.  The blow was nothing more
than the force of, say, walking across a room and not stopping
before you ran into the wall.  Not enough to hurt anyone.  Not
normally.
     But the Book of Infinite Wisdom, or perhaps it was a
necessary reality-building article in Dragon & Dragrace, made a
stipulation about that.  It said that whenever a solid object
lands on somebody else, that object does a certain number of d6
worth of damage for every hundred pounds it weighs.  Central
Earth weighed six billion trillion tons.  And since there was at
least a _little_ mithral that hadn't yet been mined out of its
crust, it was considered a +4 or better weapon with regard to
what kinds of creatures it could affect.  Peter Perfect's
permanent potion of invulnerability thus rendered useless, he and
even his adamantite full plate armor were squished into an
unrecognizable bloody wet-spot a mile across.
     "Gee," Jimmy commented, "He didn't even say goodbye."
     "Yeah," Ringman noted, now in freefall himself, "But that
didn't keep Central Earth from falling!"
     "Somebody's got to catch it," Disgusting Sword commented.
     "Who'd be strong enough?" Ringman asked.
     "Somebody as strong as Atlas," Ridiculous Sword replied,
non-chalantly.  "Don't forget who you're in the company of."
     Ridiculous Sword flexed her 25*-strength muscles and
prepared to halt the falling slab . . . but Gross Sword slid in
ahead of her.  He braced his Atlas-strength legs against the
thread that was the North Pole, held up his Atlas-strength hands,
and with a calming breath and about three inches off leeway, he
brought the world to a stop.
     Having weight return to the people up top so abruptly was
almost as big a shock as having it leave in the first place. 
Massive property damage ensued, and most everyone was severely
shaken up -- but fortunately, no one was hurt.
     Ridiculous Sword caught her falling father with ease, not
taking her eyes from her brother.  Gross Sword stood there,
holding up the world between his shoulders, and heaved a mighty
sigh of relief.  Central Earth and all its inhabitants were safe
-- safe from losing their atmosphere to free space, and safe from
the Old Gross Sword's petty wrath.
     "Now," said Ridiculous Sword, "How are we going to brace
it?"
     "Uh, brace it?" Gross Sword asked.
     "Sure.  You can't just keep holding it up forever.  We've
gotta brace it with something."
     Gross Sword thought for an instant, then shook his head in
dismay.  "It would take a column of adamantite bigger than all
the adamantite in existence to support this much weight.  The
only force strong enough to hold up Central Earth, and keep it
held up, is somebody with twenty-five star strength.  Like me."
     Ringman's brow furrowed.  "But . . . but you can't just stay
here forever!"
     "Sure I can," Gross Sword surmised.  "Every twelve years or
so I can set Central Earth down on my shoulder blades and buy a
potion of longevity from the Black Magic Market for Black Market
Magic.  Uh, make that several potions of longevity, so that if
the first one backfires I can cancel it real quick.  And then I
can pick Central Earth up again and go back to work."
     Ringman shook his head.  "And what kind of a life is THAT?!"
     Gross Sword sighed.  "A sacrificial one.  Hell, I got us
into this scrape in the first place.  If I hadn't been suckered
over to the evil side of things, we could have all gone out
together and ridded ourselves of Peter Perfect once and for all.  
have to repay this world for the damage I've done.  This is the
only way I know how."
     "No," Ridiculous Sword replied.  "There's another way.  We
can train huge numbers of people to have 25-star strength, and
have them take turns holding up the plate.  For which they'll get
paid five silver pieces an hour, or some such."
     Gross Sword brightened up for a fleeting instant, then sank
back.  "No, it's better this way.  I don't deserve --"
     Ridiculous Sword cut him off.  "Damn it, Gross Sword, YOU'RE
WORTH MORE THAN THIS!!"
     Gross Sword blinked his eyes, realizing something but saying
nothing.
     Ridiculous Sword wrinkled her mouth shut and nodded.  "Let's
go.  Gross Sword, we're going to get you out of this predicament
even if you won't."
     She took Ringman's hand and gestured to Disgusting Sword,
Jimmy, and Homer.  Prometheus slid itself into Ringman's sheath,
grudgingly coming back to its first master for the third time. 
The war was over.  It was time for the healing to begin.
                             EPILOG
     Fordinchuarlikomfterrablaxxuuuuuchh'chh'chh-pt did not fit
Ringman's concept of an ideal vacation spot.  Ridiculous Sword
took him to that plane with _nothing_, since no material
possessions other than those created there could make the voyage. 
Ringman and his younger daughter materialized stark-naked in the
middle of a fuzzy, cold green place.  It took nearly a minute for
the paladin's vision to clear, for the green to resolve itself
into grass, and for him to cringe as a _not_-so-naked woman rushed
out to greet them.  He instinctively crossed his hands over his
groin.
     Ringman expected this woman to shout insults at them for
mucking about on _her_ lawn with all this interplanar travel
nonsense, but instead she smiled and waved to them.  She pulled
the front of her skirt away from her legs and bounded toward
them, unable to conceal her more-than-well-fed bulk.  "Fire
Eater!" she cried out, "Fire Eater!  You've come back!  Y--"
     She stopped about twenty feet away, finally able to make out
their features.  "Oh, excuse me," she apologized, one hand on her
heaving chest.  "I thought . . . say, are you two any relation to
the Fire Eater?"
     Ridiculous Sword extended a psionic probe and gleaned a
picture of the "Fire Eater" from the woman's mind.  The memory
was more than eleven years old, but it was clearly of Sick Sword. 
Ridiculous Sword nodded her head solemnly.  "The Fire Eater's
dead."
     "Oh."  The woman felt concerned for a few instants, then it
passed.  Especially when she took a good look at Ringman.  Her
lips slowly broke into a smile.  "Hey, what's _your_ name?"
     "Ringman," he replied, now shivering from the morning cold. 
He felt somewhat imposed upon, as well, until he looked into her
bright little eyes.  "What's yours?"
     She put her hands on his shoulders.  "My name's Izabella." 
She looked down a little lower.  "Mmm, you have quite a
physique."  She looked still lower.  "Yes, quite. . . ."
     "Thanks," Ringman replied, his teeth now chattering. 
Whoever invented the morning chill should be skewered.  "B-b-but
c-c-could you g-get me some c-c-clothes to wear?"
     Izabella puzzled momentarily, then leapt back to reality. 
"Oh, oh sure.  Sorry.  Follow me."
     She led them both into her farm house, gave them each one of
her old tattered terrycloth robes, and sat them down around a
small circular kitchen table.  She also poured them each a hot
drink.  As far as Ringman was concerned, hot dirty water never
tasted so good as now.
     "We're here," Ridiculous Sword broke in, "Because my mother
-- the Fire Eater -- promised to come back here one day to check
up on things.  She never got around to it.  So I decided to bring
my father here and myself."
     Izabella's bright little eyes narrowed to scrutiny as she
came closer to Ringman.  "You were the Fire Eater's wife?"
     "Well," Ringman shrugged, "For all intents and purposes,
yes."
     She stared at him out of the corner of her eye.  "You mean
you two weren't legally married?"
     "No, as a matter of fact, the Other Book of Infinite Wisdom
hadn't come out by then.  And that was the first place which
listed a marriage spell."
     Izabella shrugged.  "Oh, all right then," she complied, and
sat down next to him.  A little too close next to him, by most
counts, but Ringman smiled and put his right arm around her
anyway.
     "So," Ridiculous Sword continued, "How well have things been
working out here in North . . . uh, North . . ."
     "North Fliedershire," Izabella filled in the name of the
town.  "By the way, Ringman, how old are you?"
     "Thirty-two years young," he replied with a chuckle.  "And
Ridiculous Sword here is ten, and my other daughter and my son
are eleven and nine, respectively."
     "Her name's Ridiculous Sword?"
     He shrugged.  "Sick Sword picked it out."
     "Ah.  And, um, why didn't you bring your whole family here,
Ringman?"
     "Well," Ridiculous Sword told her, "Gross Sword -- that's my
brother -- is out holding up the entire planet of Central Earth;
and Disgusting Sword has already recruited over two thousand
Atlas-strength people to take turns taking Gross Sword's place
and is looking for more."
     _Holding up the planet_? Izabella mouthed in astonishment.
     "Oh, and Dad didn't bring me here," Ridiculous Sword
finished; "I brought him."
     "Mmm hmm," Izabella nodded slowly.  "So I see that the Fire
Eater's power runs in the family."
     "And more," Ridiculous Sword stated matter-of-factly.
     Izabella raised her eyebrows, then realized she hadn't been
paying attention to Ringman for nearly thirty seconds and put her
left arm around his shoulders.  "And, uh, what happened that your
brother has to hold up the planet?"
     Ridiculous Sword sighed.  "Some jerk who called himself
'Peter Perfect' killed Atlas, so _somebody_ had to stay and keep
the world from falling."
     "Yeah," Ringman agreed.  "Good thing the fall killed _him_,
too, or you kids might have had to get your hands dirty.  His
body got so splattered there's no _way_ anybody could resurrect
him now; so he'll stay in Heaven, completely out of harm's way
until some dummy decides to reincarnate him."
     "He killed Atlas and he _still_ got to go to Heaven?"
     "You betcha," Ringman said; "He was lawful-good.  Hmmm . . .
I wonder how he's making out in Heaven right now. . . ."
     Ridiculous Sword whacked herself on her 19-intelligence
forehead.  "Thanks for reminding me."  She cupped her hands in
front of Ringman and projected some blue-white mental energy
there.  "Peter Perfect sent me a telepagram from Heaven just this
morning.  Here, take a look."
     Ringman and Izabella drew closer as an image formed out of
the blue void.  A blond-haired man wearing a gold ring over his
head and a winged white choir robe resolved himself against a
backdrop of clouds and others dressed like him.  He was holding
his ears vehemently and screaming: "I CAN'T STAND THIS ANYMORE!! 
All I ever meet are a bunch of peace-minded angels strumming
their stupid harps!  BLEACCH!  Not even a lousy stinking little
piece of EVIL to stomp on!  THIS IS NO FUN AT ALL!!!"
     Ringman snorted a chuckle.  "Looks like he's gone to hell
after all."
     Ridiculous Sword folded her hands and the image vanished. 
"Getting back to why I came here in the first place: how has
North Fliedershire been holding out since the Fire Eater was last
here?"
     "Oh, _wonderfully_," Izabella said with a lilt.  "That nasty
old Smaugzilla made an excellent set of luggage.  And it was nice
not having a dragon burn down all your crops all the time, too. 
Funny thing, though -- I always thought dragons had huge treasure
hordes inside their caves.  When the townsfolk excavated this
one, all they found was an egg five feet across."
     "An egg?" Ridiculous Sword sat up.  "A dragon's egg?"
     "Well, we think so.  If it is we'll give the dragon baby
everything we've got to make it turn out good instead of evil
like its mother."
     "Make a red dragon turn out good?" Ridiculous Sword's voice
got more urgent.  "And this egg's been there for over eleven
years.  My God II, its incubation period's almost up!  We have to
get there, and I mean _now_!"
     Izabella shook her head nervously.  "Um, there are some
horses in the garage, if --"
     "No, I mean _right now_!"  She reached across the table and
grasped Ringman's and Izabella's free hands.  "Have you been to
this place where the egg is?"
     "Oh, countless times," Izabella told her.
     "Good.  I want you to close your eyes, and visualize this
place in your mind."
     She closed her eyes.  Ridiculous Sword picked up on her
thoughts; they were a bit foggy.
     "Really see this place in your head," Ridiculous Sword
pushed her onward.  "Visualize every detail you ever saw when you
were last there.  Every shade, every sound, every scent -- even
the air temperature, if you can remember it."
     Izabella did.  The image of the cave's mouth and the wooden
fence came in as sharply as the stars in space.
     "Good.  Now --"  Boink.  "-- is this it?"
     Izabella opened her eyes and gasped.  She was actually
there!  It was a lot cooler than the time she'd just visualized,
since the last time she'd been there was in early afternoon, but
this was the place!
     "Teleportation," Ridiculous Sword told her.  "I do it all
the time.  And that," she crossed the two-foot-high wooden picket
and stared at the red, speckled bulb in its center, "Must be
Smaugzilla's egg."
     "Uh huh," Izabella nodded.
     Ringman furrowed his brow.  Despite being an obscure ninth-
level by-the-book paladin, he did have certain powers of his own
which he could exercise.  "That's funny," he commented after a
few seconds, "It's supposed to be a red dragon egg, but I don't
detect any evil coming from it."
     "Me neither," Ridiculous Sword concurred.  "This is damned
strange."  She looked a bit more intently at the egg.  "My God
II!" she exclaimed.  "Look at this X-ray picture!"
     "How?" Ringman and Izabella asked simultaneously.
     "Oh, sorry," Ridiculous Sword caught herself.  "That isn't a
baby red dragon in there at all!"
     "No?" Ringman asked.
     "No!  The neck's the wrong length, the head resembles a
horse more than it does a lizard, and the skin has a metallic
sheen -- and there's not the slightest sign of deformity!  It's
just a plain, straight different species of _draco_!"
     Izabella's eyes grew suddenly distant.  "The legend!"
     "Huh?" Ringman asked.  "What legend?"
     "Not another one of _these_ again," Ridiculous Sword
muttered.
     "The legend of the Fire Eater's leftovers!" Izabella
exclaimed.
     "Ah, well that clarifies EVERYthing," Ringman muttered. 
Life in the multiverse could get _so_ confusing.  At times like
these he wished it was all just castles and damsels and dragons
and things once again -- those he could understand.
     "'After the Fire Eater's triumph,'" Izabella recited,
"'Eleven cycles of Hyperion's bronze chariot will go, and then
the fruits of the dragon's demise will ripen and a force that had
been lost will be replaced in the universe.'  The legend must
have been talking about this baby dragon!"
     "Or it could have been talking about baked potatoes,"
Ridiculous Sword sneered.  "That's the thing about these legends,
they're all so vague.  But I tell you what, there's only one way
we're going to find out.  Stand back."
     Izabella stepped back a few feet.  Ringman grabbed her and
pulled her behind a rock.  "When she says stand back," he told
her, "She means it."
     "Normally a baby dragon can hatch from its egg within six
months," Ridiculous Sword explained, "IF it has the warm body of
its mother to incubate it.  If not, the embryo won't die, but
it'll mature about as slowly as glass runs downhill.  It can take
upwards of eleven years.  This dragonette here is on the verge of
hatching; it just needs a little warmth to encourage it to come
out of its shell."
     "Uh, how much warmth?" Izabella asked.  Ringman suppressed a
snicker.
     "Oh, about the equivalent of --"  Ridiculous Sword cast a
fireball spell and centered it right on the egg.  The wooden
fence turned to ash, the rocks inside of it glowed a cherry red,
and Ridiculous Sword's terrycloth robe disintegrated.  Her hair
was a little mussed up, too; after all, a double-strength
permanent potion of fire resistance could only do so much.  "--
Red dragon breath."
     Ringman and Izabella came out from behind the rock in time
to see the egg crack.  The first shell fragment fell away, and a
polished (but damp) foot-long dragon head poked out of the hole
and glanced around.  Not seeing its mommy, it shut its eyes and
wailed a few bucketfulls of tears.
     Ridiculous Sword gabbed the head and stroked it.  That
calmed it down a bit, and gave it enough incentive to bust the
rest of the way out of its shell.  The sun chose just that moment
to peer over the horizon, and glinted off its dew-specked dragon
skin with an silvery-golden light.
     "My deity!" Ringman whispered.  "A silver dragon!"
     Ridiculous Sword looked back up at him and shook her head. 
"No.  A platinum dragon."
     "Platinum?" Ringman mouthed.
     "The first one to be born in over two thousand years.  The
first one to be born . . . since Bahamut."
     "A new lord of the dragons . . ." Ringman mused.
     "He'll have a lot to learn before he can become _that_ -- but
he has 401 years before he's an ancient dragon and ready for that
position, anyway."
     "Um, you're sure it's a he?" Ringman asked suspiciously.
     "Sure," his daughter assured him.  "All platinum dragons
ever born are male.  And besides, I checked."
     This puzzled the paladin still further.  "But if all
platinum dragons are male, that means that they can't reproduce."
     "That's 'cause they're a hybrid.  You see, when a gold and a
silver dragon mate, they produce an electrum dragon.  If this
electrum dragon then goes on and mates with a speaking, spell-
using dragon of another species -- any species, good or evil --
they either produce _no_ offspring, which is usually the case, or
they produce one of these."  She indicated the platinum dragon
chick in her arms.  "That's how Bahamut was born in the first
place."
     "So, then," Izabella put the pieces together, "Smaugzilla
had to have mated with one of those electric dragons?"
     "Electr_um_ dragons; and yes.  These affairs are rare
occurrences indeed, because electrum dragons never live past the
age of sub-adulthood.  But this one's here, and we're going to
keep it that way until he's able to take care of himself."
     Ringman whistled.  "Four hundred and one years.  Heck, it'll
take him fifty years just to grow into a full adult.  That's a
lot of time to devote to one creature."
     "Mm hmm.  Matter of fact, he'd probably be best off if he
were taken care of by someone from North Fliedershire.  Like you,
for instance, Izabella."
     Izabella gulped.  "M-me?  But I couldn't even raise cows
right!  I don't know anything about raising dragons!"
     "They can pretty much take care of themselves.  Just feed
him scrambled eggs and teach him how to speak -- and he'll be
able to tell you everything he needs by the time he's six months
old.  Send him off to magic college when he's 1, and he'll be
casting first-level spells before you know it."
     Izabella shrugged.  "Sounds simple enough, but --" she
smiled at Ringman "-- I could sure use a nice strong man to stay
and help me raise this dragon."
     Ringman pursed his lips.  "Or you and the platinum dragon
could come back to Central Earth with me.  I have a great little
keep set up in town. . . ."
     She stroked a finger along the hairy, exposed portion of his
chest.  "Well, we'll see."
     "A new Bahamut," Ridiculous Sword nodded and smiled.  The
dragon cuddled up against her chest and purred.  "A beautiful new
Bahamut.  I wonder what we should name him."
     "Bahamut the second?" Izabella offered.
     "Bahamut junior," Ringman chuckled.
     Ridiculous Sword rubbed her chin.  "How about Sick Dragon?"
     "NO!" Izabella and Ringman shouted as one.
     "You tell 'em!" a distant voice from behind intruded.
     "Huh?"  Ridiculous Sword turned around first, unaccustomed
to being without the 360-degree aid of her robe of eyes.  A naked
boy was running toward them.  He was easy to recognize.
     "Hi, Rid!" Jimmy said as he arrived two seconds later.  He
would have been out of breath except that he had an 18
constitution.  "Hi, Mr. Ringman!"
     "Jimmy, what are you doing here?" Ridiculous Sword asked
with one fist on her hip.
     "Oh, just trying out some psionic plane travelling.  I
shoulda guessed from the piles of junk that fell to the floor
when you two left that this plane doesn't allow any carry-on
luggage, but oh well.  Hey, who's the fat broad?"
     "Izabella," Ringman stared him levelly in the eye, "My new
girl-friend."
     Jimmy stopped himself.  "Oh. . . . And who's the dragon?"
     "Bahamut the second," "Bahamut junior," and "Sick Dragon"
all came out at once.
     Jimmy thought for a second.  "How about just calling him
'Bahamut,' like the old one?"
     "Well . . . why not?" Ridiculous Sword acquiesced.
     "Sure."
     "Sounds good to me."
     "Good," Jimmy sealed their agreement.  "But anyway, R.S.,
there was somethin' that's been buggin' me."
     "Yes? . . ."
     "When I turned into that hill giant and attacked GrossSword
with the ballista of automatic missile fire?"
     "Mm hmm . . ."
     "That shouldn't've worked.  Just because a hill giant has
6+2 or more hit dice doesn't mean _I_ got to have 6+2 or more hit
dice.  I was only fifth-level at the time.  I shouldn't have been
able to affect him."
     "I was wondering when you were going to figure that out,"
Ridiculous Sword told him.  "I won't tell the Dungeon Master if
you won't."
     Jimmy mopped his brow in relief.  "Agreed.  Oh, and one more
thing . . . about how I helped with stopping Gross Sword and
Peter Perfect and --"
     Ridiculous Sword held up a restraining hand.  "Wait . . .
don't tell me --"
     Jimmy nodded, and he, Ridiculous Sword, and Ringman all
joined in chanting the immortal words:
     "HOW MANY EXPERIENCE POINTS DO WE GET?"
Jeff Boeing / Roger M. Wilcox         cbcsc063@ma.secs.csun.edu
----------------------------------------------------------------
"Estas malpermesita entrudi sin en la evoluon de pli naivaj
kulturoj."  -- La Unua Direktivo, pli aw malpli
*1*                                                               
TYPE 4
2.00
2.00
                         Second Sight
                          Mike Stutz
                 Creative Writing, Dr.  Kirk
     "Gimme another cigarette here."
     Mark extended his hand and waited as Jamie dropped one
of her cigarettes into it.
     "A Cancer," Dave said.
     Mark didn't look up.  "You don't mind, do you?"
     "No, go ahead.  But they're really cancers.  That's what
they should be called, anyway."
     "Yeah," Mark replied, legs shifting and hitting an array
of bottles and cans that they had laying there.
     "Is there anything left in that bottle?" Dave asked him.
     "No," Mark said, eyes focused outside on the snow.
     They were sitting in the cold, paneled living-room floor
of Dave's new apartment.  Mark, with his back to the droning
heater, was closest to the glass balcony door.  The smoke
from his cigarette drifted to the ceiling, where it lingered
and slowly ebbed.  Jamie was sipping a cola next to him.
Dave was across from the two of them, sitting Indian-style.
The walls of his apartment were painted in bland colors,
mostly pale yellows and deep greys.  The room had Dave's
extensive stereo already plugged in and playing his AC/DC,
but was otherwise completely bare.  There were two doorways
on the other side of the room, one of which led to the
bedroom and bathroom, the other to the kitchen, a small coat
room, and eventually the front door.
     They'd been cleaning the place up and moving things
in since Jamie got home from school, which was about four
o'clock, and were taking a break.  The bed had been the
hardest item to bring in, for it had barely fit in the
doorway.  Dave's small fridge, the stereo, a dresser, and a
medley of breakables were also brought in.
     Jamie turned and looked at Mark, whose eyes were still
fixed outside.  The few banks and office buildings down the
road had closed for the weekend, for it was already late in
the day.  Rush hour traffic was at its peak, and many of the
motorists, having a fourty-five minute trip into the city,
drove impatiently toward the highway ramp.  Leaves, heaped in
piles by the road, were motionless and smattered with snow.
Across the street, an ice cream shop, closed for the season,
was flanked on both sides by a sparse northeast Ohio woods.
The large painted cone on the structure's side, whose top was
covered with a gentle sprinkling of snow, looked like it was
to be a celestial treat for the gods.  About one hundred
yards to the left the big rotating sign of a supermarket
turned but went nowhere, and yet the snow continued to
cheerily frolic through the air.
     "This might be a bad one," Jamie said as some of the
delicate snow touched the glass door, where it
instantaneously changed into tiny droplets of water.
     "Yup," Mark said between puffs.  "It's been this way
every year.  The first snowfall is always rotten.  At least
you have heat, Dave."
     "Yeah, but you're going to have to show me how to use
the thermostat.  You know how I am with these things.  I
couldn't figure it out on my own."
     "Don't worry," said Jamie.  "You know, I can't believe
that you've finally did it!  Out of all of us, you've been
the first to move away from home.  And this is a nice spot,
too.  Close enough to you parents and us that if you need
anything..."
     "But far away enough to get away from it all," Dave
interjected.
     They sat there for a while, Dave's ubiquitous mirrored
sunglasses reflecting a distorted image of the room, and Mark
still gazing out the window, only moving to drop his ashes
into the almost empty soda can beside him.  Jamie, staring at
the two of them, started to feel a bit uneasy and said
something to break the silence: "You know, it seems like it
was just yesterday when we were kids.  Remember Dave, the
time when you first got a skateboard?  Mark and I had wanted
so badly to ride it, and you wouldn't let us -'til we stole
it and I fell and skinned my knee something awful.  You
caught us just as I was running home balling my eyes out.
Remember?"
     Mark looked up.  "And I was the one holding on to the
board.  I remember, Dave, you looked mad!"
     Jamie continued.  "It's funny, 'cause I still have sort
of a mark on my right knee.  And to this day, I won't even go
near those damn things!  Hey - and how about when we'd all
play tag in the woods?  We were always too scared to go near
that old shack across the creek, even when we were twelve or
thirteen.  Remember that?"
     "Yeah," Dave said.  "That was a long time ago.  And if I
remember correctly, it was YOU that was scared to go near
that shack.  You called it the Devil House.  Don'tcha
remember that?  Mark and I hid all of our comic books
there."
     "You guys did not!"  She smiled.
     Mark laughed at the childhood memory.  "It was a good
spot 'til that Ronnie Cummings kid -- was that his name?  --
found them and took them home."
     "Hey, I remember him," Jamie said.  "He was a real jerk.
I'm glad he moved."
     "Yeah, he was the one who was always mocking the girls
in the playground just to make them cry... no one seemed to
like him too much," Dave said.
     "Hey, uh... guys?  I think we'd better get to moving the
rest of the stuff in, or we'll be sittin' here talkin' all
night," said Mark.
     The three of them walked out into the hall, whose pine
green carpeting was well-worn and whose walls were papered in
a garish silver and blue print that played tricks to seeing
eyes.  The halls had a strange odor to them, one of ethnic
tenants and chlorine.  In the lobby, Jamie gave a weak smile
to an older man sitting in one of the worn, tattered couches.
The vigor of his youth was long gone.  The wink he directed
to her looked not charming but more like an obscene gesture.
     Mark's van was parked by the side entrance, and they
gathered around the back hatch, which Mark unlocked.  "Let's
see here, Dave, we've got your couch, the table, two more
chairs, and lots of clothes."
     "I guess I'll take the clothes," Dave said.  Flakes of
snow stuck to his glasses and wet his blonde hair.
     Jamie looked comfortable in her suede jacket, and her
long auburn hair kept her head sort of warm, but Mark, who
said he was cold, looked like he had no intention of
loitering in the wintry weather.  He handed a chair to Jamie
and took one for himself.  Their loads were brought back to
the apartment, after which they came back down for the couch.
In passing the lobby, Jamie intentionally avoided being
probed by the old man's eyes by inconspicuously hiding behind
Mark's other shoulder.  The man's mere presence gave her an
uncomfortable feeling in the pit of her stomach.  She took a
deep breath, and released it when they went outside, where it
became a cold wisp of vapor for a brief moment.
     "Doesn't it smell good out here?" Dave asked.
     "Yeah," said Jamie.  "It's kinda fresh, countryish
sorta."
     "This IS the country, sorta," said Mark.
     Jamie thought for a second.  "Hmm... maybe that's why."
     "Jamie, you wanna hold that end?  I can't carry this
couch alone."
     They brought it up to the apartment, and by their last
trip out for the table, they'd already gotten used to the
hallway's smell.  The old man erupted into a terrible fit of
coughing, and put his head down.  The table was surprisingly
lightweight, and they were able to bring it into Dave's
kitchen with ease.  After things were pretty much in order,
they were feeling parched and hungry.  "It's only eight-
thirty on a Friday night," Mark said.  "Hell, we should order
somethin'.  You guys wanna pick up some pizza or something
like that?"
     Dave got up from his chair.  "Anything but Chinese food,
I don't want to be hungry a half hour later!"
     "Yeah, well I'm starving," Jamie said from the couch.
She got up, put her jacket on over her wool sweater, and lit
up a cigarette.  She motioned the box to Mark, who eagerly
took one.  She then handed Dave his white cane.
     "Ahh, thanks, Darling," he said.
     "My pleasure," she replied.  "Do you want to drive?"
Mark laughed and placed his keys into Dave's hand.
     "Okay," Dave said with a chuckle.  "Let's go!"
     "Then c'mon, partner," Jamie told him and she placed her
hand on his shoulder.  He appeared exalted through his
scratched shades.  Mark was already out the door.  "Well,
dudes, I'm wait-ing."
     They locked up the apartment and strolled down the hall,
Dave using his cane in the way a swordfighter brandishes his
weapon.  "Touche!" he said as he blindly took a swing, gently
striking Mark on the back.  Laughing as they went out the
glass door into the chilly evening, Jamie didn't even look at
the old man.  She was too busy talking to her friends.
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
           (313)558-5024 {14.4} (313)558-5517
              A BBS for text file junkies
              RPGNet GM File Archive Site
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
                    Silver Blaze
  "I am afraid, Watson that I shall have to go," said Holmes as
we sat down together to our breakfast one morning.
  "Go! Where to?"
  "To Dartmoor; to King's Pyland."
  I was not surprised. Indeed, my only wonder was that he had
not already been mixed up in this extraordinary case, which was
the one topic of conversation through the length and breadth of
England. For a whole day my companion had rambled about the
room with his chin upon his chest and his brows knitted, charg-
ing and recharging his pipe with the strongest black tobacco, and
absolutely deaf to any of my questions or remarks. Fresh editions
of every paper had been sent up by our news agent, only to be
glanced over and tossed down into a corner. Yet, silent as he
was, I knew perfectly well what it was over which he was
brooding. There was but one problem before the public which
could challenge his powers of analysis, and that was the singular
disappearance of the favourite for the Wessex Cup, and the
tragic murder of its trainer. When, therefore, he suddenly an-
nounced his intention of setting out for the scene of the drama, it
was only what I had both expected and hoped for.
  "I should be most happy to go down with you if I should not
be in the way," said I.
  "My dear Watson, you would confer a great favour upon me
by coming. And I think that your time will not be misspent, for
there are points about the case which promise to make it an
absolutely unique one. We have, I think, just time to catch our
train at Paddington, and I will go further into the matter upon our
journey. You would oblige me by bringing with you your very
excellent field-glass."
  And so it happened that an hour or so later I found myself in
the corner of a first-class carriage flying along en route for
Exeter, while Sherlock Holmes, with his sharp, eager face framed
in his ear-flapped travelling-cap, dipped rapidly into the bundle
of fresh papers which he had procured at Paddington. We had
left Reading far behind us before he thrust the last one of them
under the seat and offered me his cigar-case.
  "We are going well," said he, looking out of the window and
glancing at his watch. "Our rate at present is fifty-three and a
half miles an hour."
  "I have not observed the quarter-mile posts," said I.
  "Nor have I. But the telegraph posts upon this line are sixty
yards apart, and the calculation is a simple one. I presume that
you have looked into this matter of the murder of John Straker
and the disappearance of Silver Blaze?"
  "I have seen what the Telegraph and the Chronicle have to
say."
  "It is one of those cases where the art of the reasoner should
be used rather for the sifting of details than for the acquiring of
fresh evidence. The tragedy has been so uncommon, so com-
plete, and of such personal importance to so many people that
we are suffering from a plethora of surmise, conjecture, and
hypothesis. The difficulty is to detach the framework of fact -- of
absolute undeniable fact -- from the embellishments of theorists
and reporters. Then, having established ourselves upon this sound
basis, it is our duty to see what inferences may be drawn and
what are the special points upon which the whole mystery turns.
On Tuesday evening I received telegrams from both Colonel
Ross, the owner of the horse, and from Inspector Gregory, who
is looking after the case, inviting my cooperation."
  "Tuesday evening!" I exclaimed. "And this is Thursday
morning. Why didn't you go down yesterday?"
  "Because I made a blunder, my dear Watson -- which is, I am
afraid, a more common occurrence than anyone would think
who only knew me through your memoirs. The fact is that I
could not believe it possible that the most remarkable horse in
England could long remain concealed, especially in so sparsely
inhabited a place as the north of Dartmoor. From hour to hour
yesterday I expected to hear that he had been found, and that his
abductor was the murderer of John Straker. When, however,
another morning had come and I found that beyond the arrest of
young Fitzroy Simpson nothing had been done, I felt that it was
time for me to take action. Yet in some ways I feel that yester-
day has not been wasted."
  "You have formed a theory, then?"
  "At least I have got a grip of the essential facts of the case. I
shall enumerate them to you, for nothing clears up a case so
much as stating it to another person, and I can hardly expect
your cooperation if I do not show you the position from which
we start."
  I lay back against the cushions, puffing at my cigar, while
Holmes, leaning forward, with his long, thin forefinger checking
off the points upon the palm of his left hand, gave me a sketch of
the events which had led to our journey.
  "Silver Blaze," said he, "is from the Somomy stock and
holds as brilliant a record as his famous ancestor. He is now in
his fifth year and has brought in turn each of the prizes of the
turf to Colonel Ross, his fortunate owner. Up to the time of the
catastrophe he was the first favourite for the Wessex Cup, the
betting being three to one on him. He has always, however, been
a prime favourite with the racing public and has never yet
disappointed them, so that even at those odds enormous sums of
money have been laid upon him. It is obvious, therefore, that
there were many people who had the strongest interest in pre-
venting Silver Blaze from being there at the fall of the flag next
Tuesday.
  "The fact was, of course, appreciated at King's Pyland, where
the colonel's training-stable is situated. Every precaution was
taken to guard the favourite. The trainer, John Straker, is a
retired jockey who rode in Colonel Ross's colours before he
became too heavy for the weighing-chair. He has served the
colonel for five years as jockey and for seven as trainer, and has
always shown himself to be a zealous and honest servant. Under
him were three lads, for the establishment was a small one,
containing only four horses in all. One of these lads sat up each
night in the stable, while the others slept in the loft. All three
bore excellent characters. John Straker, who is a married man
lived in a small villa about two hundred yards from the stables.
He has no children, keeps one maidservant, and is comfortably
off. The country round is very lonely, but about half a mile to
the north there is a small cluster of villas which have been built
by a Tavistock contractor for the use of invalids and others who
may wish to enjoy the pure Dartmoor air. Tavistock itself lies
two miles to the west, while across the moor, also about two
miles distant, is the larger training establishment of Mapleton,
which belongs to Lord Backwater and is managed by Silas
Brown. In every other direction the moor is a complete wilder-
ness, inhabited only by a few roaming gypsies. Such was the
general situation last Monday night when the catastrophe occurred.
  "On that evening the horses had been exercised and watered
as usual, and the stables were locked up at nine o'clock. Two of
the lads walked up to the trainer's house, where they had supper
in the kitchen, while the third, Ned Hunter, remained on guard.
At a few minutes after nine the maid, Edith Baxter, carried down
to the stables his supper, which consisted of a dish of curried
mutton. She took no liquid, as there was a water-tap in the
stables, and it was the rule that the lad on duty should drink
nothing else. The maid carried a lantern with her, as it was very
dark and the path ran across the open moor.
  "Edith Baxter was within thirty yards of the stables when a
man appeared out of the darkness and called to her to stop. As
she stepped into the circle of yellow light thrown by the lantern
she saw that he was a person of gentlemanly bearing, dressed in
a gray suit of tweeds, with a cloth cap. He wore gaiters and
carried a heavy stick with a knob to it. She was most impressed,
however, by the extreme pallor of his face and by the nervous-
ness of his manner. His age, she thought, would be rather over
thirty than under it.
  " 'Can you tell me where I am?' he asked. 'I had almost
made up my mind to sleep on the moor when I saw the light of
your lantern.'
  " 'You are close to the King's Pyland training stables,' said
she.
  " 'Oh, indeed! What a stroke of luck!' he cried. 'I understand
that a stable-boy sleeps there alone every night. Perhaps that is
his supper which you are carrying to him. Now I am sure that
you would not be too proud to earn the price of a new dress,
would you?' He took a piece of white paper folded up out of his
waistcoat pocket. 'See that the boy has this to-night, and you
shall have the prettiest frock that money can buy.'
  "She was frightened by the earnestness of his manner and ran
past him to the window through which she was accustomed to
hand the meals. It was already opened, and Hunter was seated at
the small table inside. She had begun to tell him of what had
happened when the stranger came up again.
  " 'Good-evening,' said he, looking through the window. 'I
wanted to have a word with you.' The girl has sworn that as he
spoke she noticed the corner of the little paper packet protruding
from his closed hand.
  " 'What business have you here?' asked the lad.
  " 'It's business that may put something into your pocket.'
said the other. 'You've two horses in for the Wessex Cup --
Silver Blaze and Bayard. Let me have the straight tip and you
won't be a loser. Is it a fact that at the weights Bayard could give
the other a hundred yards in five furlongs, and that the stable
have put their money on him?'
  " 'So, you're one of those damned touts!' cried the lad. 'I'll
show you how we serve them in King's Pyland.' He sprang up
and rushed across the stable to unloose the dog. The girl fled
away to the house, but as she ran she looked back and saw that
the stranger was leaning through the window. A minute later,
however, when Hunter rushed out with the hound he was gone,
and though he ran all round the buildings he failed to find any
trace of him."
  "One moment," I asked. "Did the stable-boy, when he ran
out with the dog, leave the door unlocked behind him?"
  "Excellent, Watson, excellent!" murmured my companion.
"The importance of the point struck me so forcibly that I sent a
special wire to Dartmoor yesterday to clear the matter up. The
boy locked the door before he left it. The window, I may add,
was not large enough for a man to get through.
  "Hunter waited until his fellow-grooms had returned, when he
sent a message to the trainer and told him what had occurred.
Straker was excited at hearing the account, although he does not
seem to have quite realized its true significance. It left him,
however, vaguely uneasy, and Mrs. Straker, waking at one in
the morning, found that he was dressing. In reply to her inquir-
ies, he said that he could not sleep on account of his anxiety
about the horses, and that he intended to walk down to the
stables to see that all was well. She begged him to remain at
home, as she could hear the rain pattering against the window,
but in spite of her entreaties he pulled on his large mackintosh
and left the house.
  "Mrs. Straker awoke at seven in the morning to find that her
husband had not yet returned. She dressed herself hastily, called
the maid, and set off for the stables. The door was open; inside,
huddled together upon a chair, Hunter was sunk in a state of
absolute stupor, the favourite's stall was empty, and there were
no signs of his trainer.
  "The two lads who slept in the chaff-cutting loft above the
harness-room were quickly aroused. They had heard nothing
during the night, for they are both sound sleepers. Hunter was
obviously under the influence of some powerful drug, and as no
sense could be got out of him, he was left to sleep it off while
the two lads and the two women ran out in search of the
absentees. They still had hopes that the trainer had for some
reason taken out the horse for early exercise, but on ascending
the knoll near the house, from which all the neighbouring moors
were visible, they not only could see no signs of the missing
favourite, but they perceived something which warned them that
they were in the presence of a tragedy.
  "About a quarter of a mile from the stables John Straker's
overcoat was flapping from a furze-bush. Immediately beyond
there was a bowl-shaped depression in the moor, and at the
bottom of this was found the dead body of the unfortunate
trainer. His head had been shattered by a savage blow from some
heavy weapon, and he was wounded on the thigh, where there
was a long, clean cut, inflicted evidently by some very sharp
instrument. It was clear, however, that Straker had defended
himself vigorously against his assailants, for in his right hand he
held a small knife, which was clotted with blood up to the
handle, while in his left he clasped a red and black silk cravat,
which was recognized by the maid as having been worn on the
preceding evening by the stranger who had visited the stables.
Hunter, on recovering from his stupor, was also quite positive as
to the ownership of the cravat. He was equally certain that the
same stranger had, while standing at the window, drugged his
curried mutton, and so deprived the stables of their watchman.
As to the missing horse, there were abundant proofs in the mud
which lay at the bottom of the fatal hollow that he had been there
at the time of the struggle. But from that morning he has
disappeared, and although a large reward has been offered, and
all the gypsies of Dartmoor are on the alert, no news has come of
him. Finally, an analysis has shown that the remains of his
supper left by the stable-lad contained an appreciable quantity of
powdered opium, while the people at the house partook of the
same dish on the same night without any ill effect.
  "Those are the main facts of the case, stripped of all surmise,
and stated as baldly as possible. I shall now recapitulate what the
police have done in the matter.
  "Inspector Gregory, to whom the case has been committed, is
an extremely competent officer. Were he but gifted with imagi-
nation he might rise to great heights in his profession. On his
arrival he promptly found and arrested the man upon whom
suspicion naturally rested. There was little difficulty in finding
him, for he inhabited one of those villas which I have men-
tioned. His name, it appears, was Fitzroy Simpson. He was a
man of excellent birth and education, who had squandered a
fortune upon the turf. and who lived now by doing a little quiet
and genteel book-making in the sporting clubs of London. An
examination of his betting-book shows that bets to the amount of
five thousand pounds had been registered by him against the
favourite. On being arrested he volunteered the statement that he
had come down to Dartmoor in the hope of getting some informa-
tion about the King's Pyland horses, and also about Desborough,
the second favourite, which was in charge of Silas Brown at the
Mapleton stables. He did not attempt to deny that he had acted as
described upon the evening before, but declared that he had no
sinister designs and had simply wished to obtain first-hand infor-
mation. When confronted with his cravat he turned very pale and
was utterly unable to account for its presence in the hand of the
murdered man. His wet clothing showed that he had been out in
the storm of the night before, and his stick, which was a penang-
lawyer weighted with lead, was just such a weapon as might, by
repeated blows, have inflicted the terrible injuries to which the
trainer had succumbed. On the other hand, there was no wound
upon his person, while the state of Straker's knife would show
that one at least of his assailants must bear his mark upon him.
There you have it all in a nutshell, Watson, and if you can give
me any light I shall be infinitely obliged to you."
  I had listened with the greatest interest to the statement which
Holmes, with characteristic clearness, had laid before me. Though
most of the facts were familiar to me, I had not sufficiently
appreciated their relative importance, nor their connection to
each other.
  "Is it not possible," I suggested, "that the incised wound
upon Straker may have been caused by his own knife in the
convulsive struggles which follow any brain injury?"
  "It is more than possible; it is probable," said Holmes. "In
that case one of the main points in favour of the accused
disappears."
  "And yet," said I, "even now I fail to understand what the
theory of the police can be."
  "I am afraid that whatever theory we state has very grave
objections to it," returned my companion. "The police imagine,
I take it, that this Fitzroy Simpson, having drugged the lad, and
having in some way obtained a duplicate key, opened the stable
door and took out the horse, with the intention, apparently, of
kidnapping him altogether. His bridle is missing, so that Simp-
son must have put this on. Then, having left the door open
behind him, he was leading the horse away over the moor when
he was either met or overtaken by the trainer. A row naturally
ensued. Simpson beat out the trainer's brains with his heavy
stick without receiving any injury from the small knife which
Straker used in self-defence, and then the thief either led the
horse on to some secret hiding-place, or else it may have bolted
during the struggle, and be now wandering out on the moors.
That is the case as it appears to the police, and improbable as it
is, all other explanations are more improbable still. However, I
shall very quickly test the matter when I am once upon the spot,
and until then I cannot really see how we can get much further
than our present position."
  It was evening before we reached the little town of Tavistock,
which lies, like the boss of a shield, in the middle of the huge
circle of Dartmoor. Two gentlemen were awaiting us in the
station -- the one a tall, fair man with lion-like hair and beard and
curiously penetrating light blue eyes; the other a small, alert
person, very neat and dapper, in a frock-coat and gaiters, with
trim little side-whiskers and an eyeglass. The latter was Colonel
Ross, the well-known sportsman; the other, Inspector Gregory; a
man who was rapidly making his name in the English detective
service.
  "I am delighted that you have come down, Mr. Holmes,"
said the colonel. "The inspector here has done all that could
possibly be suggested, but I wish to leave no stone unturned in
trying to avenge poor Straker and in recovering my horse."
  "Have there been any fresh developments?" asked Holmes.
  "I am sorry to say that we have made very little progress,"
said the inspector. "We have an open carriage outside, and as
you would no doubt like to see the place before the light fails,
we might talk it over as we drive."
  A minute later we were all seated in a comfortable landau and
were rattling through the quaint old Devonshire city. Inspector
Gregory was full of his case and poured out a stream of remarks,
while Holmes threw in an occasional question or interjection.
Colonel Ross leaned back with his arms folded and his hat tilted
over his eyes, while I listened with interest to the dialogue of the
two detectives. Gregory was formulating his theory, which was
almost exactly what Holmes had foretold in the train.
  "The net is drawn pretty close round Fitzroy Simpson," he
remarked, "and I believe myself that he is our man. At the same
time I recognize that the evidence is purely circumstantial, and
that some new development may upset it."
  "How about Straker's knife?"
  "We have quite come to the conclusion that he wounded
himself in his fall."
  "My friend Dr. Watson made that suggestion to me as we
came down. If so, it would tell against this man Simpson."
  "Undoubtedly. He has neither a knife nor any sign of a
wound. The evidence against him is certainly very strong. He
had a great interest in the disappearance of the favourite. He lies
under suspicion of having poisoned the stable-boy; he was un-
doubtedly out in the storm; he was armed with a heavy stick, and
his cravat was found in the dead man's hand. I really think we
have enough to go before a jury."
  Holmes shook his head. "A clever counsel would tear it all to
rags," said he. "Why should he take the horse out of the stable?
If he wished to injure it, why could he not do it there? Has a
duplicate key been found in his possession? What chemist sold
him the powdered opium? Above all, where could he, a stranger
to the district, hide a horse, and such a horse as this? What is his
own explanation as to the paper which he wished the maid to
give to the stable-boy?"
  "He says that it was a ten-pound note. One was found in his
purse. But your other difficulties are not so formidable as they
seem. He is not a stranger to the district. He has twice lodged at
Tavistock in the summer. The opium was probably brought from
London. The key, having served its purpose, would be hurled
away. The horse may be at the bottom of one of the pits or old
mines upon the moor."
  "What does he say about the cravat?"
  "He acknowledges that it is his and declares that he had lost
it. But a new element has been introduced into the case which
may account for his leading the horse from the stable."
  Holmes pricked up his ears.
