lesson and the g-forces began to decrease.  "We are clear of the
atmosphere" Valerta declared "ETA to Vigilante 2 minutes".
    "Lieutenant Commander Golta to Vigilante". Golta sounded
relieved.
    "Kartang here." was the immediate reply.
    "Prepare to fix on my signal and transport directly to Sick
bay".
    "Acknowledged."
    "Entering Vigilante's shields." Valerta reported.
    As soon as the drop ship entered the shield sphere Golta and
Ensign Mueller disappeared.
-----------
    Still dressed in full armor and walking back to shuttle bay
three is how Lieutenant Whitecloud found Golta.  She had already
showered and changed to her duty uniform when she went looking
for him.
    Lieutenant Anndrea Whitecloud had shoulder length black
hair, tide back in a pony tail and held with a small silver and
turquoise clasp.  Her skin was still brown from the outdoor
lifestyle she lived on earth before volunteering for this
mission.
    "Sir, How is Ensign Mueller?" she said as she turned back to
where she had just come in order to walk with him.
    "Ensign Mueller will recover shortly."
    Whitecloud noticed that the cut on Golta's temple had been
healed but left as a scar.  "I see that the Meds on this ship
are familiar with proper Kalonian care."
    "Yes, one of the perks of having a Kalonian as First
Officer."
    "Sir, have you discovered why Mueller's suit failed?"
    "I investigated it before I allowed them to remove him from
it.  Apparently, Ensign Mueller was too anxious to get out of
the armor and disengaged one backup system too many."
    "Then the fault was his and not the suit?"
    "Correct, the suit did not fail, Ensign Mueller did."
    The pair turned a final corner and headed into the shuttle
bay.
-----------
    Later that day Ensign Whitecloud sat cross legged in the
front room of her quarters.  In front of her, on a low stand was
a large, half finished painting, her current project.  It was
the picture of a large brown bird with a white head and yellow
beak and talons.  It soared over blue-gray mountains far below.
She meticulously painted each feather of the bird.
    Anndrea was so preoccupied with her painting she did not
hear her room mate come in, but knew she was there.
    "What is it?" the other woman said.
    Anndrea was not easily startled or distracted she took the
time to finish the area she was working on before turning her
attention.
    "It's a Bald Eagle."
    "I've heard of eagles before." said the woman "but I've
never seen a real one.  Have you?"
    Anndrea looked at her room mate.  With short bright red hair
Janice was at the extreme opposite end of the scale then her.
    "I took my leave of absence to work in a breading reserve
for these birds."
    "I've only been to Earth for short vacations and shore
leave."  Janice said as she took off her uniform jacket and
threw it on her bed.  "And, I've always spent that time shopping
in the big cities.  I love discovering new cities."
    "You've never spent any time visiting the Earth wilderness?"
    "It just never seemed to be a priority.  I've always been
fascinated by what people have built.  Earth has such a rich
history, it's like traveling back in time."  Janice had wandered
into the other room, she was laying on her bunk looking out at
Anndrea.
    "I heard that you grew up on VEGA-5" Anndrea said while she
packed up her paints.
    "Yea, I lived on the streets until I was twelve."  Janice
replied uninterested.
    "I would think that you would have had enough of cities."
She said as she secured the unfinished painting on a wall near a
finished picture of a traditional Native American encampment.
    "Enough of cities?  Are you nuts, cities are my home, I
don't feel comfortable without people around me."  Janice had
rolled onto her back and was looking up at the ceiling, her
short red hair hung over the foot of her bunk.  Painted on the
ceiling was the shadow of a coyote against a full moon.  It was
Whitecloud's first contribution to decorating the room.  Under
the painting Whitecloud had recently added a poem she'd found in
the computer's library.  She thought it was from a collection
the Captain had up loaded.
        Go to the Wild that waits for me;
        Go where the moose and the musk-ox be;
        Go to the wolf and the secret snows;
        Go to my fate...who knows, who knows!
                                          R.W.S.
    "Tell me," Janice said "everybody know's how and why I came
to be here, what's your story?"
    "It's not very interesting."  Whitecloud said sitting on her
own bed across from Janice.
    Janice sat up and looked at her room mate. "I'm interested."
she said.
    "Well" Anndrea began "I was born on Earth in what is known
as a 'reservation'.  Reservations are areas in North America
that were set aside for Native Americans to live as separate
cultural entities.  Some still live traditional ancient
lifestyles and many are moving back to them.  It is the current
thought that if you are not going to live a traditional
lifestyle, why live on the reservation.
    "My parents, in fact my tribe, was obsessed with returning
to the ancient way of life.  It was decided that it was
impossible to do on Earth.  That the land was not suited for
people to be living off of it with out also depending on the
modern world.  As a people, they decided to look else where for
a place to colonize in a 'traditional Native American culture'.
    "The tribe applied to the Infiniti West Corporation for a
land grant.  Since we were the first large traditional group to
apply to the I.W.C. for colonization we were granted a very
generous portion.  In order to pay for transportation the tribe
sold it's lands and boarded a colony ship for Infiniti West.  I
was two years old when we walked off our ancestral land for the
last time.  My mother told me that ...."
    ....A darkly tanned teenage girl rode a tall brown horse
across an endless prairie.  She rode bare back accept for the
bedroll and other camping supplies strapped behind her.  She had
long, straight, black hair tied back by a thin leather thong
with a bright red feather hanging from it.  She wore a simple
brown buck-skin dress decorated with small beads and fringe.
With her, rode two younger males both dressed in similar
primitive garb.
    They topped a small hill and looked out over the endless
plain around them.  "How far do you think?" the older of the
boys asked the girl.
    "We could be home late tonight." she said.
    "I can't wait to tell them about the mountains" said the
younger boy.
    "It's amazing, that after all these years, the tribe's never
gone that far east" said the first boy.
    "It may have," replied the girl "we just don't remember."
    "I'd think somebody would have mentioned mountains that
reach beyond the clouds." said the older boy.
    The girl looked at the boy and said "We came here all the
way from EARTH."  almost in awe of the fact. "Do you think that
any mountains would have impressed them?"
    "You believe that?" the younger boy said "My brother told me
that the story about Earth and the Federation is just a campfire
story."
    "Your brother is just a trouble maker, he's almost old
enough to remember." replied the girl.
    "If this Federation tribe really existed then why have we
never seen them?" the younger boy insisted.
    "Never seen them?" the girl looked astonished "what about
the ships we see in the sky at night?"
    "I don't see ships," the boy continued repeating his
brother's words "I only see lights.  We've just been told
they're ships, to keep us in line 'behave yourself, or we'll
send you up to the Federation'.  Every parent uses that, they
say you just sparkle and disappear. I've never seen anybody just
sparkle and disappear, have you?"
    During the conversation the older boy was looking to the
west in the direction they had been riding.  "What's that?" he
said pointing to the horizon.
    A faint orange glow had appeared on the horizon and was
growing.
    The girl looked at it for a second and said "I don't know,
but its getting bigger".
    "It's not getting bigger," the older boy said "it's getting
closer.".
    "It's a Space Ship!" the younger boy shouted excitedly.
    As the ship got closer they could hear the roar of its
engines.  It was wedge shaped and looked slightly battered.  As
it got closer, it started to gain altitude.  When it was over
them the three were jumping and waving at it.  It seemed to
wiggle a bit as if it were waving back at them.  Within minutes,
it had shrunk to a dot above them, then disappeared.
    "Wow that was great." the younger boy said now in total awe.
    "I thought you didn't believe in space ships." the girl said
with a laugh.
    "I do now.  What do you think it was doing here? I wonder if
the clan saw it"
    "I would think so, It must have flown right over them." the
girl replied.
    The older boy had turned toward the west again and was
squinting at the horizon.
    "What is it," the other boy said "is there another one?".
    "No."
    "What is it?" the girl asked now looking back to the horizon
herself.
    "I think I see smoke." the older boy said cautiously.
    "That's impossible, we never build fires like that."
    "I know, that's why I'm worried."
    The girl leaned forward over her horse's neck and squinted
at the horizon.  "My God," she said "I see it too."
    "That's were Camp should be." the older boy added.
    They sat and looked at each other for a moment then kicked
their horses to a gallop.  Heading toward a faint pillar of
smoke on the horizon in the mid-morning sun the trio rode harder
then they ever had.
    As the day wore on, the smoke slowly dissipated but the
three still rode hard.  With the sun settling on the ground
ahead of them the youths crested a hill over camp.  Ahead of
them was what they feared most.  The remains of tee-pees lay
smoldering where they had stood just a few days earlier.  About
them lay their former possessions and other charred debris.
    The trio sat on their horses staring at the scene, unmoving.
No one moved for minutes, finally the girl slid from her horse
and ran down the hill.  The other two soon followed leaving the
three horses on the hill.
    They instinctively ran to the places their own tents once
stood, but there was no sign of life.  The youngest boy stood in
the middle of a smoldering black patch of earth, crying.  The
older boy sat on a log next to his tent, his favorite place to
watch the sun set.  The girl began examining the wreckage trying
to discover what had happened.
    She finally looked closely at some of the blackened debris,
she barely recognized it as a person.
    "Were are all the people?" she could hear the younger boy
say.
    "They're right here." she whispered as the shock set in.
    She heard some moaning but it wasn't coming from her friends
it was from someplace else.  She straightened up and listen for
the sound, it was coming from the creek.
    She ran to the bank but was afraid to look over, at first.
When she did, she wasn't sure what she saw.  Laying in the mud
at the edge of the stream appeared to be a woman covered in mud
and grime.  A large black holed was burned in her back and blood
poured from the many cuts and gouges over her body.  As the girl
approached she thought she looked familiar but wasn't sure.  It
wasn't until she recognized the remains of an anklet the woman
wore did she know whom she approached.
    "Mom!" she cried and fell to her knees in the mud next to
the woman.
    The woman opened her eyes, still bright and clear,
"Anndrea," she whispered "thank God you weren't here.."
    Anndrea cradled her mother's head in her lap "don't worry
mom, you'll be all right, I promise." she said through her
tears.
    "No dear," the woman choked "my time has come, I just ....
for you, my love."
    "Who did this, why?" Anndrea gasped.
    "Pirates...don't know why...just came." the woman turned to
look at her daughter.  "You must leave this place, this planet
has nothing left for you...promise me...go to the Fort...go to
the Federation .."
    "I promise" the girl cried.
    Bubbles of blood formed on the woman's lips as she exhaled
her last breath.
    The three children sat on their horses over looking the
favorite summer valley of their clan.  From behind them, the
morning sun cast long shadows in front of them towards their
past.  They could not identify any of the rest of the clan, they
just left them where they were.  Outside of the village circle
was the single grave they had spent the night digging.
    Anndrea turned to her two friends and said "I'm going to the
Fort."
    "Aren't you going with us to the other clan?" the older boy
asked.
    "No, I promised I would leave, and that is what I'm going to
do."
    "I want to leave too." the younger boy said as tears poured
down his face.
    "You must find the other clan, that is where you belong.
The tribe must know of what has happened here."
    They were all too tired to argue, they hugged each other
from their horses then parted ways.  The girl headed north and
the two boys headed south.
    A darkly tanned teenage girl rode a tall brown horse  across
an endless prairie.  She rode bare back accept for the bedroll
and other camping supplies strapped behind her.  She had long,
straight black hair tied back by a thin leather thong with a
bright red feather hanging from it.  She wore a simple brown
buck-skin dress decorated with small beads and fringe.  Ahead of
the girl was a large walled compound with two large doors
standing open, waiting for her....
    Whitecloud never finished her sentence, just sat looking
into the room.
    'What ever happened to her on Infiniti West must still be
too hard to speak of' O'Malley thought.  Janice sat next to
Anndrea and held her while she cried for her memories.  Even
warriors were allowed to cry, occasionally.
    Anndrea sat up pushed her hair out of her face "I have my
first solo command in a few hours, I'd better start prepareing."
she stood and went into the head.
-----------
    "Captain Anthony, Sir, I read a ship entering this sector."
It was O'Malley's turn to stand watch on the sensors.
    "Can you project a course for it yet?" the Captain asked
from the Command room.
    "Yes Sir, it's current trajectory will bring it on a tangent
to this system.  They won't need to alter their course until the
last minute to enter.  At current warp ETA is, 5 hours 15
minutes."
    "Keep an eye on them, if they show any sign of actually
paying this system a visit let me know."
    "Aye, sir"
    Several hours later Captain Anthony sat in his quarters
reviewing deployment scenarios submitted by Lt Commanders
Kartang and Golta when the yellow alert signal light came on.
At the same time there was the piping sound on the ship wide
communications followed by commander Tarva saying  "Captain
Anthony, report to the bridge."
    Anthony hit his comm button and said "I'm on my way." then
headed into the hall.  Two meters down the hall a turbo lift
stood opened waiting for him.  When he entered, the door shut
quickly and the lift accelerated toward the bridge without
command.
    "Commander Tarva, Report." Anthony said as soon as he
stepped off the lift.
    The rest of the main bridge crew was already at their
stations.
    "Sir, the incoming ship has continued its course on a
tangent to this system but we have picked up extremely intense
scanners directed towards the system.  The yellow alert was
automatically activated by ACT.  It seems that the system
perceives these scans as a threat and has begun shifting the
cloaking frequencies to compensate." Tarva reported.
    "Automatic frequency shifting is designed to compensate for
the intense Borg scanners." Anthony said as he took his chair.
Then after some thought asked "Do we have a make on the ship
yet?"
    "Sir all we have is that it's a Federation Pentalia class,
perhaps a scout ship." Ensign O'Malley reported.
    "Sir, there are no Federation scanner systems that would
cause ACT to automatically initiate phase frequency shifting of
the cloaking." Commander Norton said.
    "Perhaps, you should say there are no systems that we are
aware of." Anthony commented with a smile.
    "That, would be more accurate." Norton agreed.
    "Perhaps we should bring in any training missions we have
out." Tarva suggested.
    "Agreed." Commander Norton said then signaled the 'Cavern'
"Lieutenant Commander Kartang, are there any training teams
planet side?"
    "A drop ship is collecting the last team at this time."
Kartang replied.
    "Please keep us appraised of their progress."
    "Aye Sir, Kartang out."
    "Sir," Ensign O'Malley said "the ship has dropped out of
warp and is concentrating it's scans on this area."
    "That's not possible," Tarva said "it couldn't possibly read
us from that distance and there's no way it could see the team
on the surface."
    "Have all hands prepare for silent running." Anthony said to
Tarva then to Norton "Have they zeroed in on anything yet?"
    "No sir, they just keep doing wide sweeps, like their seeing
shadows or something."
    "Ensign O'Malley what's their current status?" Anthony
turned to the red head.
    "Sir, they're heading toward us now at three quarters
impulse, they should be here in about forty eight minutes."
    "I read a high energy release on the planet" Norton
reported.
    "Bridge, Drop Ship Control here." came Kartang's voice over
the intercom.
    "Go ahead." replied Commander Tarva.
    "Sir, Drop Ship 21 has crashed on lift off" Kartang said
almost frantically.
    "Survivors?" Captain Anthony demanded.
    "With the storm and the ACT systems in the ship and suits it
is impossible to tell.  Sir, request permission to launch a
rescue mission!"
    "How many unaccounted for?"
    "Two pilots and a full sixteen member landing team."
    "Sir," O'Malley Interrupted "The ship has increased to full
impulse and has a projected course to enter our exact orbit.
New ETA five minutes."
    "They have concentrated full scanner activity on the area of
the crash site."  Norton added.
    Anthony swung his command chair around to get a full look at
his bridge crew.  All, like himself, were strapped into their
duty chairs in preparation for silent running.  "Mr. Norton,
initiate silent running.  Mr. Kartang, permission denied, send a
message to any survivors to hang tight we'll come get them as
soon as possible.  Helm take us to an opposite geo-synchronous
orbit, maybe we can repeat that incident with the Raptor."
    The Vigilante adjusted it's current geo-synchronous orbit
over their training area to one directly on the opposite side of
the planet.  The movement was so smooth it was not perceptible
to any of the crew.
    "Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from the surface, audio
only." Norton said.
    "Put it on the speaker"
    The speakers for the view screen immediately erupted in
static.  "This is the best I can do" Norton said as he made
adjustments.
    A female voice could barely be heard through the noise:
<Vigilante...twelve...survive...suits held..one day...failure..>
the rest of the message was inaudible.
    "What are they doing, don't they know we have company?"
Tarva said.
    "They did not acknowledge our warnings to them just before
the crash." Norton advised her.
    "Sir, the Ship has taken up orbit where predicted, and they
have shields at maximum." Norton reported.  He then made new
adjustments at the comm center "I now have a transmission from
the ship, directed to the planet."
    The sound was much cleaner and a male voice said:
<Attention planet side, this is the U.S.S. Delphi, please
identify yourselves, we are prepared to offer assistance if
needed.>
    Anthony immediately turned to Commander Norton and said "Get
me all you can on the Delphi and the Pentalia class ships."
    "Aye, Sir." Norton said as he started working his console.
    "Captain," O'Malley spoke up "The Delphi has transported an
away team to the planet."
    "How close to our people is their team?" Tarva asked.
    "Can't tell, the armor is deflecting our scans."
    There had been a long pause from the planet then the high
static began again and the female voice came back:
 <This...private registry trans...Vigi..., request evacuat...six
survive.>
    "My God, they've lost twelve." Ensign O'Malley whispered.
    "If they get evacuated, they'll initiate Drop Ship self
destruct." Tarva said.  She then turned to the intercom and
signaled Chief Swanson.
    <Say again, how many survivors?  Our scans do not indicate
any lifesigns.>
    "Swanson, here." came a woman's voice.
    "Chief, we need to beam aboard all personnel on the far side
of the planet, can we do it?" Tarva said quickly.
    "We're currently out of range, sir."
    "Damn, the planet's in the way" Anthony said "Helm, move us
into transport range best speed."
    "Aye, Sir." replied the helmsman.
    "Prepare to transport." Tarva said to the intercom then
immediately started entering timings and frequencies to
coordinate the transport.
    After another long pause, the voice came back:
<...sheltered...debris. There...six, repeat six...request...
evacuation...>
    <Confirmed, we now read six survivors, prepare for emergency
transport.>
    O'Malley then reported "The survivors of the Drop Ship have
been transported, the away team is still on the planet."
    "Tarva to Chief Swanson prepare to transport."
    "Watching for the signal, now." she replied.
    "Sir," Norton said "I have the specs for the Pentalia class
ships but I'm unable to find any registry for the Delphi, in any
class."
    "Who ever they are, they have six of my crew."  Anthony then
turned to his intercom "Mr Kartang, I'll need a roster for the
team and drop ship crew we just misplaced."
    "Aye, Sir."
    Captain Anthony saw a note immediately appear on his log
screen:  Drop Ship 21 Crew and Roster.
-----------
    Six figures appeared in a standard Federation transporter
room.   A female Klingon and a male Kalonian stood on either
side, 2 human males were kneeling over the form of a Vulcan.
They all had portable full-face breathers strapped or held to
their faces.
    The sixth stood in the center of the semicircle.  She was a
female with shoulder length straight black hair and had the
portable breather strapped properly over her face.  All six wore
one piece, snug fitting, flat gray body suits with wires and
connectors sticking out from them.
    The woman made an obvious move towards a tricorder-like
device she was holding.  She managed to press one button.
    A security officer saw this and yelled "Look out,  she's got
a weapon!" and fired his phaser at her.
                           to be continued..........
---------------
                   T H E   V I G I L A N T E
                              IIIB
                         "The Warriors"
                          (continued)
Hark to the ewe that bore him:
  "What had muddied the strain?
Never his brothers before him
  Showed the hint of a stain."
Hark to the tups and wethers;
  Hark to the old gray ram:
"We're all of us white, but he's black as night,
  And he'll never be worth a damn."
            "The Black Sheep"
            Robert W. Service
    Six figures appeared in a standard Federation transporter
room.   A female Klingon and a male Kalonian stood on either
side of 2 human males who were kneeling over the form of a
Vulcan.  They all had portable, full-face breathers strapped or
held to their faces.
    The sixth stood in the center of the semicircle.  She
was a female with shoulder length straight black hair and
had the portable breather strapped properly over her face.
All six wore one piece, snug fitting, flat gray body suits
with wires and connectors sticking out from them.
    The woman made an obvious move towards a tricorder-like
device she was holding.  She managed to press one button.
    A security officer saw this and yelled "Look out,  she's
got a weapon!" and fired his phaser at her.
    The doors to the transporter room snapped opened and a blue
skinned Andorian rushed in, phaser in hand.  He was just in time
to see the Klingon female pull off her mask, growling, and rush
toward the security man.
    The Andorian's shot hit first as the security man's second
shot immediately followed.  The Klingon grunted and dropped to
one knee.
    "Identify yourselves." the Andorian hissed, his antennae
twitching slightly.
    Anndrea Whitecloud looked at the blue-skinned figure.  Blue
antennae protruded from his white hair.  His teeth were bared
and gleamed white.  She watched as his thumb clicked on the
phaser, she knew that he was increasing the setting.
    The transporter room had quite a few other people in it.
The most prominent were the mustard-yellow of security although
there were a couple of blue-shirts and the red-shirted
blue-skinned humanoid.
    "We have injured. Get your doctors to work." Whitecloud
demanded.
     The Andorian hissed as he motioned to the doctor and her
assistant. He was about to address the female when a Yeoman
interrupted him.
    "Sir! Bridge reports that a high intensity explosion has
just been registered on the planet's surface."
    "Coordinates? The team? " he was veritably snarling.
    "Bridge reports no survivors." he continued "Sir, I believe
that she activated some form of detonation device."
    Bronsdale piped in, "Sir, she just killed Assali, Meede and
Albert!"
    "You had no business in putting an away team down there."
Whitecloud said.
    The Andorian motioned with his hand.  "Add extra security,
even to those in sickbay." his voice deathly quiet, his gaze
locked with that of Whitecloud.  The doctor began moving the
others out.
    "But sir!! She is responsible for ..."
    A beam from the Andorian's phaser cut the man short sending
him senseless.  He then stared back at the female remaining on
the transporter pad.  "That is quite enough Yeoman", he hissed.
    "And that is quite enough as well, LIEUTENANT Qhasmon, you
will return to the bridge NOW, I will speak with you later."
    A new man stepped into the transporter room. Now, only
himself and three security men remained in the room with
Whitecloud.  One of the three was the unconscious form of the
man the Andorian had shot.
    Whitecloud instinctively came to attention when she saw the
pips in the man's collar.  His features were almost youthful,
save for the steely glint in his blue eyes and the firmness he
had held in his voice.
    "Sir, the woman ..."  one of the men began.
    "That is enough Yeoman Upaw. I am aware of the situation."
The Captain was terse with the Yeoman.
    The Captain looked at the woman, she appeared to be about as
tall as he, around 5' 8".  She had darkly tanned skin and
straight black hair, her eyes were dark and defiant.  She had
sharp angular features that would be considered beautiful and
exotic in almost any human culture, as well as some non-human
ones.
    "Your name, please." The Captain said formally.
    "Anndrea Smith." She was not a very creative liar.
    "Very well, 'Ms. Smith', Security officer Seneschal will
escort you to medical, then we shall meet.  We have much to
discuss."
    "Yes, Sir." she replied reflexively.
    The Captain stared ahead at the transporter, feeling older.
He was aware of the Yeoman at the transporter control panel.
"Attend to Mr. .... Bronsdale.." Captain Percival Malory turned
and left, leaving Upaw to help a now groggy Yeoman Bronsdale.
--------------
    Chief Swanson watched the three appear on the transporter.
She still found it difficult to get used to the speed of these
new transporters.  There was minimal of the standard sparkling,
the subject just suddenly appeared.
    The landing party appeared in very unusual poses, they were
covering or averting their eyes as if from a bright light.  She
wasn't surprised, however, since she had to time it extremely
close.  She not only had to wait for the destruct command from
the Drop Ship survivors, but also had to time it so she pulled
them out just before the effects of the explosion reached them.
Otherwise, the Delphi may have noticed them 'die' early and
investigate further which is something they were trying to
avoid.
    "Excellent timing," the shortest one began as he pulled off
his helmet.  When he got it clear he looked at the tall blond
female human standing behind the control panel.  "Who are you,
and why have you brought us here?".
    "Sir," another said "I don't think this is the Delphi."
They all instinctively reached for their phasers, the short one
finding his first.
    "I wish you wouldn't do that." said a voice from the door.
It was a medium-built, bald, pointed-eared humanoid who was also
wearing the same baggy black uniform.  With him, was half a
dozen others all wearing the same uniform.  They carried large,
strange looking phasers and wore no rank insignia.  The little
insignia they were wearing, however, did appear to be standard
Star Fleet.
    "Mister, I demand an explanation, who are you people?." said
the tallest of the three.
    At the same time the short human was trying to raise the
Delphi on his communicator.
    "That won't be necessary," said the Vulcan, "this room is
quite shielded."
    The man continued to try to contact his ship but to no
avail.  The three didn't lower their weapons, at first, while
they assessed the situation.  What finally forced their decision
was not the security pointing their own phasers at them, but the
transporter chief holding her hand over a button on the console.
Anyone with respect for the transporter, knew better than to get
an operator disturbed with them while standing on the pad.
    As soon as they lowered their phasers two of the six who had
entered with the Volcan circulated relieving them of their
equipment.  They then took off the remainder of their
environmental suits.
    "Now I'd like to welcome you aboard, I'm Commander Norton"
the Vulcan said.  "I apologize for abruptly transporting you
like we did.  But the Captain didn't see any other option."
    The tallest stepped forward and said "I am Commander Assali,
First Officer of the U.S.S. Delphi."  he then indicated the
others "and these are Lieutenant Meede, and Midshipmen Albert.
Now, we'd like to know just who you people are, who's in charge
and why we can not contact our ship."
    "All in due time, Commander." Norton said "Now if you'd
follow these men to your temporary quarters.  I'm sure, that
after that storm you'd like to get cleaned up."
    "Sir," Commander Assali said the word sarcastically "We are
not going anywhere until we get some answers."
    Norton hesitated for a minute then produced an old style
communicator from one his large pockets and spoke quietly into
it.  When he was finished he snapped it shut and dropped it back
into the pocket.  "Commander, All I am authorized to tell you,
at this time, is that The Delphi stumbled onto a top secret Star
Fleet project during a training accident.  Much information
beyond that, would make you and your crew extremely difficult to
safely release, especially if your going to be stationed in this
quadrant."
    "I'm sorry, that is not sufficient, Sir." Lieutenant Meede
said.
    Norton thought for a second then said "Okay if that's the
way you want it.  Chief Swanson, I'd like you to totally disable
the transporter in this room." He then turned to one of his men
and said "Make sure all computer interface is disconnected
except for the food replicator.
    "Gentlemen, this is not one of the more comfortable quarters
to billet in and the head has minimal wash facilities.  But
since this is were you wish to remain, we're flexible."
    The three turned and whispered among themselves then Assali
turned back to Commander Norton "Standard quarters will be
sufficient until such time we are returned to the Delphi."
    The Vulcan smiled and said "Very good".
    The security personnel escorted the three out of the
transporter room.  On the trip to their quarters they saw a some
more of the ship.  The hallways were narrow, spartin, and purely
utilitarian.  The room next to the transporter room they arrived
in, had another transporter.  They could see as they walked by
that the room was extremely large and had several large open
doors into it.  It appeared to have facilities to transport over
one hundred personnel at a time, but that seemed ridiculous.
    They arrived at the door to a billet, which slid open
crisply to admit them.  "The quarters in this section are
designed for four occupants.  The replicators can provide for
any of your needs, so make yourselves comfortable."  said one of
the guards.
    "We are confined to these quarters?" asked the Lieutenant.
    "In essence, yes" said the security guard. "The Captain and
First Officer would like to speak to you soon and hopefully
answer some of your questions"  At that, the guards waited for
their guests to enter their quarters and then took their
stations on either side of the door.
-----------
    "Sir, We have the transmission from Star Base 89" said the
Delphi's communications officer, Lt. Penthrach.
    "Thank you Mr Penthrach" Captain Malory said to his intercom
in his ready room.  He then sat back in his chair and punched
the files up on his console. He had been awaiting this
transmission since getting the retina scans.
    Each file was accompanied by the usual poor quality visual.
Captain Malory browsed through the first page of each file.
              NAME    : William Jacob Collins
              RANK    : Ensign
              POSITION: Flight Specialist
                        U.S.S. AMBARTSUMIAN NCC-3817
              NOTES   : Ship destroyed by engine core
                        failure, all hands lost
                        Star-date 46998.
              NAME    : Joseph Franz
              RANK    : Yoeman
              POSITION: Security Specialist
                        U.S.S. EL CID NCC-534-B
              NOTES   : Killed in action during boarder
                        skirmish with Cardaseans
                        Star-date 47310.
              NAME    : S'Turlek
              RANK    : Ensign
              POSITION: Junior Science Officer
                        U.S.S. TONTI NCC-599
              NOTES   : Missing assumed dead after shuttle
                        disappeared near Neutral Zone
                        Star-date 47329.
              NAME    : Anndrea Clay-Dove Whitecloud
              RANK    : Lieutenant, Junior Grade
              POSITION: Assistant Chief of Security
                        U.S.S. REGULUS NCC-1840-C
              NOTES   : Killed in Transporter accident
                        Star-date 47360.
              From KLINGON Imperial Fleet HQ
              NAME    : K'Lerana Valerta Krogg
              RANK    : Commander
              POSITION: Command Pilot
                        Reconnaissance ship TRARLON
              NOTES   : Ship Lost while on classified mission.
              SUBJECT : KALONIAN National;
                        Star Fleet has no record of the Kalonian
                        subject.
              NOTE    : The Kalonian Defense Force (K.D.F)
                        maintains it's policy to protect the
                        privacy of all it's Citizens.
Captain Malory reread the information, then made a decision.
 ----------
    "Who are these people?" Lieutenant Meede stormed.
    "We'll find out soon enough." Commander Assali said coolly.
    "We need to exercise utmost caution. We have been abducted
by an unknown force.  This clearly constitutes a hostile act.
If these were Star Fleet officers, they sure as HELL wouldn't
treat other officers in such a manner.  I suggest we make mental
preparations for becoming hostages... That 'Commander Norton',
looked suspiciously Romulan to me..."
    The storm had left them quite grimy even under the
environment suits so they were taking turns using the head.
Midshipman Albert came walking out freshly showered.  The two
officers were too busy planning to get cleaned up so he had
taken the first shift in the shower, it did feel good.  Since
his uniform had gotten quite dirty, he ordered a fresh one from
the replicator.  Before putting it on he took some time to look
through the drawers near the replicator.
    "Sirs, you might want to see this." he pulled out a
laminated card that was stuck in the back of one of the draws.
Welcome aboard the U.S.S. Vigilante.
--- There will be a mandatory meeting for all personnel at
    0830 in shuttle bay 1.  This should give all a chance to
    get settled.  All crew assignments will be handed out at
    this time.
--- Ship's uniforms are available from the replicators in
    each room just program required size.  Standard Star
    Fleet issue boots are appropriate. (a slight wait may be
    necessary, full power is currently not on line)
--- Please make yourself as comfortable as possible,
    as soon as more quarters are finished they will be
    assigned.
    The two officers looked at the card then Assali said "It
really doesn't tell us much.  Except maybe the name of the
ship."
    "It fits" Meede interjected "That original hail we
heard was garbled, but could have been directed towards a
vessel named 'Vigilante'."
    "Sirs, perhaps you should use the showers before they decide
to talk to us." Albert suggested.
    "Thank you Mr Albert, I almost forgot"  Assali said as he
turned toward the head.
    Assali, Meede, and Albert were escorted through the
corridors of the Vigilante.  The three were perfectly groomed in
standard Star Fleet uniforms.  The few others they saw in the
hallways wore the same baggy, black uniform with several large
'cargo' pockets.  Everyone they saw walked crisply and stiff,
all seemed to be overly disciplined and didn't ever give them a
second glance.
    Meede raised an eyebrow at this behavior. His abductors had
just moved up several notches on his personal 'danger scale'.
    They were lead into a good sized room for the ones they had
glimpsed.  It was flat gray like the rest of the ship with a
U-shaped table that had eight chairs at it.  Other chairs were
also placed around the perimeter of the room.  In the center of
the U was a single chair positioned to face all seated at the
table.
    "Its a court room." Assali said after they had stood in it
for a minute.
    "Are we being put a trial?" Albert asked.
    Meede simply scowled.
    Just then the door slid open and Commander Norton walked in
accompanied by a short Kalonian female and a good sized human
male.  The man was almost 2 meters tall, had relatively wide
shouders and long graying black hair thinning on top and pulled
back into a pony tail.
    Meede looked at the man then said "I thought you were dead,"
he hesitated for a moment, and then added "Sir."
    "It's good to see you again too, Mr Meede" the man said.
    Assali turned to the Lieutenant "You know this man?".
    "Yes sir, I served briefly under him aboard the Nielsen
before I was promoted to the Charlemagne."
    "Wasn't the Nielsen part of the armada destroyed at
Wolf-359?" Albert asked.
    "Please Allow me to introduce myself," the man said,
ignoring the question, and offered his had to Assali "I'm
Captain Anthony and I'd like to personally welcome you aboard
the U.S.S. Vigilante," he then indicated the Kalonian with him
"and this is my first officer, Commander Tarva."
    She didn't offer her hand, just slightly nodded toward them.
    "Now, I suppose you have a lot of questions, why don't you
have a seat and we'll see if we can answer any of them." Anthony
indicated the chairs at the table as he and Commander Tarva
headed for them.
    "Sir, if you really are a commissioned Star Fleet ship, why
have you not allowed us to contact the Delphi?" Meede asked
before everybody was fully seated.
    "I thought that would be the first question you'd ask."
Anthony said with a grin.  "As I'm sure Mr Norton has advised
you, the U.S.S. Vigilante is a top secret project.  We are under
strict orders not to reveal ourselves to anybody.  We are to
remain anonymous until such time we have completed the mission
for which we were designed and are training for.  If we were to
simply allow you to call the Delphi that would be in direct
violation of one of our primary mission directives."
    "Its interesting that our sensors didn't directly detect you
as we approached the planet ...", Assali lead.
    "As I've said, we are an experimental ship, I really can't
get into our 'stealth' capabilities."
    The three sat and looked at each other for a minute.
"Captain, aren't you concerned that the Delphi is looking for
us?"  Commander Assali asked somewhat incredulously.
    Tarva fielded this one "We were aware that the remains of
the transport that had crashed would be destroyed after the
survivors were evacuated.  We pulled you off the planet just
before you would have been vaporized by the blast.  Hopefully,
the Delphi will think that you were killed."
    "Hopefully, they'll think we were killed?  You want them to
abandon us?  Then what, you keep us against our will, kill us
yourselves, what?"  Meede had assumed his head of security
authoritative tone.
    Tarva had been a security Chief for too long to be impressed
by Meede's posturing.  After a few months of him, Anthony
had also become use to it.
    Anthony replied "Lieutenant, our intention was to keep you
from harm, if we wanted you dead, we would have ignored you."
    "Which we almost did." Tarva lied.
    Assali had been quietly listening to the exchange and
finally spoke up.  "The way I see it then, you are looking
for some way to exchange us for your missing crew without
revealing yourselves.  Does that sum up the situation? "
    "Most of it." Anthony said.
    "There is a bit more we must accomplish to clean up this
incident properly."  Tarva added.
    "And that is?" Meede asked.
    "We must insure that all computer and other records of the
Delphi's foray into AR-24 are erased or altered to exclude any
and all contact with the Vigilante and her personnel."  Tarva
replied casually.
    Midshipman Albert blurted out "That's impossible...Sir."  he
then turned to Assali "Sir, Captain Malory would never go for
altering the computer records, would he?"
    Tarva looked at Assali "Is the Captain of the Delphi
Percival Malory?"
    Assali scrutinized the recognition in Tarva's face "Yes,
Percival Malory is the Captain of the U.S.S. Delphi, do you know
him?"
    "After Wolf-359, the New Aukland rescued me from an escape
pod.  The Captain was Percival Malory, we actually became quite
good friends." She said this more to Anthony than Commander
Assali.
    Anthony turned to Tarva "Between Commander Assali and
yourself we may be able to convince Captain Malory...."
    "Hold that thought," Assali interrupted "convince Captain
Malory about what, I'm not convinced myself. You're going to
have to tell and show me a lot more than you have so far to get
me to try to convince my Captain to do something that is
strictly against policy."
    "Sir," Meede said to Assali "Are you saying that you may
even be considering asking Captain Malory to forge his logs?"
    "Lieutenant," Anthony said "You must learn to look beyond
the rules and regulations of an individual ship to the security
of the entire Federation."
    Meede scoffed "Are you trying to tell us that this project
is that important?"
    "We are." Tarva answered seriously.
    Assali motioned for Meede to remain silent and thought for a
moment.  "Let's try to compromise some here.  Show me what you
can of this ship.  If you convince me, then I'll do what I can.
At no time, however, will I involve myself in lying to or
attempting to deceive my commanding officer, is that clear."
    A pipping sound came from the intercom.  "Bridge to Captain
Anthony."
    "Go ahead."
    "Sir, We read the Delphi powering up, she's probably
preparing to get under way." came a female voice.
    "Have we obtained our new orbit?" Tarva said to the speaker.
    "Yes, sir."
    "Very good, we'll be right up." Anthony stood followed by
the rest at the table.  "Mr Norton, would you have someone
escort Lieutenant Meede and Mr Albert back to their quarters."
    Norton who had remained standing by the door acknowledged
the command with a slight nod and a "Yes, Sir".
    Anthony toward Assali "Won't you please accompany me to the
Bridge?"
    "Sir, I must protest," Meede interjected "I don't know that
we should allow ourselves to be split up by these people."
    "Mr Meede," Assali turned to the man "If we were not safe,
there's not much we could do about it.  So I suggest we take
them at face value until they give us reason to believe
otherwise.  Is that clear?"
    "Yes, sir"
    "Now, return to our quarters and wait for me."
    With that, the two groups exited the briefing room.
-----------
    Andrea Whitecloud wore a standard yellow Star Fleet
uniform with no rank or insignia.  She sat at one end of a table
in a relatively large conference room.  Sitting at the table
were the remaining command staff of the USS Delphi.  Among them
were of course Captain Malory, Doctor Mayak and the second in
command of security, now chief of security, Lieutenant Anna
Zalvosta.
    "Ms. Smith" the Captain was saying "Let me get this
straight, you claim that you and your crew are the survivors of
a private registry transport?"
    "That's correct."
    "And the name of the transport was The Vigilante"
    "Actually it was the Klingon equivalent, but essentially
yes."
    "Don't you think that VIGILANTE is a rather severe name for
a transport?" Malory was calmly paging through notes on his
terminal, notes totally unrelated to what was going on at
present.
    "Not for the make up of the crew."  Whitecloud leaned
casually to one side with her hands laying loosely in her lap.
    "Now there's something I'd like to talk about." Malory said
as if suddenly finding something interesting. "It is most
intriguing, that you accomplished getting a Kalonian and a
Klingon to work together.  The only time I've ever seen some in
a room together, they were trying to kill each other.
    "It's amazing how much hatred and prejudices can be put
aside if the price is right."  Whitecloud seemed bored with the
whole process.
    "Then your cargo was extremely valuable?"
    "Some would think so."
    "What exactly was your cargo?"
    "An assortment of things."
    Malory seemed to ignore her answers and just continued
with his questions "If it was so valuable, why did you destroy
it."
    "Who said I destroyed it?"
    "Then what was that you were doing with the tri-corder after
you were beamed up?" interjected the new chief of security.
    "I was in the process of activating a homing beacon when we
were transported, I was just trying to finish what I had
started."
    "That was some homing beacon." Lieutenant Zalvosta said
incredulously.
    "The tricorder must have malfunctioned when YOUR man lost
his cool.  The tri-corder also had a destruct function in it,
but that is not what I was activating."
    "Once again you try to blame US for the death of the away
team." Malory was starting to show some slight agitation.
    "I lost more then THREE comrades in that crash, I have to
live with that.  I am not going to accept the blame for the
death of three people who were some place they shouldn't have
been when someone else caused a malfunction.  As far as I'm
concerned, I'm more of a witness than a participant to the
matter."  Whitecloud had straighten out and had both hands palms
down on the table and was staring directly at Malory.
    Before Malory could respond a piping sound came over the
intercom.  "Captain, Bridge here".
    "Go a head Mr Qhasmon."
    "Sir, we are ready to get under way."
    "Stand by.", Malory rose and stood for a moment beside his
chair, gazing at his 'guest'.
    "I am sure that we will speak again, Miss...Smith, before we
reach Star Base 89 at any rate...."
    "Starbase 89?" Whitecloud asked.
    "Yes, the Admiral has shown a specific interest in you and
your crew." Malory clapped his hand atop his chair and abruptly
left the meeting room.
-----------
    "One thing still puzzles me.." Assali said to Anthony as
they entered the turbo-lift to the bridge.
    "What's that?  BRIDGE" Captain Anthony stood in a casual at
ease posture.
    Assali's knees buckled slightly from the extreme
acceleration of the lift.  "I've been trying to figure out why
none of our sensors spotted your ship and why we had such a hard
time zeroing in on your crew."
    "Mr Assali," Anthony said in mock shock.  "Like we've said,
this is a secret project it wouldn't do us any good if any
passing Star Ship could see us, Would it?"  The door to the
turbo lift opened and Assali and Anthony stepped onto the
bridge.
    On the main screen was the image of the Delphi.  The
Vigilante had come up behind and above it.  The angle and the
distance made the single warp drive ship seem extremely small.
    "My God," Assali said "you're cloaked, aren't you?."
    Anthony smiled "Yea, I suppose we are.  Ensign O'Malley
report."
    "Sir, the Delphi has maintained its shields and appears to
be preparing to leave orbit."
    "If they leave orbit, we're going to have a tougher time
fixing this problem."  Anthony stood behind O'Malley looking at
the ship on the screen.
    "What were your plans with my ship?" Assali asked concerned.
    Anthony looked at the Delphi's first officer "It doesn't
matter, Malory seems to be playing it safe."
    "He does seem to have a sixth sense"  Assali agreed with a
smile.  He knew that Malory was anything but safe in his style
of Captaining.
    Tarva walked up behind them from the other lift "That does
seem to be a major requirement for a Star Fleet Captain."
    The Delphi changed its orbit and vectored away from the
planet.  It made an abrupt half turn and changed course for a
little more than an instant. Then it resumed its course and
heading.  Within seconds it was out of sight as it increased to
maximum impulse power.
    "What kind of maneuver was that?" Anthony asked curiously.
    Assali smiled "I call it a 'Crazy Qhasmon'"
    "What's the point?" Anthony was not satisfied.
    Assali merely shrugged his shoulders.
    "You know Andorians ..." he offered.
    A Vulcan seated at the science station along the rear
perimeter of the bridge spoke up "Sir,"
    "Yes, Lieutenant S'Erlet."  The Captain turned his attention
to his young Science Officer.
    "I have been monitoring the Delphi as closely as possible. I
have ... noted ... that it seems to have a very sophisticated
scanner emission pattern.  There seems to be some problems with
