bridge.
"I think we should take them back," he said. "I  feel  that  very
strongly."
He had already  had  an  argument  with  Slartibartfast  on  this
matter,  and  eventually the old man had got annoyed and left. he
had returned to his own ship the Bistromath, had  a  furious  row
with  the  waiter and disappeared off into an entirely subjective
idea of what space was.
The argument had arisen because Arthur's idea  of  returning  the
Ashes  to Lord's Cricket Ground at the same moment that they were
originally taken would involve travelling back in time a  day  or
so,   and   this   was  precisely  the  sort  of  gratuitous  and
irresponsible mucking about that the Campaign for Real  Time  was
trying to put a stop to.
"Yes," Arthur had said, "but you try  and  explain  that  to  the
MCC," and he would hear no more against the idea.
"I think," he said again, and stopped. The reason he  started  to
say  it  again  was  because no one had listened to him the first
time, and the reason he stopped  was  because  it  looked  fairly
clear that no one was going to listen to him this time either.
Ford, Zaphod and Trillian were watching the visiscreens  intently
as  Hactar  was  dispersing under pressure from a vibration field
which the Heart of Gold was pumping into it.
"What did it say?" asked Ford.
"I thought I heard it say," said  Trillian  in  a  puzzle  voice,
"`What's done is done ... I have fulfilled my function ...'"
"I think we should take these back," said Arthur holding  up  the
bag containing the Ashes. "I feel that very strongly."
=================================================================
Chapter 33
The sun was shining calmly on a scene of complete havoc.
Smoke was still billowing across the burnt grass in the  wake  of
the  theft of the Ashes by the Krikkit robots. Through the smoke,
people were running panicstricken,  colliding  with  each  other,
tripping over stretchers, being arrested.
One policeman was attempting to arrest Wowbagger  the  Infinitely
Prolonged  for insulting behaviour, but was unable to prevent the
tall grey-green alien from returning to his ship  and  arrogantly
flying away, thus causing even more panic and pandemonium.
In the middle of this, for the second time  that  afternoon,  the
figures  of  Arthur  Dent and Ford Prefect suddenly materialized,
they had teleported down out of the Heart of Gold which  was  now
in parking orbit round the planet.
"I can explain," shouted Arthur. "I have the  Ashes!  They're  in
this bag."
"I don't think you have their attention," said Ford.
"I have also helped save the Universe," called Arthur  to  anyone
who was prepared to listen, in other words no one.
"That should have been a crowd-stopper," said Arthur to Ford.
"It wasn't," said Ford.
Arthur accosted a policeman who was running past.
"Excuse me," he said. "The Ashes. I've got them. They were stolen
by  those  white  robots a moment ago. I've got them in this bag.
They were part of the Key to the Slo-Time envelope, you see, and,
well,  anyway  you can guess the rest, the point is I've got them
and what should I do with them?"
The policeman told him, but Arthur could only assume that he  was
speaking metaphorically.
He wandered about disconsolately.
"Is no one interested?" he shouted out. A man rushed past him and
jogged  his  elbow,  he  dropped  the  paper bag and it spilt its
contents all over the ground. Arthur stared down  at  it  with  a
tight-set mouth.
Ford looked at him.
"Wanna go now?" he said.
Arthur heaved a heavy sigh. He looked around at the planet Earth,
for what he was now certain would be the last time.
"OK," he said.
At that moment, through the clearing smoke, he  caught  sight  of
one of the wickets, still standing in spite of everything.
"Hold on a moment," he said to Ford. "When I was a boy ..."
"Can you tell me later?"
"I had a passion for cricket, you know, but I wasn't very good at
it."
"Or not at all, if you prefer."
"And I always dreamed, rather stupidly, that one day I would bowl
at Lord's."
He looked around him at the  panicstricken  throng.  No  one  was
going to mind very much.
"OK," said Ford wearily. "Get it  over  with.  I  shall  be  over
there,"  he added, "being bored." He went and sat down on a patch
of smoking grass.
Arthur remembered that on their first visit there that afternoon,
the  cricket  ball  had actually landed in his bag, and he looked
through the bag.
He  had already found the ball in it before he remembered that it
wasn't  the  same bag that he'd had at the time. Still, there the
ball was amongst his souvenirs of Greece.
He took it out and polished it against his hip, spat  on  it  and
polished  it  again. He put the bag down. He was going to do this
properly.
He tossed the small hard red ball from hand to hand, feeling  its
weight.
With a wonderful feeling of lightness and unconcern,  he  trotted
off  away  from  the  wicket. A medium-fast pace, he decided, and
measured a good long run-up.
He looked up into the sky. The birds were wheeling  about  it,  a
few  white  clouds  scudded across it. The air was disturbed with
the sounds of police and ambulance sirens, and  people  screaming
and yelling, but he felt curiously happy and untouched by it all.
He was going to bowl a ball at Lord's.
He turned and pawed a couple of times  at  the  ground  with  his
bedroom  slippers.  He  squared his shoulders, tossed the ball in
the air and caught it again.
He started to run.
As he ran, he saw that standing at the wicket was a batsman.
Oh, good, he thought, that should add a little ...
Then, as his running feet took him nearer, he saw  more  clearly.
The  batsman  standing  ready  at  the  wicket was not one of the
England cricket team. He was not one of  the  Australian  cricket
team.  It was one of the robot Krikkit team. It was a cold, hard,
lethal white killer-robot that presumably had not returned to its
ship with the others.
Quite a few thoughts  collided  in  Arthur  Dent's  mind  at  tis
moment,  but  he  didn't  seem  to  be able to stop running. Time
seemed to be going terribly, terribly slowly, but still he didn't
seem to be able to stop running.
Moving as if through syrup, he slowly turned  his  troubled  head
and  looked at his own hand, the hand which was holding the small
hard red ball.
His feet were pounding slowly onwards, unstoppably, as he  stared
at  the ball gripped in his helpless hand. It was emitting a deep
red glow and flashing intermittently. And  still  his  feet  were
pounding inexorably forward.
He looked at the Krikkit robot again  standing  implacably  still
and purposefully in front of him, battleclub raised in readiness.
Its eyes were burning with a deep  cold  fascinating  light,  and
Arthur  could  not  move  his own eyes from them. He seemed to be
looking down a tunnel at them - nothing on either side seemed  to
exist.
Some of the thoughts which were colliding in  his  mind  at  this
time were these:
He felt a hell of a fool.
He felt that he should have listened rather more carefully  to  a
number  of  things  he  had heard said, phrases which now pounded
round in his mind as his feet pounded onwards to the point  where
he  would  inevitably  release the ball to the Krikkit robot, who
would inevitably strike it.
He remembered Hactar saying,  "Have  I  failed?  Failure  doesn't
bother me."
He remembered the account of Hactar's dying words,  "What's  done
is done, I have fulfilled my function."
He remembered Hactar saying that he had managed to  make  "a  few
things."
He remembered the sudden movement in his hold-all that  had  made
him grip it tightly to himself when he was in the Dust Cloud.
He remembered that he had travelled back in time a couple of days
to come to Lord's again.
He also remembered that he wasn't a very good bowler.
He felt his arm coming round, gripping tightly  on  to  the  ball
which  he now knew for certain was the supernova bomb that Hactar
had built himself and planted on him, the bomb which would  cause
the Universe to come to an abrupt and premature end.
He hoped and prayed that  there  wasn't  an  afterlife.  Then  he
realized there was a contradiction involved here and merely hoped
that there wasn't an afterlife.
He would feel very, very embarrassed meeting everybody.
He hoped, he hoped, he hoped that his bowling was as  bad  as  he
remembered it to be, because that seemed to be the only thing now
standing between this moment and universal oblivion.
He felt his legs pounding, he felt his arm coming round, he  felt
his  feet connecting with the airline hold-all he'd stupidly left
lying on the ground in front of  him,  he  felt  himself  falling
heavily  forward  but,  having his mind so terribly full of other
things at this moment, he completely  forgot  about  hitting  the
ground and didn't.
Still holding the ball firmly in his right hand he soared up into
the air whimpering with surprise.
He wheeled and whirled through the air, spinning out of control.
He twisted down towards the ground, flinging  himself  hectically
through the air, at the same time hurling the bomb harmlessly off
into the distance.
He hurtled towards the astounded robot from behind. It still  had
its  multi-functional  battleclub  raised,  but had suddenly been
deprived of anything to hit.
With a sudden mad access of strength, he wrestled the  battleclub
from  the grip of the startled robot, executed a dazzling banking
turn in the air, hurtled back down in a furious  power-drive  and
with  one  crazy  swing knocked the robot's head from the robot's
shoulders.
"Are you coming now?" said Ford.
=================================================================
Epilogue:
Life, the Universe and Everything
And at the end they travelled again.
There was a time when Arthur Dent would not.  He  said  that  the
Bistromathic  Drive  had  revealed  to him that time and distance
were one, that mind and Universe were one,  that  perception  and
reality  were  one,  and that the more one travelled the more one
stayed in one place, and that what with one thing and another  he
would rather just stay put for a while and sort it all out in his
mind, which was now at one with the Universe so it shouldn't take
too  long,  and  he  could  get  a good rest afterwards, put in a
little flying practice and learn to  cook  which  he  had  always
meant  to  do. The can of Greek olive oil was now his most prized
possession, and he said that the way it had  unexpectedly  turned
up in his life had again given him a certain sense of the oneness
of things which made him feel that ...
He yawned and fell asleep.
In the morning as they prepared to take him  to  some  quiet  and
idyllic  planet  where  they  wouldn't mind him talking like that
they suddenly picked  up  a  computer-driven  distress  call  and
diverted to investigate.
A small but apparently undamaged spacecraft of the  Merida  class
seemed  to  be  dancing  a strange little jig through the void. A
brief computer scan revealed that the ship was fine, its computer
was fine, but that its pilot was mad.
"Half-mad, half-mad," the  man  insisted  as  they  carried  him,
raving, aboard.
He was a journalist  with  the  Siderial  Daily  Mentioner.  They
sedated  him  and  sent  Marvin  in  to keep him company until he
promised to try and talk sense.
"I was covering a trial," he said at last, "on Argabuthon."
He pushed himself up on to his thin wasted  shoulders,  his  eyes
stared  wildly.  His white hair seemed to be waving at someone it
knew in the next room.
"Easy, easy," said Ford. Trillian put  a  soothing  hand  on  his
shoulder.
The man sank back down again and stared at  the  ceiling  of  the
ship's sick bay.
"The case," he said, "is now immaterial, but there was a  witness
...  a  witness  ...  a man called ... called Prak. A strange and
difficult man. They were eventually forced to administer  a  drug
to make him tell the truth, a truth drug."
His eyes rolled helplessly in his head.
"They gave him too much," he said in a tiny whimper.  "They  gave
him  much  too much." He started to cry. "I thing the robots must
have jogged the surgeon's arm."
"Robots?" said Zaphod sharply. "What robots?"
"Some white robots," whispered the man hoarsely, "broke into  the
courtroom  and  stole the judge's sceptre, the Argabuthon Sceptre
of Justice, nasty Perspex thing. I don't  know  why  they  wanted
it."  He  began  to  cry  again.  "And  I  think  they jogged the
surgeon's arm ..."
He shook his head loosely from side to side,  helplessly,  sadly,
his eyes screwed up in pain.
"And when the trial continued," he said  in  a  weeping  whisper,
"they  asked  Prak  a most unfortunate thing. They asked him," he
paused and shivered, "to tell the  Truth,  the  Whole  Truth  and
Nothing but the Truth. Only, don't you see?"
He suddenly hoisted himself up on to his elbows again and shouted
at them.
"They'd given him much too much of the drug!"
He collapsed again, moaning quietly. "Much too much too much  too
much too ..."
The group gathered round his bedside glanced at each other. there
were goose pimples on backs.
"What happened?" said Zaphod at last.
"Oh, he told it all right," said the man  savagely,  "for  all  I
know  he's  still  telling  it  now. Strange, terrible things ...
terrible, terrible!" he screamed.
They tried to calm him, but he struggled to his elbows again.
"Terrible things, incomprehensible things," he  shouted,  "things
that would drive a man mad!"
He stared wildly at them.
"Or in my case," he said, "half-mad. I'm a journalist."
"You  mean,"  said  Arthur  quietly,  "that  you  are   used   to
confronting the truth?"
"No," said the man with a puzzled frown. "I mean that I  made  an
excuse and left early."
He collapsed into a coma from which he recovered  only  once  and
briefly.
On that one occasion, they discovered from him the following:
When it became clear that Prak could not be  stopped,  that  here
was truth in its absolute and final form, the court was cleared.
Not only cleared, it was sealed up, with Prak still in it.  Steel
walls  were  erected around it, and, just to be on the safe side,
barbed wire, electric fences, crocodile swamps  and  three  major
armies  were  installed,  so  that no one would ever have to hear
Prak speak.
"That's a pity," said Arthur. "I'd like to hear what  he  had  to
say.  Presumably  he would know what the Ultimate Question to the
Ultimate Answer is. It's always bothered me that we  never  found
out."
"Think of a number," said the computer, " any number."
Arthur told the computer the telephone  number  of  King's  Cross
railway  station passenger inquiries, on the grounds that it must
have some function, and this might turn out to be it.
The computer injected the number into  the  ship's  reconstituted
Improbability Drive.
In Relativity, Matter tells Space how to curve, and  Space  tells
Matter how to move.
The Heart of Gold told space to get knotted,  and  parked  itself
neatly within the inner steel perimeter of the Argabuthon Chamber
of Law.
The courtroom was an austere place, a large dark chamber, clearly
designed for Justice rather than, for instance, for Pleasure. You
wouldn't hold a dinner party here - at least,  not  a  successful
one. The decor would get your guests down.
The ceilings were high, vaulted and  very  dark.  Shadows  lurked
there  with  grim  determination. The panelling for the walls and
benches, the cladding of the heavy pillars, all were carved  from
the  darkest  and  most  severe  trees  in the fearsome Forest of
Arglebard. The massive black Podium of  Justice  which  dominated
the  centre of the chamber was a monster of gravity. If a sunbeam
had ever managed to slink this far into the  Justice  complex  of
Argabuthon  it  would  have turned around and slunk straight back
out again.
Arthur and Trillian were the first in,  whilst  Ford  and  Zaphod
bravely kept a watch on their rear.
At first it seemed totally dark  and  deserted.  their  footsteps
echoed  hollowly  round the chamber. This seemed curious. All the
defences were still in position and operative around the  outside
of  the  building,  they had run scan checks. Therefore, they had
assumed, the truth-telling must still be going on.
But there was nothing.
Then, as their eyes  became  accustomed  to  the  darkness,  they
spotted  a  dull red glow in a corner, and behind the glow a live
shadow. They swung a torch round on to it.
Prak was lounging on a bench, smoking a listless cigarette.
"Hi," he said, with a little half-wave. His voice echoed  through
the  chamber.  He was a little man with scraggy hair. He sat with
his shoulders  hunched  forward  and  his  head  and  knees  kept
jiggling. He took a drag of his cigarette.
They stared at him.
"What's going on?" said Trillian.
"Nothing," said the man and jiggled his shoulders.
Arthur shone his torch full on Prak's face.
"We thought," he said, "that you were meant  to  be  telling  the
Truth, the Whole Truth and Nothing but the Truth."
"Oh, that," said Prak. "Yeah. I  was.  I  finished.  There's  not
nearly  as  much  of  it  as  people imagine. Some of it's pretty
funny, though."
He suddenly exploded in about three seconds of  manical  laughter
and  stopped again. he sat there, jiggling his head and knees. He
dragged on his cigarette with a strange half-smile.
Ford and Zaphod came forward out of the shadows.
"Tell us about it," said Ford.
"Oh, I can't remember any of it now," said Prak.  "I  thought  of
writing  some of it down, but first I couldn't find a pencil, and
then I thought, why bother?"
There was a long silence, during which they  thought  they  could
feel the Universe age a little. Prak stared into the torchlight.
"None of it?" said Arthur at last. "You can remember none of it?"
"No. Except most of the good bits were about  frogs,  I  remember
that."
Suddenly he was hooting with laughter again and stamping his feet
on the ground.
"You would not believe  some  of  the  things  about  frogs,"  he
gasped.  "Come on let's go and find ourselves a frog. Boy, will I
ever see them in a new light!" He leapt to his  feet  and  did  a
tiny  little  dance.  Then he stopped and took a long drag at his
cigarette.
"Let's find a frog I can laugh at," he said simply. "Anyway,  who
are you guys?"
"We came to find you," said Trillian,  deliberately  not  keeping
the disappointment out of her voice. "My name is Trillian."
Prak jiggled his head.
"Ford Prefect," said Ford Prefect with a shrug.
Prak jiggled his head.
"And I," said Zaphod, when he judged that the  silence  was  once
again  deep enough to allow an announcement of such gravity to be
tossed in lightly, "am Zaphod Beeblebrox."
Prak jiggled his head.
"Who's this guy?" said Prak jiggling his shoulder at Arthur,  who
was standing silent for a moment, lost in disappointed thoughts.
"Me?" said Arthur. "Oh, my name's Arthur Dent."
Prak's eyes popped out of his head.
"No kidding?" he yelped. "You are Arthur Dent? The Arthur Dent?"
He staggered backwards, clutching his stomach and convulsed  with
fresh paroxysms o laughter.
"Hey, just think of meeting you!" he gasped. "Boy,"  he  shouted,
"you are the most ... wow, you just leave the frogs standing!"
he howled and screamed with laughter. He fell over  backwards  on
to  the bench. He hollered and yelled in hysterics. He cried with
laughter, he kicked his legs in  the  air,  he  beat  his  chest.
Gradually  he  subsided, panting. He looked at them. He looked at
Arthur. He fell back again howling with laughter.  Eventually  he
fell asleep.
Arthur stood there with his  lips  twitching  whilst  the  others
carried Prak comatose on to the ship.
"Before we picked up Prak," said Arthur, "I was going to leave. I
still want to, and I think I should do so as soon as possible."
The others nodded in silence, a silence which was  only  slightly
undermined by the heavily muffled and distant sound of hysterical
laughter which came drifting from Prak's cabin  at  the  farthest
end of the ship.
"We have questioned him," continued Arthur,  "or  at  least,  you
have  questioned  him  -  I,  as you know, can't go near him - on
everything, and he  doesn't  really  seem  to  have  anything  to
contribute.  Just the occasional snippet, and things I don't want
to hear about frogs."
The others tried not to smirk.
"Now, I am the first to appreciate a joke," said Arthur and  then
had to wait for the others to stop laughing.
"I am the first ..." he stopped again. This time he  stopped  and
listened  to  the  silence. There actually was silence this time,
and it had come very suddenly.
Prak was quiet. For days they had  lived  with  constant  manical
laughter  ringing  round  the ship, only occasionally relieved by
short periods of light giggling and sleep. Arthur's very soul was
clenched with paranoia.
This was not the silence of sleep. A buzzer sounded. A glance  at
a board told them that the buzzer had been sounded by Prak.
"He's not well," said Trillian quietly. "The constant laughing is
completely wrecking his body."
Arthur's lips twitched but he said nothing.
"We'd better go and see him," said Trillian.
Trillian came out of the cabin wearing her serious face.
"He wants you to go in," she said to Arthur, who was wearing  his
glum  and  tight-lipped  one.  He  thrust his hands deep into his
dressing-gown pockets and tried to  think  of  something  to  say
which  wouldn't  sound  petty.  It seemed terribly unfair, but he
couldn't.
"Please," said Trillian.
He shrugged and went in, taking his glum  and  tight-lipped  face
with him, despite the reaction this always provoked from Prak.
He looked down at his tormentor, who was  lying  quietly  on  the
bed,  ashen  and wasted. His breathing was very shallow. Ford and
Zaphod were standing by the bed looking awkward.
"You wanted to ask me something," said Prak in a thin  voice  and
coughed slightly.
Just the cough made Arthur stiffen, but it passed and subsided.
"How do you know that?" he asked.
Prak shrugged weakly. "'Cos it's true," he said simply.
Arthur took the point.
"Yes," he said at last in rather a strained drawl. "I did have  a
question.  Or rather, what I actually have is an Answer. I wanted
to know what the Question was."
Prak nodded sympathetically, and Arthur relaxed a little.
"It's ... well, it's a long story," he said, "but the Question  I
would like to know is the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe
and Everything. All we know is  that  the  Answer  is  Forty-Two,
which is a little aggravating."
Prak nodded again.
"Forty-Two," he said. "Yes, that's right."
He paused. Shadows of thought and memory crossed  his  face  like
the shadows of clouds crossing the land.
"I'm afraid," he said at last, "that the Question and the  Answer
are  mutually  exclusive.  Knowledge  of  one logically precludes
knowledge of the other. It is impossible that both  can  ever  be
known about the same universe."
He paused again. Disappointment  crept  into  Arthur's  face  and
snuggled down into its accustomed place.
"Except," said Prak, struggling to sort a  thought  out,  "if  it
happened,  it  seems  that the Question and the Answer would just
cancel each other out and take  the  Universe  with  them,  which
would   then   be  replaced  by  something  even  more  bizarrely
inexplicable. It is possible that this has already happened,"  he
added  with  a  weak  smile,  "but  there  is a certain amount of
Uncertainty about it."
A little giggle brushed through him.
Arthur sat down on a stool.
"Oh well," he said with resignation, "I  was  just  hoping  there
would be some sort of reason."
"Do you know," said Prak, "the story of the Reason?"
Arthur said that he didn't, and Prak said that he  knew  that  he
didn't.
He told it.
One night, he said, a spaceship appeared in the sky of  a  planet
which  had  never  seen one before. The planet was Dalforsas, the
ship was this one. It appeared as a  brilliant  new  star  moving
silently across the heavens.
Primitive  tribesmen  who  were  sitting  huddled  on  the   Cold
Hillsides  looked up from their steaming night-drinks and pointed
with trembling fingers, swearing that they had  seen  a  sign,  a
sign from their gods which meant that they must now arise at last
and go and slay the evil Princes of the Plains.
In the high turrets of their palaces, the Princes of  the  Plains
looked  up and saw the shining star, and received it unmistakably
as a sign from their gods that they must now go and set about the
accursed Tribesmen of the Cold Hillsides.
And between them, the Dwellers in the Forest looked up  into  the
sky  and  saw  the sigh of the new star, and saw it with fear and
apprehension, for though they had never  seen  anything  like  it
before,  they  too  knew precisely what it foreshadowed, and they
bowed their heads in despair.
They knew that when the rains came, it was a sign.
When the rains departed, it was a sign.
When the winds rose, it was a sign.
When the winds fell, it was a sign.
When in the land there was born at midnight of a full moon a goat
with three heads, that was a sign.
When in the land there was born at some time in the  afternoon  a
perfectly  normal  cat or pig with no birth complications at all,
or even just a child with a retrousse nose, that too would  often
be taken as a sign.
So there was no doubt at all that a new star in  the  sky  was  a
sign of a particularly spectacular order.
And each new sign signified the same thing - that the Princes  of
the  Plains and the Tribesmen of the Cold Hillsides were about to
beat the hell out of each other again.
This in itself wouldn't be so bad, except that the Princes of the
Plains  and the Tribesmen of the Cold Hillsides always elected to
beat the hell out of each other in the Forest, and it was  always
the Dwellers in the Forest who came off worst in these exchanges,
though as far as they could see it never had anything to do  with
them.
And sometimes, after some of the worst  of  these  outrages,  the
Dwellers  in  the  Forest  would  send  a messenger to either the
leader of the  Princes  of  the  Plains  or  the  leader  of  the
Tribesmen of the Cold Hillsides and demand to know the reason for
this intolerable behaviour.
And the leader, whichever one it was, would  take  the  messenger
aside  and  explain  the  Reason to him, slowly and carefully and
with great attention to the considerable detail involved.
And the terrible thing was, it was a very good one. It  was  very
clear,  very  rational,  and  tough. The messenger would hang his
head and feel sad and foolish that he had  not  realized  what  a
tough and complex place the real world was, and what difficulties
and paradoxes had to be embraced if one was to live in it.
"Now do you understand?" the leader would say.
The messenger would nod dumbly.
"And you see these battles have to take place?"
Another dumb nod.
"And why they have to take place in the forest, and why it is  in
everybody's  best  interest,  the  Forest Dwellers included, that
they should?"
"Er ..."
"In the long run."
"Er, yes."
And the messenger did understand the Reason, and he  returned  to
his people in the Forest. But as he approached them, as he walked
through the Forest and amongst the trees, he found  that  all  he
could  remember of the Reason was how terribly clear the argument
had seemed. What it actually was he couldn't remember at all.
And this, of course, was a great comfort when next the  Tribesmen
and  the  Princes  came hacking and burning their way through the
Forest, killing every Forest Dweller in their way.
Prak paused in his story and coughed pathetically.
"I was the messenger," he said, "after the  battles  precipitated
by  the  appearance of your ship, which were particularly savage.
Many of our people died. I thought I could bring the Reason back.
I  went  and was told it by the leader of the Princes, but on the
way back it slipped and melted away in my mind like snow  in  the
sun. That was many years ago, and much has happened since then."
He looked up at Arthur and giggled again very gently.
"There is one other thing I can remember  from  the  truth  drug.
Apart  from  the  frogs,  and  that  is God's last message to his
creation. Would you like to hear it?"
For a moment they didn't know whether to take him seriously.
"'Strue," he said. "For real. I mean it."
His chest heaved weakly and he struggled  for  breath.  His  head
lolled slightly.
"I wasn't very impressed with it when I first knew what it  was,"
he  said,  "but  now  I  think back to how impressed I was by the
Prince's Reason, and how soon afterwards I couldn't recall it  at
all,  I  think  it might be a lot more helpful. Would you like to
know what it is? Would you?"
They nodded dumbly.
"I bet you would. If you're that interested I suggest you go  and
look for it. It is written in thirty-foot-high letters of fire on
top  of  the  Quentulus  Quazgar  Mountains  in   the   land   of
Sevorbeupstry  on  the planet Preliumtarn, third out from the sun
Zarss in Galactic Sector QQ7 Active J Gamma. It is guarded by the
Lajestic Vantrashell of Lob."
There was a long silence following this announcement,  which  was
finally broken by Arthur.
"Sorry, it's where?" he said.
"It is written," repeated Prak, "in thirty-foot-high  letters  of
fire  on  top  of  the Quentulus Quazgar Mountains in the land of
Sevorbeupstry on the planet Preliumtarn, third out from the ..."
"Sorry," said Arthur again, "which mountains?"
"The Quentulus Quazgar Mountains in the land of Sevorbeupstry  on
the planet ..."
"Which land was that? I didn't quite catch it."
"Sevorbeupstry, on the planet ..."
"Sevorbe-what?"
"Oh, for heaven's sake," said Prak and died testily.
In the following days Arthur thought a little about this message,
but  in the end he decided that he was not going to allow himself
to be drawn by it, and insisted on following his original plan of
finding  a  nice little world somewhere to settle down and lead a
quiet retired life. Having saved the Universe twice in one day he
thought that he could take things a little easier from now on.
They dropped him off on the planet Krikkit, which  was  now  once
again   an   idyllic  pastoral  world,  even  if  the  songs  did
occasionally get on his nerves.
He spent a lot of time flying.
He learnt to communicate with birds  and  discovered  that  their
conversation was fantastically boring. It was all to do with wind
speed, wing spans, power-to-weight ratios and a  fair  bit  about
berries.  Unfortunately,  he  discovered,  once  you  have learnt
birdspeak you quickly come to realize that the air is full of  it
the whole time, just inane bird chatter. There is no getting away
from it.
For that reason Arthur eventually gave up the sport and learnt to
live  on  the  ground  and  love  it,  despite a lot of the inane
chatter he heard down there as well.
One day, he was walking through the fields  humming  a  ravishing
tune  he'd  heard recently when a silver spaceship descended from
the sky and landed in front of him.
A hatchway opened, a ramp extended, and a tall  grey-green  alien
marched out and approached him.
"Arthur Phili ..." it said, then glanced sharply at him and  down
at his clipboard. He frowned. He looked up at him again.
"I've done you before haven't I?" he said.
                THE HOLE THAT WAS TOO NARROW
   Once upon a time. . . a stoat was so greedy that he would eat anything that
came his way. But he was punished for his greed. He found some old stale eggs
in a barn and, as usual, gobbled the lot. However, he soon started to feel
agonizing pains in his tummy, his eyes grew dim and he broke out in a cold 
sweat. For days, he lay between life and death, then the fever dropped. The
first time he dared climb a tree to rob a nest, thin and weak with his 
trousers dangling over an empty stomach, he became dizzy and fell. That is how
he twisted his ankle. Sick with hunger, he limped about in search of food, but
that made him feel even hungrier than before. Then good luck came his way.
Although wary of venturing too close to human habitations, he was so hungry he
went up to a tavern on the outskirts of the village. The air was full of 
lovely smells and the poor stoat felt his mouth watering as he pictured all 
the nice things inslde. An inviting smell coming from a crack in the wall 
seemed to be stronger than the others. Thrusting his nose into the crack, he 
was greeted by a waft of delicious scents. The stoat frantically clawed at the
crack with his paws and teeth, trying to widen it. Slowly the plaster between 
the blocks of rubble began to crumble, till all he had to do was move a stone.
Shoving with all his might, the stoat made a hole. And then a really wonderful
sight met his gaze. He was inside the pantry, where hams, salamis, cheeses, 
honey, jam and nuts were stored. Overwhelmed by it all, the stoat could not 
make up his mind what to taste first. He jumped from one thing to another, 
munching all the time, till his tummy was full. Satisfied at last, he fell 
asleep. Then he woke again, had another feast and went back to sleep. With all
this food, his strength returned, and next day, the stoat was strong enough to
climb up to the topmost shelves and select the tastiest delicacies. By this 
time, he was just having a nibble here and a nibble there. But he never 
stopped eating: he went on and on and on. By now, he was very full indeed, as 
he chattered to himself: "Salami for starters . . . no, the ham's better! Some
soft cheese and a spot of mature cheese as well . . . I think I'll have a 
pickled sausage too . . ."
   In only a few days, the stoat had become very fat and his trouser button 
had popped off over a bulging tummy. But of course, the stoat's fantastic luck
could not last for ever.  
   One afternoon, the stoat froze in mid-munch at the creak of a door. Heavy 
footsteps thumped down the stairs, and the stoat looked helplessly round. Fear
of discovery sent him hunting for a way to escape. He ran towards the hole in 
the wall through which he had come. But though his head and shoulders entered 
the hole, his tummy, which had grown much larger since the day he had come in,
slmply would not pass. The stoat was in a dangerous position: he was stuck! 
Two thick hands grabbed him by the tail.
   "You horrid little robber! So you thought you'd get away, did you? I'll 
soon deal with you!" 
   Strange though it may sound, the only thought in the greedy stoat's head 
was a longing to be starving of hunger again . . .
Archive-name: books/holmes/list
Last change:
Wed Jun 10 16:47:51 EDT 1992
Here is the Holmes list. Changes from the last version [if any] are
detailed in another message.  Please send all additions, corrections,
etc., to me.
[Disclaimer: Many people have contributed entries to this list.  I have not
read all of them, so don't assume I know everything about each entry.]
Anderson, James:  Murder of Sherlock Holmes, The
Anderson, Poul:  "Eve Times Four"
Anderson, Poul:  "Martian Crown Jewels, The"
Anderson, Poul:  Midsummer Tempest, A
Anderson, Poul:  "Queen of Air and Darkness, The"
Anderson, Poul:  "Time Patrol"
Anderson, Poul et al:  "Adventure of the Misplaced Hound, The" (in EARTHMAN'S BU
Anderson, Poul et al:  "Napoleon Crime, The" (in HOKA!)
Andrews, Val:  Case of the Chief Rabbi's Problem, The
Andrews, Val:  Mystery of the Sealed Room, The
Andrews, Val:  Sherlock Holmes & the Brighton Pavilion Mystery
Andrews, Val:  Sherlock Holmes & the Arthritic Clergyman
Andrews, Val:  Sherlock Holmes & the Eminent Thespian
Andrews, Val:  Sherlock Holmes and the Theater Mystery
Andrews, Val :  Sherlock Holmes Balloon Modeling Act, A  (GAMES)
Andrews, Val:  Sherlock Holmes in Retirement
Andrews, Val (ed):  Use of Disguise in Crime Detection, The
Antidormi, Daniel:  Sherlock Holmes: My Brother's Keeper
Apple Cheeks Press:  Sherlock Holmes Cookbook (LIT)
Arnold, Alan:  Young Sherlock Holmes
Asimov, Isaac:  Asimov's Sherlockian Limericks
Asimov, Isaac et al (ed):  Sherlock Holmes Through Time & Space
Asimov, Isaac:  "Ultimate Crime, The"
Attanasio, A. A.:  (title unknown; in "Beast Marks")
Aubrey, Edmund:  Sherlock Holmes in Dallas
Austin, P.:  Firesign Theatre's Big Mystery Joke Book, The
Avalon Hill:  221B Baker Street (GAME)
Baker, Michael:  Doyle Diary, The
Bangs, John Kendrick:  House-Boat on the Styx, A
Bangs, John Kendrick:  Pursuit of the House-Boat, The
Baring, Maurice:  "From the Diary of Sherlock Holmes"
Baring-Gould, William S.:  Annotated Sherlock Holmes, The (LIT)
Baring-Gould, William S.:  Sherlock Holmes of Baker Street (LIT)
Bark, C.:  Mr. Holmes and the Fair Armenian
Bark, C.:  Mr. Holmes and the Love Bank
Barr, Robert:  Adventure of Sherlaw Kombs, The
Bell, H. W.:  Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson (LIT)
Benson, D. R.:  Sherlock Holmes in New York
Biggle, Lloyd, Jr.:  Glendower Conspiracy, The
Biggle, Lloyd, Jr.:  Quallsford Inheritance, The
Bilgrey, Marc:  Sherlock Holmes Cartoon Book, The
Blackbeard, Bill:  Sherlock Holmes in America (LIT)
Blakeney, T. S.:  Sherlock Holmes: Fact or Fiction? (LIT)
Boucher, Anthony:  "Adventure of the Bogle-Wolf, The"
Boucher, Anthony:  "Adventure of the Illustrious Imposter, The"
Boucher, Anthony:  "Anomaly of the Empty Man, The"
Boucher, Anthony:  Case of the Baker Street Irregulars, The
Boucher, Anthony:  "Greatest Tertian, The"
Boucher, Anthony:  Sherlockian Boucher, The
Boucher, Anthony et al:  Sincerely, Tony - Faithfully, Vincent (LIT)
Boyer, Richard L.:  Giant Rat of Sumatra, The
Bradley, C. Alan et al:  Ms. Holmes of Baker Street
Breen, John L.:  "Adventure of the Unique Holmes, The"
Brend, Gavin:  My Dear Holmes (LIT)
Bromberg, ?:  Rubik's Ruse
Bromberg, ?:  Flute Revenge
Brooks, Clive:  Sherlock Holmes Revisited, Vol. 1
Brooks, Walter R.:  Freddy the Detective
Brown, Russell A.:  Sherlock Holmes & the Mysterious Friend of Oscar Wilde
Bullard, Scott R. et al:  Who's Who in Sherlock Holmes (LIT)
Byerly, Ann:  "Doings at Dubuque: A Sherlockian Seminar, The" (LIT) (AD, V18, #1
Byrne, Evelyn B.:  Sherlockian Word Game (LIT)
Byrne, Evelyn B.:  Sherlockian Word Game, Volume II (LIT)
Cadaco:  Sherlock Holmes Game (GAMES)
Campbell, Maurice:  Hound of the Baskervilles: Dartmoor or Herefordshire?, The
Campbell, Maurice:  Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson: A Medical Digression
Cannon. P. H.:  Pulptime
Canton, Rolf John:  Sherlock Holmes Prepares for the Final Problem
Carr, John Dickson:  "Adventure of the Conk-Singleton Papers, The" (EQ 10/86)
Carr, John Dickson:  "Adventure of the Paradol Chamber, The"
Carr, John Dickson:  Life of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, The (LIT)
Cassiday, Bruce:  Roots of Detection
Chandler, A. Bertram:  "Kinsolving's Planet Irregulars, The" (GAL 07/69)
Chaosium:  Cthulhu by Gaslight (GAMES)
Chester, S. Beach:  Arsine Lepine-Herlock Soames Affair, the
Chokai, M.:  Sherlock Holmes & the Jewel & Other Plays
Christ, Jay Finley:  Irregular Chronology of S. Holmes of Baker St. (LIT)
Clese, John et al:  Strange Case of the End of Civilisation As We Know It, The
Clouston, J. Storer:  Truthful Lady, The
Collins, Randall:  Case of the Philosopher's Ring, The
Conaway, Judith:  Mysteries of Sherlock Holmes
Cook, Doris E.:  Sherlock Holmes & Much More (LIT)
Coopersmith, Jerome:  Baker Street
Copper, Basil:  Dossier of Solar Pons, The (P08)
Copper, Basil:  Further Adventures Solar Pons, The (P09)
Copper, Basil:  Secret Cases of Solar Pons, The (P10)
Copper, Basil:  Uncollected Cases of Solar Pons, The (P11)
Copps, Dale:  Sherlock Holmes Puzzle Book, The (GAMES)
Copps, Dale:  World's Greatest Sherlock Holmes Quiz, The (GAMES)
Coren, Alan:  Arthur and the Belly-Button Diamond
Coren, Alan:  Arthur and the Great Detective
Costello, Peter:  Real World of Sherlock Holmes (LIT)
Cover, Arthur Byron:  "Clam of Catastrophe, The" (in THE PLATYPUS OF DOOM)
Cover, Arthur Byron:  East Wind Coming, An
Coyle, Sir A. Donan:  Lost Professor, The
Cox, Don Richard:  Arthur Conan Doyle (LIT)
Creighton, Milt:  Dynamiters, The (GAMES) (H05)
Creighton, Milt:  Royal Flush, The (GAMES) (H07)
Dakin, D. Martin:  Sherlock Holmes Commentary, A (LIT)
Davies, Davis S.:  Fixed Point--The Life and Death of Sherlock Holmes
Davies, David S.:  Holmes of the Movies (CIN)
Davies, David S.:  Sherlock Holmes & the Hentzau Affair
de la Torre, Lillian:  "Adventure of the Persistent Marksman, The"
De Waal, Ronald Burt:  International Sherlock Holmes, The (LIT)
De Waal, Ronald Burt:  World Bibliography of Sherlock Holmes, The (LIT)
Derleth, August:  Adventures of Solar Pons, The (P01)
Derleth, August:  Adventure of the Unique Dickensians
Derleth, August:  Casebook of Solar Pons, The (P04)
Derleth, August:  Chronicles of Solar Pons, The (P02)
Derleth, August:  Memoirs of Solar Pons, The (P03)
Derleth, August:  Mr. Fairlie's Final Journey (P07)
Derleth, August:  Praed Street Dossier, A
Derleth, August:  Reminiscences of Solar Pons, The (P05)
Derleth, August:  Return of Solar Pons, The (P06)
Derleth, August:  Three Problems for Solar Pons
Dibdin, Michael:  Last Sherlock Holmes Story, The
Dicks, Terrance:  Baker St Irr & Case of Blackmail Boys
Dicks, Terrance:  Baker St Irr & Case of Cop Catchers
Dicks, Terrance:  Baker St Irr & Case of Crooked Kids
Dicks, Terrance:  Baker St Irr & Case of Cinema Swindle
Dicks, Terrance:  Baker St Irr & Case of Ghost Grabbers
Dicks, Terrance:  Baker St Irr & Case of Missing Masterpiece, The
Dicks, Terrance:  Dr. Who & the Talons of Weng-Chiang (D07)
Douglas, Carole Nelson:  Good Night, Mr. Holmes
Douglas, Carole Nelson:  Good Morning, Irene
Doyle, Adrian:  True Conan Doyle, The (LIT)
Doyle, Adrian et al:  Exploits of Sherlock Holmes, The
Doyle, Charles:  Doyle Diary, The
Doyle, Sir Arthur Conan:  Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, The
Doyle, Sir Arthur Conan:  Casebook of Sherlock Holmes, The
Doyle, Sir Arthur Conan:  Completing the Canon
Doyle, Sir Arthur Conan:  Edinburgh Stories, The
Doyle, Sir Arthur Conan:  Final Adv. of Sherlock Holmes, The (ed. P. Haining)
Doyle, Sir Arthur Conan:  His Last Bow
Doyle, Sir Arthur Conan:  Hound of the Baskervilles, The
Doyle, Sir Arthur Conan:  Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The
Doyle, Sir Arthur Conan:  Published Apocrypha, The (ed. Jack Tracy)
Doyle, Sir Arthur Conan:  Return of Sherlock Holmes, The
Doyle, Sir Arthur Conan:  Sign of Four, The
Doyle, Sir Arthur Conan:  Study in Scarlet, The
Doyle, Sir Arthur Conan:  Uncollected Sherlock Holmes, The (ed. Richard L. Green
Doyle, Sir Arthur Conan:  Valley of Fear, The
Doyle, P. J.:  Baker Street Dozen (LIT)
Dvorkin, David:  Time for Sherlock Holmes
Dudley, William:  Adventure of the Black Ruby, The
Dudley, William:  1895 in Retrospect
Dudley, William:  Untold Sherlock Holmes, The
Duffy, Bruce:  "The World as I Found It"
Eames, Hugh:  Sleuths, Inc. (LIT)
Eco, Umberto:  Name of the Rose, The
Eco, Umberto (ed):  Sign of Three, The (LIT)
Edwards, Owen Dudley:  Quest for Sherlock Holmes, The (LIT)
Eliot, T. S.:  Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats
Estleman, Loren D.:  "Dr. & Mrs. Watson at Home"
Estleman, Loren D.:  Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Holmes
Estleman, Loren D.:  Sherlock Holmes Vs. Dracula
Eyles, Allen:  Sherlock Holmes: A Centenary Celebration (LIT)
Farber, S. N.:  "Great Dormitory Mystery, The"
Farmer, Philip Jose:  Adventure of the Peerless Peer, The
Farmer, Philip Jose:  "Adventure of the Three Madmen, The"
Farmer, Philip Jose:  "Problem of the Sore Bridge - Among Others, The"
Farmer, Philip Jose:  "Scarletin Study, A"
Farmer, Philip Jose:  Tarzan Alive
Feuer, Lewis S.:  Case of the Revolutionist's Daughter, The
Fish, Robert L.:  "Adventure of the Dog in the Knight, The"
Fish, Robert L.:  Memoirs of Schlock Homes, The
Fish, Robert L.:  Incredible Schlock Homes, The
Fish, Robert L.:  Schlock Homes, The Complete Bagel Street Saga
Flinn, Denny Martin:  Lady Killer (K03)
Flinn, Denny Martin:  San Francisco Kills (K01)
Flinn, Denny Martin:  Killer Finish (K02)
Fordham University Press:  Baker Street Journal (quarterly)
Forsythe, Berkley:  Expo '98: Sherlock Holmes in Omaha
Fraser, Catherine:  "Accomplice in Love"
Fraser, Catherine:  "Adventure of the Haunted Inheritance, The"
Fraser, Catherine:  "Adventure of the Missing Wagons, The"
Fraser, Catherine:  "Adventure of the Three Letters, The"
Friesner, Esther M.:  Druid's Blood
Frow, Gerald:  Young Sherlock: The Adventure at Ferryman's Creek
Frow, Gerald:  Young Sherlock: Mystery of the Manor House
Gardner, John:  "Moriarty and the Real Underworld"
Gardner, John:  Return of Moriarty, The (M01)
Gardner, John:  Revenge of Moriarty, The (M02)
Gardner, Martin:  "Did Sherlock Holmes Meet Father Brown?"
Garrett, Randall:  Lord Darcy Investigates (D02)
Garrett, Randall:  Murder and Magic (D03)
Garrett, Randall:  Too Many Magicians (D01)
Geare, Michael:  Dracula's Diary
Gibson Games (UK):  Sherlock Holmes Card Game, The (GAME)
Gilbert, Michael:  "Two Footmen, The"
Gillette, William:  Painful Predicament of Sherlock Holmes, The
Gillette, William:  Sherlock Holmes
Giovanni, Paul:  Crucifer of Blood, The
Goldman, James:  They Might Be Giants
Goldman, Kelly:  Sherlick Hound and the Valentine Mystery
Goodenough, Simon:  Hound of the Baskervilles Murder Dossier, The
Goodenough, Simon:  Sign of the Four Murder Dossier, The
Goodenough, Simon:  Study in Scarlet Murder Dossier, The
Goodrich, W.:  Good Old Index (LIT?)
Granada Television:  Centenary Celebration of Sherlock Holmes (LIT)
Gravatt, Glenn:  Adventure of the Mysterious Lodger, The
Green, Richard L. (ed):  Further Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, The
Green, Richard L. (ed):  Letters to Sherlock Holmes (LIT)
Green, Richard L.:  Letters to the Press (LIT)
Green, Richard L.:  Sherlock Holmes Letters (LIT)
Green, Richard L. et al:  Bibliography of A. Conan Doyle, A (LIT)
Greenberg, Martin H. et al (ed):  New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, The
Greene, Hugh:  American Rivals of Sherlock Holmes
Greene, Hugh:  Cosmopolitan Crimes: Foreign Rivals of Sherlock Holmes
Greene, Hugh:  Further Rivals of Sherlock Holmes
Greene, Hugh:  Rivals of Sherlock Holmes
Greenwald, Ken:  Lost Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, The
Greenwood, L. B.:  Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Raleigh Legacy
Greenwood, L. B.:  Sherlock Holmes and the Case of Sabina Hall
Greenwood, L. B.:  Sherlock Holmes and the Thistle of Scotland
Gribbin, John:  "Carbon Papers, The" (ANALOG, 1/90)
Haining, Peter:  Sherlock Holmes Compendium, A (LIT)
Haining, Peter:  Sherlock Holmes Scrapbook, The (LIT)
Haining, Peter:  Television Sherlock Holmes, The (CIN)
Hall, Robert Lee:  Exit Sherlock Holmes
Hall, Robert Lee:  King Edward Plot, The
Hall, Trevor H.:  Last Case of Sherlock Holmes, The (LIT)
Hall, Trevor H.:  Late Mr. Sherlock Holmes, The (LIT)
Hall, Trevor:  Sherlock Holmes: Ten Literary Studies (LIT)
Hall, Trevor:  Sherlock Holmes and His Creator (LIT)
Halliwell, Leslie:  "Ghost of Sherlock Holmes, The"
Hamilton, J. R.:  My Life with Sherlock Holmes
Hammer, David L.:  For the Sake of the Game (LIT)
Hammer, David L.:  Game Is Afoot (LIT)
Hapi:  Adamantine Sherlock Holmes: The Adventures in Tibet and India, The
Hardwick, Michael:  Complete Guide to Holmes (LIT)
Hardwick, Michael:  Four More Sherlock Holmes Plays
Hardwick, Michael:  Four Sherlock Holmes Plays
Hardwick, Michael:  Game's Afoot, The
Hardwick, Michael:  Hound of the Baskervilles & other Plays, The
Hardwick, Michael:  Man Who was Sherlock Holmes, The (LIT)
Hardwick, Michael:  Prisoner of the Devil
Hardwick, Michael:  Private Life of Dr. Watson, The
Hardwick, Michael:  Private Life of Sherlock Holmes, The
Hardwick, Michael:  Revenge of the Hound, The
Hardwick, Michael et al:  Sherlock Holmes Companion, The (LIT)
Hardwick, Michael:  Sherlock Holmes Investigates
Hardwick, Michael:  Sherlock Holmes: My Life and Crimes
Harrington, Joyce:  "Adventure of the Gowanus Abduction, The"
Harrison, Michael:  Beyond Baker Street (LIT)
Harrison, Michael:  I, Sherlock Holmes
Harrison, Michael:  Immortal Sleuth (LIT)
Harrison, Michael:  In The Footsteps of Sherlock Holmes (LIT)
Harrison, Michael:  London by Gaslight (LIT?)
Harrison, Michael:  London of Sherlock Holmes, The (LIT)
Harrison, Michael:  "Sherlock Holmes and THE Woman"
Harrison, Michael:  "Study in Surmise, A" (EQ 02/71)
Harrison, Michael:  World of Sherlock Holmes, The (LIT)
Hassinger, Sebastian:  "Adventure of the Microscopic Gear, The" (EDGE DETECTOR 8
Haubold, Cleve:  Sherlock Holmes and the Curious Adventure of the Clockwork Prin
Haughey, Thomas:  Case of the Frozen Scream, The
Haughey, Thomas:  Case of the Invisible Thief, The
Haughey, Thomas:  Case of the Kidnapped Shadow, The
Haughey, Thomas:  Case of the Maltese Treasure, The
Haughey, Thomas:  Case of the Unbolted Lightning, The
Hawke, Simon:  Dracula Caper (T08)
Haycock, Ron:  Deerstalker! Holmes and Watson on Screen (CIN)
Heard, H. F.:  "Mr. Montalba, Obsequist"
Heard, H. F.:  Notched Hairpin, The
Heard, H. F.:  Reply Paid
Heard, H. F.:  Taste for Honey, A
Heath, Lester:  Case of the Aluminum Crutch, The
Heidenfield, H.:  "True Adventure of the Second Stain, The" (EQ 02/69)
Higashiyama, Akane:  Sherlock Holmes in Japan (LIT)
Higham, Charles:  Adventures of Conan Doyle, The (LIT)
Hoch, Edward D.:  "Return of the Speckled Band, The"
Hodel, Michael P. et al:  Enter the Lion
Holms, G. Randolph:  Hounds of the Vatican, The
Holroyd, J. E. (ed):  Seventeen Steps to 221B (LIT)
Hopwood, C. & Doyle:  Sherlock Holmes Mystery Book
Hornung, ?:  Amateur Cracksman, The
Howell, Wayne:  The Bacchus Club Mystery
Hubbell, Ned:  Adventures of Creighton Holmes, The
Hughes, Dorothy B.:  "Sherlock Holmes and the Muffin"
Iraldi, James C.:  Problem of the Purple Maculas, The
Jackson, Marian J. A.:  Arabian Pearl, The (J02)
Jackson, Marian J.A.:  Cat's Eye, The (J03)
Jackson, Marian J. A.:  Punjat's Ruby, The (J01)
Jaffy, Mary & Irving:  Beyond Baker Street
Jeffers, H. Paul:  Adventure of the Stalwart Companions, The
Jeffers, H. Paul:  Murder Most Irregular
John N. Hansen Co.:  221 B Baker Street (Sets 1-8) (GAMES)
Jones, Barry:  "Shadows on the Lawn"
Jones, Kevin I.:  Sherlock Holmes & the South-Eastern (cancelled)
Jones, Kevin I.:  Sherlock Holmes Murder File
Kaminsky, Stuart M.:  "Final Toast, The"
Karr, Phyllis Ann:  Idylls of the Queen
Kaye, Marvin:  Incredible Umbrella
Kaye, Marvin:  Amorous Umbrella (?)
Keane, John:  Sherlock Bones
Keating, H. R. F.:  Sherlock Holmes, the Man and His World (LIT)
Keating, H. R. F.:  "Trifling Affair, A"
Keddie, James, Jr.:  Second Cab, The (LIT)
Keefauver, Brad:  Elementary Methods of Sherlock Holmes (LIT)
Kellogg, Richard L.:  Little Girl and Mister Holmes, The
Kennedy, Bruce:  Mycroft (LIT)
Kennedy, Bruce (ed):  Four Wheels to Baker Street (LIT)
Kimball, Richard L.:  Dr. John H. Watson at Netley
King, Stephen:  "Doctor's Case, The"
Klinefelter, Walter:  Sherlock Holmes in Portrait & Profile (CIN)
Knight, Bernard:  "Sherlock Holmes Returns to the Case" (New Scientist 24/12/88)
Kobayashi, Tsukasa:  Sherlock Holmes's London (LIT)
Kotzwinkle, William:  Trouble in Bugland
Krause, Marguerite:  Adventure of the Vanishing Corpse, The
Kurland, Michael:  Death by Gaslight (M02)
Kurland, Michael:  Infernal Device, The (M01)
Kurland, Michael:  Murder Trust, The (M03)
Kurland, Michael:  Study in Sorcery, A
Kurland, Michael:  Ten Little Wizards
Lachtman, Howard:  Sherlock Slept Here (LIT)
Lane, W.:  Sherlock Holmes and the Wood Green Empire Mystery
Lanier, Sterling:  "Father's Tale, A"
Lauterbach, Charles E.:  Baker St. Ballads
Lauterbach, Charles E.:  More Baker St. Ballads
Le Blanc, Maurice:  Arsene Lupin contre Herlock Sholmes
Le Blanc, Maurice:  Case of the Golden Blonde, The
Le Blanc, Maurice:  Extraordinary Adventures of Arsene Lupin, The
Leacock, Stephen:  "Great Detective, the"
Lear, Anne:  "Adventure of the Global Traveller, The"
Ledgard, H.:  Elementary Basic (by Dr. Watson) (MATH)
Ledgard, H.:  Elementary Pascal (by Dr. Watson) (MATH)
Ledgard, H.:  From Baker Street to Binary (by Dr. Watson) (MATH)
Lepine, Arsene:  Herlock Soames
Lehmann, R.:  Adventures of Picklock Holes
Lehmann, R.:  Return of Picklock Holes, the
Lellenberg, Jon L. (ed):  Quest for Sir A. C. Doyle (LIT)
Lennon, John:  "Singularge Experience of Miss Anne Duffield, The"
Lescroart, John T.:  Rasputin's Revenge (L02)
Lescroart, John T.:  Son of Holmes (L01)
Leslie, F. Andrew:  Hound of the Baskervilles, The
Lester, Paul:  Sherlock Holmes in Birmingham (LIT)
Lewis, Arthur H.:  Copper Beeches, The
Liebow, ?:  Dr. Joe Bell, Model for Sherlock Holmes (LIT)
Lientz, Gerald:  Crown vs. Dr. Watson, The (GAMES) (H04)
Lientz, Gerald:  Death at Appledore Towers (GAMES) (H03)
Lientz, Gerald:  Honour of the Yorkshire Light Artillery, The (GAMES) (H06)
Lientz, Gerald:  Murder at the Diogenes Club (GAMES) (H01)
Lovesy, Peter:  "Curious Computer, The"
Lovisi, Gary:  Loss of the British Bark Sophy Anderson, The
Lovisi, Gary:  Relics of Sherlock Holmes (LIT)
Lovisi, Gary:  Sherlock Holmes--the Great Detective in Paperback (LIT)
Lupoff, Richard:  "God of the Naked Unicorn, The"
Lutz, John:  "Infernal Machine, The"
McDaniel, David:  Dagger Affair, The
McDaniel, David:  Rainbow Affair, The
McQueen, Ian:  Sherlock Holmes Detected (LIT)
Mager, Gus:  Sherlocko the Monk
Malec, Andrew:  Molding the Image (CIN)
Marks, Peter:  Skullduggery
Mattes, Kate:  "Sherlock at His Best" (GBH 12/88) (LIT)
Matthias, Lee A.:  Pandora Plague, The
Mayhar, Ardath:  "Affair of the Midnight Midget, the"
Metcalf, Norman (ed):  Science-Fictional Sherlock Holmes, The
Meyer, Nicholas:  Seven-Per-Cent Solution, The
Meyer, Nicholas:  West End Horror, The
