woman."
  "I should think the whole camp was crying out by then. As to
the other points, I think I could suggest a solution."
  "I should be glad to consider it."
  "The two were together, ten yards from the cage, when the
lion got loose. The man turned and was struck down. The
woman conceived the idea of getting into the cage and shutting
the door. It was her only refuge. She made for it, and just as she
reached it the beast bounded after her and knocked her over. She
was angry with her husband for having encouraged the beast's
rage by turning. If they had faced it they might have cowed it.
Hence her cries of 'Coward!' "
  "Brilliant, Watson! Only one flaw in your diamond."
  "What is the flaw, Holmes?"
  "If they were both ten paces from the cage, how came the
beast to get loose?"
  "Is it possible that they had some enemy who loosed it?"
  "And why should it attack them savagely when it was in the
habit of playing with them, and doing tricks with them inside the
cage?"
  "Possibly the same enemy had done something to enrage it."
  Holmes looked thoughtful and remained in silence for some
moments.
  "Well, Watson, there is this to be said for your theory.
Ronder was a man of many enemies. Edmunds told me that in
his cups he was horrible. A huge bully of a man, he cursed and
slashed at everyone who came in his way. I expect those cries
about a monster, of which our visitor has spoken, were nocturnal
reminiscences of the dear departed. However, our speculations
are futile until we have all the facts. There is a cold partridge on
the sideboard, Watson, and a bottle of Montrachet. Let us renew
our energies before we make a fresh call upon them."
  When our hansom deposited us at the house of Mrs. Merrilow,
we found that plump lady blocking up the open door of her
humble but retired abode. It was very clear that her chief
preoccupation was lest she should lose a valuable lodger, and she
implored us, before showing us up, to say and do nothing which
could lead to so undesirable an end. Then, having reassured her,
we followed her up the straight, badly carpeted staircase and
were shown into the room of the mysterious lodger.
  It was a close, musty, ill-ventilated place, as might be ex-
pected, since its inmate seldom left it. From keeping beasts in a
cage, the woman seemed, by some retribution of fate, to have
become herself a beast in a cage. She sat now in a broken arm-
chair in the shadowy corner of the room. Long years of inaction
had coarsened the lines of her figure, but at some period it must
have been beautiful, and was still full and voluptuous. A thick
dark veil covered her face, but it was cut off close at her upper
lip and disclosed a perfectly shaped mouth and a delicately
rounded chin. I could well conceive that she had indeed been a
very remarkable woman. Her voice, too, was well modulated
and pleasing.
  "My name is not unfamiliar to you, Mr. Holmes," said she.
"I thought that it would bring you."
  "That is so, madam, though I do not know how you are aware
that I was interested in your case."
  "l learned it when I had recovered my health and was exam-
ined by Mr. Edmunds, the county detective. I fear I lied to him.
Perhaps it would have been wiser had I told the truth."
  "It is usually wiser to tell the truth. But why did you lie to
him?"
  "Because the fate of someone else depended upon it. I know
that he was a very worthless being, and yet I would not have his
destruction upon my conscience. We had been so close -- so
close!"
  "But has this impediment been removed?"
  "Yes, sir. The person that I allude to is dead."
  "Then why should you not now tell the police anything you
know?"
  "Because there is another person to be considered. That other
person is myself. I could not stand the scandal and publicity
which would come from a police examination. I have not long to
live, but I wish to die undisturbed. And yet I wanted to find one
man of judgment to whom I could tell my terrible story, so that
when I am gone all might be understood."
  "You compliment me, madam. At the same time, I am a
responsible person. I do not promise you that when you have
spoken I may not myself think it my duty to refer the case to the
police."
  "I think not, Mr. Holmes. I know your character and methods
too well, for I have followed your work for some years. Reading
is the only pleasure which fate has left me, and I miss little
which passes in the world. But in any case, I will take my
chance of the use which you may make of my tragedy. It will
ease my mind to tell it."
  "My friend and I would be glad to hear it."
  The woman rose and took from a drawer the photograph of a
man. He was clearly a professional acrobat, a man of magnifi-
cent physique, taken with his huge arms folded across his swollen
chest and a smile breaking from under his heavy moustache -- the
self-satisfied smile of the man of many conquests.
  "That is Leonardo," she said.
  "Leonardo, the strong man, who gave evidence?"
  "The same. And this -- this is my husband."
  It was a dreadful face -- a human pig, or rather a human wild
boar, for it was formidable in its bestiality. One could imagine
that vile mouth champing and foaming in its rage, and one could
conceive those small, vicious eyes darting pure malignancy as
they looked forth upon the world. Ruffian, bully, beast -- it was
all written on that heavy-jowled face.
  "Those two pictures will help you, gentlemen, to understand
the story. I was a poor circus girl brought up on the sawdust, and
doing springs through the hoop before I was ten. When I became
a woman this man loved me, if such lust as his can be called
love, and in an evil moment I became his wife. From that day I
was in hell, and he the devil who tormented me. There was no
one in the show who did not know of his treatment. He deserted
me for others. He tied me down and lashed me with his riding-
whip when I complained. They all pitied me and they all loathed
him, but what could they do? They feared him, one and all. For
he was terrible at all times, and murderous when he was drunk.
Again and again he was had up for assault, and for cruelty to the
beasts, but he had plenty of money and the fines were nothing to
him. The best men all left us, and the show began to go
downhill. It was only Leonardo and I who kept it up -- with little
Jimmy Griggs, the clown. Poor devil, he had not much to be
funny about, but he did what he could to hold things together.
  "Then Leonardo came more and more into my life. You see
what he was like. I know now the poor spirit that was hidden in
that splendid body, but compared to my husband he seemed like
the angel Gabriel. He pitied me and helped me, till at last our
intimacy turned to love -- deep, deep, passionate love, such love
as I had dreamed of but never hoped to feel. My husband
suspected it, but I think that he was a coward as well as a bully,
and that Leonardo was the one man that he was afraid of. He
took revenge in his own way by torturing me more than ever.
One night my cries brought Leonardo to the door of our van. We
were near tragedy that night, and soon my lover and I understood
that it could not be avoided. My husband was not fit to live. We
planned that he should die.
  "Leonardo had a clever, scheming brain. It was he who
planned it. I do not say that to blame him, for I was ready to go
with him every inch of the way. But I should never have had the
wit to think of such a plan. We made a club -- Leonardo made
it -- and in the leaden head he fastened five long steel nails, the
points outward, with just such a spread as the lion's paw. This
was to give my husband his death-blow, and yet to leave the
evidence that it was the lion which we would loose who had
done the deed.
  "It was a pitch-dark night when my husband and I went
down, as was our custom, to feed the beast. We carried with us
the raw meat in a zinc pail. Leonardo was waiting at the corner
of the big van which we should have to pass before we reached
the cage. He was too slow, and we walked past him before he
could strike, but he followed us on tiptoe and I heard the crash as
the club smashed my husband's skull. My heart leaped with joy
at the sound. I sprang forward, and I undid the catch which held
the door of the great lion's cage.
  "And then the terrible thing happened. You may have heard
how quick these creatures are to scent human blood, and how it
excites them. Some strange instinct had told the creature in one
instant that a human being had been slain. As I slipped the bars it
bounded out and was on me in an instant. Leonardo could have
saved me. If he had rushed forward and struck the beast with his
club he might have cowed it. But the man lost his nerve. I heard
him shout in his terror, and then I saw him turn and fly. At the
same instant the teeth of the lion met in my face. Its hot, filthy
breath had already poisoned me and I was hardly conscious of
pain. With the palms of my hands I tried to push the great
steaming, blood-stained jaws away from me, and I screamed for
help. I was conscious that the camp was stirring, and then dimly
I remembered a group of men. Leonardo, Griggs, and others,
dragging me from under the creature's paws. That was my last
memory, Mr. Holmes, for many a weary month. When I came to
myself and saw myself in the mirror, I cursed that lion -- oh, how
I cursed him! -- not because he had torn away my beauty but
because he had not torn away my life. I had but one desire, Mr.
Holmes, and I had enough money to gratify it. It was that I
should cover myself so that my poor face should be seen by
none, and that I should dwell where none whom I had ever
known should find me. That was all that was left to me to
do -- and that is what I have done. A poor wounded beast that has
crawled into its hole to die -- that is the end of Eugenia Ronder."
  We sat in silence for some time after the unhappy woman had
told her story. Then Holmes stretched out his long arm and
patted her hand with such a show of sympathy as I had seldom
known him to exhibit.
  "Poor girl!" he said. "Poor girl! The ways of fate are indeed
hard to understand. If there is not some compensation hereafter,
then the world is a cruel jest. But what of this man Leonardo?"
  "I never saw him or heard from him again. Perhaps I have
been wrong to feel so bitterly against him. He might as soon
have loved one of the freaks whom we carried round the country
as the thing which the lion had left. But a woman's love is not so
easily set aside. He had left me under the beast's claws, he had
deserted me in my need, and yet I could not bring myself to give
him to the gallows. For myself, I cared nothing what became of
me. What could be more dreadful than my actual life? But I
stood between Leonardo and his fate."
  "And he is dead?"
  "He was drowned last month when bathing near Margate. I
saw his death in the paper."
  "And what did he do with this five-clawed club, which is the
most singular and ingenious part of all your story?"
  "I cannot tell, Mr. Holmes. There is a chalk-pit by the camp,
with a deep green pool at the base of it. Perhaps in the depths of
that pool --"
  "Well, well, it is of little consequence now. The case is
closed."
  "Yes," said the woman, "the case is closed."
  We had risen to go, but there was something in the woman's
voice which arrested Holmes's attention. He turned swiftly upon
her.
  "Your life is not your own," he said. "Keep your hands off
it."
  "What use is it to anyone?"
  "How can you tell? The example of patient suffering is in
itself the most precious of all lessons to an impatient world."
  The woman's answer was a terrible one. She raised her veil
and stepped forward into the light.
  "I wonder if you would bear it," she said.
  It was horrible. No words can describe the framework of a
face when the face itself is gone. Two living and beautiful brown
eyes looking sadly out from that grisly ruin did but make the
view more awful. Holmes held up his hand in a gesture of pity
and protest, and together we left the room.
  Two days later, when I called upon my friend, he pointed with
some pride to a small blue bottle upon his mantelpiece. I picked
it up. There was a red poison label. A pleasant almondy odour
rose when I opened it.
  "Prussic acid?" said 1.
  "Exactly. It came by post. 'I send you my temptation. I will
follow your advice.' That was the message. I think, Watson, we
can guess the name of the brave woman who sent it."
The Vigilante
Hello, Greetings, Salutations, etc,
Well, its finally here.  The latest chapter of The Vigilante.
Please forgive me for the horrendous delay but I've been trying.
Following are as far as I know the latest versions of all previous
chapters of my epic master piece.  Along with the newest.
I've tried to atleast spell check the thing, so at least that much is
right.  As for continuity, flow, readability, wellll, I don't
think its too bad, but I've been looking at it tooo much lately.
I am *VERY* interested in any and all comments.  Please
let me know what you like, don't like, have trouble following etc.
I am receptive to all feed back.  also knowing people are reading
my stuff keeps me writing.
If there are any major flow errors please let me know,
even send the offending portion, I had to recover a
large portion from a major disk failure and may have
lost some portions.
For those not familure with the Vigilante, it is
a work in process,(has been for over a year now)
It is a Star Trek the Next Generation Universe story
but follows a different ship and crew.  The Big E
and gang only make cameo appearences.
I hope you enjoy it and I hope to work on and maybe even
finish the last chapter, VI "Full Circle" some time this year.
Larry
1160 Boyer Rd
Erie, Pa 16511
len101@psuvm.psu.edu
The following is a ST:TNG universe story, all rights reserved.
Permission is granted to copy and distribute to anybody
free of charge.  If anybody includes in in a Fanzine or anything,
just let me know and send me a copy.  and of course always include
this header or a better version of it :)
Standard disclaimers apply,
All Poetry taken from the _Collected Works of Robert Service_
without permission but great respect
Larry
---------
Lawrence Nagy
1160 Boyer Rd
Erie PA 16511
as always, any feedback, comments, discussion, money, uncancled non-US
postage stamps are always welcome and appreciated.
                  T H E   V I G I L A N T E
                              I
                        "The Drawing"
Have ever you heard of the Land of Beyond,
    That dreams at the gates of the day?
Alluring it lies at the skirts of the skies,
    and ever so far away;
Alluring it calls: O ye the yoke galls,
    and ye of the trail overfond,
With saddle and pack, by paddle and track,
    Let's go to the land of beyond!
                                   ....
                        Robert Service
                        "THE LAND OF BEYOND"
    The Tau-Epsilon star system was remote even by Star Fleet
standards, of course this was one of the reasons it was
chosen.  It was also a very crowded system with twelve
planets and 6 different asteroid belts.  The five innermost
planets were 'rocks' with the rest being gas giants.  The
system also had a very uneven planetary plane making the
inner planets a little bit more difficult to approach.
    The fourth planet from the yellow Tau-Epsilon sun had a
barely breathable atmosphere.  In years past there had been a
small mining operation on the planet but it had been
abandoned for a more profitable system.  The habitats left
behind, however, had made a great base camp for the project
now nearing completion.
    Star Fleet didn't normally make a habit of constructing a
star ship in such a remote location.  This ship, however, was
extremely unique not only in its design but also in its
mission.
    The flat black of the space dock girders hung in a close
orbit around TE-4.  Inside the frame work was a truly
different star ship.  The large saucer section and warp
engines made it unmistakably Star Fleet.  The saucer section
was obviously old, even the lowest cadet at the academy would
know that it shouldn't be tied to the new style warp engines
especially four of them.  There were a number other things
that a trained eye would pick out wrong with this ship.  Some
that shouldn't be on a saucer section that old and others
that simply were not Star Fleet standard.
    Along the girders were a number of prefabricated
buildings.  All habitats for the workers and equipment were
contained in the buildings set up along the girders.  These
accommodations would normally be provided for either planet
side or in a nearby space station.  That, however, was quite
impractical here.  Once the space dock was completed the
workers were grateful to be away from the old mining
habitats.  The VE-4 space dock had become a self contained
world with but one purpose, build the ship.
    Most of the construction and workers were no longer
visible as they had moved inside the ship to make it space
worthy.  A few white suited workers could be seen along the
girders and in and around the ship tying up loose ends.
    Standing alone barely noticeable against the black of the
girders and the continuous night about them was a lone figure
in a black pressure suit.  As construction neared completion
the man came and stood here more often, staring at the ship.
    Captain Anthony watched his ship near completion, and
thought of the mission ahead, it was suicide by it's very
nature.  This, however, hadn't deterred him from accepting
command.  It also didn't have an effect on volunteers to crew
the ship even though no one knew the ship, its name its
design or its mission.  All that was known was that it was
extremely hazardous duty with only single, unattached and
experienced personnel considered for duty.
    Anthony glanced down at the displays in his helmet, the
Enterprise should be arriving soon he thought, it had entered
the system just before he had stepped out.  The security for
the sector and the system was extremely tight.  The
Enterprise would approach so as always to have TE-4 between
it and the Space Dock.  The fewer people who saw the ship or
even knew about it the better.  The consequences of
information falling into the wrong hands Picard and the
officers of the Enterprise knew all too well.
    This is why Enterprise was the only ship that visited
TE-4.  It is also why there were no records being kept of the
visits and the sensors were never used to check the
construction site.  Simple beacons and indirect
communications were the only proof the Enterprise had that
anything was here at all.  The only reason Picard went along
with this was that he knew the basic, ultimate mission of
what ever was happening here, that was enough.
----------
    "Sir, approaching minimum distance to beacon signal." A
young navigator said as the Enterprise entered orbit about
the barren TE-4.
    "Thank you, Ensign" said Captain Picard.  He then turned
to his first officer and said "Number one, inform our guests
to gather their belongings and report to their designated
transporter....."
    The navigator pushed a strand of her red hair off her
forehead and stared at the planet on the view screen.  In the
background she could hear the conversation of the bridge
crew, however unless she picked up something pertaining to
her or her job she just filtered the noise out.
    Ensign O'Malley was a dreamer and self proclaimed
romantic.  She was born on the feral colony on Vega-5 and
adopted when she was twelve by Doctor Peter O'Malley.  The
ships physician of the first star ship to visit V-5 in over
200 years.  Many of the warlords of V-5 rejected Star Fleet
claiming the colony was settled before the current Federation
charter was signed, therefore, they were protected by the
Prime Directive.  After months of negotiations Star Fleet
finally pulled out, but not before little Janice had been
adopted.
    She had been on board the Enterprise for quite some time
but rarely worked with top bridge crew.  Her normal shift was
usually second or third by the ships schedule.  The only
times she worked with them was in special situations when the
captain's presence was required during her shift or an
emergency arrived.  The only problem was that during
emergencies she was usually relieved for the more experienced
first shift navigator.  This was one of those rare occasions
when something important enough was happening during her
shift to bring the Captain out of his hole but not important
enough for them to bring the whole first shift crew to the
bridge.
    Janice O'Malley always dreamed of what lay just out of
sight.  She had that desire to open a closed door, turn just
one more corner, to look to the other side of the horizon.
This caused great conflict in her during these missions, she
greatly wished to conjecture to her shipmates her ideas as to
what was on the other side of this horizon.  However, for
security reasons all talk on the subject was prohibited.
    During the first trip to the system Ensign O'Malley had
noticed that the automatic navigation log had been disengaged
prior to her shift.  When she brought this up with the
officer of the shift he reminded her of the no record order
by Star Fleet and all automatic logs had been deactivated.
It was highly stressed that no one should talk about or enter
personal logs that revealed any details of the mission.
----------
    Standing along the corridors of one of the lower decks
was a long line of assorted Star Fleet personnel with bags
packed and mostly looks of irritation.  They had been
relegated to one small (comparatively) area of the ship, then
basically quarantined.  The regular personnel had no contact
with them and they were not permitted in other parts of the
ship without an escort.  Even though the need for extreme
security was carefully laid out to them there was still
enough complaining from a few to make the whole lot start
feeling discontentment.
    "I can't believe it, they keep us holed up in one area of
this enormous ship for the whole trip than they don't even
have the decency to use all of their transporters to get us
out of here quickly.  Its like first they don't want us here
than they don't want us to leave." The man sounding off was
one of the usual complainers.  He was a large, barrel shaped,
bearded human who was apparently some sort of expert in
weaponry but no one was quite sure since he boasted
proficiency in just about everything.
    "Mr Dolittel, why don't you bless us with your silence
for once.  We're finally getting somewhere and we still must
listen to you babble on."  The speaker was about ten places
down the hall from Dolittel.  She was a dark skinned humanoid
who could look Dolittel square in the chest.   She was slim
and well proportioned compared to a human female and wore the
yellow uniform and insignia of security.  She was not tall by
any means but was well muscled.  She had a high forehead
reminiscent of a Klingon but wasn't one.  Her long black hair
was pulled into a braid and hung down the middle of her back.
    "Commander Tarva, Sir, I didn't see you there." Dolittel
mumbled and turned back toward the transporter room.
Dolittel's griping had come to a halt, at least for a while.
    Tarva stood patiently with her satchel at her feet.  Her
stance was a classic military at-ease posture.  Though a Star
Fleet Academy alumni her up bringing and background on her
home-world was very strict military.  It was this strict
military background that helped her move quickly up through
the pseudo-military Star Fleet.
    She could hear the constant hum of the transporters in
the room ahead as the line slowly moved forward.  Suspicious
by nature and profession she could not help but feel they
were lined up like 'algots going to the slaughter'.
----------
    As the Enterprise's transporter room dissolved around
her, a new one took its place.  The room was extremely large
maybe ten times the size of Enterprise's if not larger.  Her
background immediately showed it self again as she figured
one could transport nearly a whole Kalonian battalion at one
time from here.
    "I told you, they could have transported us here in a
quarter of the time if they wanted to." of course Dolittel
would be the first thing she'd hear upon arrival.
    Standing in front of the control panel for this section
of the transporter was a average hight, slightly balding
human with long, black-gray hair pulled back in a pony tail.
The man was wearing a loose fitting black uniform with no
visible sign of rank but some standard Star Fleet insignia.
The uniform had several large pockets on the jacket and more
on the pants, even on the lower parts of the legs.
    The shoes seemed out of place with the obvious utility of
the uniform, they were soft low cut with a sole that could
barely be described as firm.  It occurred to Tarva that these
were not standard for the uniform but were in fact boot
liners for a pressure suit.  The realization made her smile
and think "I'm going to like this man".
    A man in white coveralls of a construction worker stepped
forward and asked for their I.D. cards.  These he handed to
the man in the black uniform.  The man looked at each card
and though it was obvious he had done this with every person
who had come aboard he still actually read at least the name
on each card.  It was not as if he were looking for someone,
it was as if he were trying to match everybody's name and
face the first time by.
    "Welcome aboard" he said as he handed the cards back to
the man in the coveralls.  "I'm Captain Anthony," the hum of
another portion of the large transporter could be heard next
to them. "please follow this gentleman he'll show you to your
quarters.  Be patient, this ship is still under construction,
some things aren't working yet and your also going to have to
share quarters with more personnel than they were designed
for until others are ready".  As they gathered their
belongings and stepped off the transporter a woman in white
coveralls asked the new arrivals on the other transporter for
their I.D. cards.
    "Commander Tarva." the captain said as Tarva turned to
exit with her group.
    "Yes, Sir." she said facing the captain and coming to
attention.
    "Please report back here after you get settled."
    "Yes, Sir." she repeated as the captain turned his
attention to the new batch of I.D. cards, the transporter pad
she was just on hummed with new arrivals.  Many people would
have thought Captain Anthony rude with them or at least curt.
Not Tarva, her only impression was that this man was
extremely busy.
    Too much was happening around Tarva for her to fully
appreciate it.  Workers in different styles of the white
coveralls worked all around, bunches of optical cord hung
from open ceiling panels, sparks flew from welding
torches..still under construction was an understatement.
    Tarva also thought of the captain's order, to report to
him as soon as she was 'settled'.  She wasn't quite sure how
soon this man expected her, she'd just have to do things one
at a time.  The first would be to unpack then find her way
back to the transporter room.  She still couldn't help
wondering what the Captain wanted with her, perhaps he had an
assignment for her.  It would have to be important to signal
her out, perhaps Chief of Security.  This wasn't too much to
expect since she was Chief of Security on the Eclipse.  Even
if it was an escort ship it was still a responsible position.
What ever it was, it had to be one of the top security
positions, her background was too extensive to be simply
standing guard on the transporter room.
    A cabin door slid open and the man in white said that
there was room for one more in these quarters. "and remember"
he said "these are just temporary until the rest are
completed."  Somehow, Tarva found herself standing at the
front of her group, so she stepped in.
    "Do you believe this, they have eight of us crammed into
what is obviously meant for four.  This is a freaking
enlisted barracks.  What kind of chicken outfit is this
anyway?"  The all too familiar voice came from what was
apparently the head.
    Tarva walked over to the one bunk that was slightly
separated from the rest, it was, without a doubt, the prime
real estate of the room.  All other occupants were at their
own bunks, the only other empty one was a built in top bunk,
the least desirable in the room.  Tarva picked up the
equipment already on her bunk of choice and dropped it in the
middle of the room and put her own in its place.  The other
occupants in the room were Dolittel's regular companions but
they said nothing, just did their best to ignore her.
    A chime sounded on one of the walls and a name appeared
on a computer screen.  "That's mine." one of her room mates
said and got up to retrieve a stack of folded black cloth
from a drawer that came out of the wall as he approached.  He
then joined Dolittel in the head.
    "What's that?" She asked, somebody had to say something
eventually.
    In response, a tall blonde haired woman sitting on the
far side of the room tossed Tarva a laminated card.
Welcome aboard the U.S.S. Vigilante.
--- There will be a mandatory meeting for all personnel at
    0830 in shuttle bay 1.  This should give all a chance to
    get settled.  All crew assignments will be handed out at
    this time.
--- Ship's uniforms are available from the replicators in
    each room, just program required size.  Standard Star
    Fleet issue boots are appropriate. (a slight wait may be
    necessary, full power is currently not on line)
--- Please make yourself as comfortable as possible,
    as soon as more quarters are finished they will be
    assigned.
Tarva checked her time piece, 0600, they had plenty of time
to get the whole crew over from the Enterprise even at the
current rate.
    "Who put my stuff in the middle of the floor?!" Dolittel
bellowed as he emerged from the head wiping water from his
face with a small towel.  He was already wearing a black
uniform identical to what the captain had.  His shoulders
filled the doorway and his hair brushed against the top of
the frame.  His gaze then shifted to the bunk he had claimed
with his gear.
    Tarva smiled slightly and said "I honestly think you'll
be more comfortable on one of the regular beds, these
temporary cots are quite lumpy".
    Dolittel looked at his friends and, for a moment, it
seemed as if he would stand up to Tarva.  Instead he picked
up his bags and threw them up on the empty bunk.  "What are
you doing here, Sir?" he said to Tarva.
    "Everyone must make sacrifices, Mr. Dolittel." She
responded.  Then said "Computer".
    "WORKING" replied the generic female voice.
    "Commander Tarva requesting complete ship's uniform" she
then gave size and other particulars.
    "Your going to have a wait we've all placed our orders
and only two have come back so far." said the tall blonde.
    Just then the chime rang again and another of the gang
said that it must be his.  As he approached the drawer he
looked at the screen and saw Tarva's name flashing.  "This
things fouled up." he said "It says here it's the Commander's
stuff." and gestured toward Tarva.  He held up the pants they
were too small for anybody in the room except for Tarva.
    "Thank you." she said and took the bundle to the head.
She stood in the door way looking inside.  The crew member
who had just went in to change came out immediately.  He was
half dressed and wore only the baggy uniform pants and black
tank top type under shirt.  The rest of his uniforms he had
obviously gathered quickly and had them bunched under one
arm.
    "There's got to be some mistake, this thing's got the
rest of us qued up in the same sequence we placed our
orders." said the Lieutenant by the replicator.
    "Typical of this place," said Dolittel "even the computer
doesn't know what the hell it's doin'.  But don't worry, I'll
get things straightened around soon as they let me get to
work."
    Tarva stood in the restroom in front of a full length
mirror her yellow standard uniform lay in a pile near her
feet.  She looked at herself in the mirror.  All she was
wearing was a tight black tank top and matching mid-thigh
shorts.  On her right shin was strapped a black sheathed
knife, with what appeared to be a bone handle and flat black
blade, obviously not regulation.  She studied the scars
visible on her shoulder, arms and lower legs.  Many a human
doctor had offered to remove the scars for her but none
seemed to comprehend the pride she took in them and the
battles they represented.
    She looked closely at her left cheek and neck, there was
a fine line, were a scar should be, extending from above her
left eye down her cheek and neck to her shoulder.  An over
zealous human doctor had meticulously repaired this wound.
For all the years humans had been in space, they still
treated all cultures by human values.  It had never occurred
to him that a Kalonian would view a scar such as this
differently than a human.  She, however, couldn't feel too
bad towards the doctor since he served on the star ship that
rescued her from the escape pod after the Eclipse was
destroyed.
    Commander Tarva had been aboard the USS Vigilante exactly
30 minutes when she walked into Transporter Room II to report
back to Captain Anthony.  The room was empty of new personnel
only the captain and the workers were there.  Most of the
workers were busily doing something with both the transporter
pads and the control panel.  Captain Anthony looked concerned
as he studied the output on a tricorder a skinny man in a
white uniform was showing him.
    Anthony looked up at Tarva as she walked in and smiled at
her.  "Welcome back Commander," he said "I hope you found
your quarters acceptable for the time being".
    "I don't expect I'll be spending a lot of time there,
will I?" she said as she walked up to him and stood at
attention.
    "Commander, as you may have suspected, my current staff
is quite slim, in fact before today I was the only crew
assigned to the Vigilante to arrive.  That leaves me in the
unique position of selecting my own staff out of a relatively
small pool of volunteers.
    "I have gone over the records of all personnel assigned
to the Vigilante and personally selected the assignments for
each crew member.  Most decisions were easy, someone is a
navigator or an engineer, they have specific rank and
basically fall into place.  Top command staff is never that
easy, however, Chief Engineer, Chief of Security and others
require a little more intuitive thought." He paused to check
the skinny man's tricorder again.
    "This is it," Tarva thought, "he wouldn't be telling me
all of this if I wasn't getting Chief of Security."
    "The reason I'm telling you this" he said turning his
attention back to her, "is that I had a difficult choice to
make for Chief of Security.  A man named Simon Norton is
boarding as soon as we get this thing fixed.  He's been head
of security on three different Star Ships most recently on
a Galaxy Class which he is giving up to volunteer for this
mission.  I know this man, he has no desire for any other
command position.  He is one of the best when it comes to
security."
    Tarva could feel her world shaking, she had been so sure
of getting the position, it never occurred to her that
someone with such credentials would volunteer for a blind
suicide mission like this was rumored to be.
    "I know this may be slightly disappointing to you
Commander." this was a major understatement and he seemed to
know it.  "I couldn't, however, put someone with your record
and diverse background in an ordinary position. That is why I
have chosen you as my First Officer.  Congratulations."
    "Thank you, Sir." she managed to utter in complete shock.
He had done this on purpose, set her up for the fall pushed
her over the edge, then caught her at the last millisecond.
This man had a vicious sense of humor, she was going to
really enjoy working with him.
    "Now Commander we have work to do.  One of the positions
I haven't filled yet is Chief Engineer we have several
qualified personnel," Captain Anthony pointed to the mess
around them in a sweeping gesture "I suppose now is as good a
time as any to make that decision.  Your first assignment
will be to get this mess working and give me a call when your
ready to continue the transfer process."
    "Sir, why doesn't the Enterprise just transport the
remainders?" Tarva asked as she took in the whole transporter
room.
    "In order to keep the minimum distance we need the power
of both transporters and these two pads are the only ones on
this ship that currently work.  Now decide on a Chief
Engineer and get this thing working.  We've got to have it
working by 0700 if everybody's going to make the meeting."
with that, Captain Anthony left the room with eight white
coveralled workmen looking at Tarva.
    Before the door had slid completely shut First Officer
Tarva's hand was on the intercom "Lieutenant Commander
Dolittel, report to Transporter Room Two immediately".
----------
    Transporter Room II was soon filled with Tarva's
roommates plus a few others.  Dolittel's feet stuck out from
an open, access panel under the transporter pad.  His cursing
could be heard across the room.  He slid himself out and sat
    "What the hell is this thing?" he said "I've never seen
circuits like this."
    "It is state of the art in transporter technology." came
a woman's voice from an open transporter room door.  She was
a medium height brown haired humanoid.  A slight ridge along
her upper cheek bones making her eyes appear sunken was the
only obvious nonhuman feature. She wore the standard white
coveralls of the other construction workers.
    "Doctor Cembera, I should have known you were behind this
mess."  Said Dolittel as he stood to greet the new arrival.
"If this thing is your doing, where have you been while we've
been trying to get it back on line?"
    "I was detained in engine room one installing a new style
dilithium crystal chamber." she said as she approached the
troublesome transporter pad.  She then turned to Commander
Tarva who had been running diagnostics at the transporter
control panel.  "First Officer Tarva, I'm Crystal Cembera
chief engineer in charge of construction of the Vigilante.
I'm glad you were finally able to join us here at TE-4."
    "I'm glad to finally be here." Said Tarva "Now if you
could help my Chief Engineer get these things on line."
    Doctor Cembera looked at Dolittel with a slight grin and
said "That shouldn't be too hard".
    Dolittel and Cembera obviously had a history but this
didn't seem to stop her from ignoring Dolittel as easily as
everybody else did.
    Doctor Cembera started running a diagnostic on the
transporter while pointing out certain details of the new
technology to Dolittel.  "The main idea is to boost the
effective range three to four times."
    "This is a great step forward", Dolittel said "you've got
the largest transporter room mockup I've ever seen".
    "The next supply ship should have the parts we need to
get all three transporter rooms working properly." Doctor
Cembera said ignoring Dolittel's comment's "The technology is
so new, it's taking quite a while to get the chips made."
    "Then how in the world did you get these two pads to work
if your still waiting on the chips?."
    "I had to make my own chips,"
    "That's probably what failed." Dolittel muttered.
    "and is why we only have two pads working." she said
still ignoring his comments.  "It was a long and exhausting
job, I can only guess that something came loose." Doctor
Cembera crawled under the pad and disappeared into the
workings.
    She soon emerged from under the pad and handed Dolittel a
blackened, fist-sized component.  "Both pads were down, so I
figured it had to be power related since they each run on
their own computer circuitry." She said as she reached into a
panel that opened from a near by wall.  The panel contained
several different kinds of parts, obviously spares.  She then
retreated back under the transporter pads.
    When she came back out she said "OK, fire them up".
    With that, Dolittel pressed a couple of buttons and the
transporters lit right up.  "Well," he said "Looks like I've
got a bit to learn before I can be an effective Chief
Engineer".
    "Well don't worry, you seem to have a good teacher."
Tarva said.
    "And quite a while before we'll even be ready to begin
space trials." Cembera added.  Then said "Come on John, I'll
give you a tour of your engine rooms".
    "There's more than one? And what's this about a new style
dilithium ..." Dolittel could be heard saying as the door
slid shut behind him.
    Tarva frowned as she realized Dolittel just walked out
with out being dismissed.  As more people arrived, she would
have to make sure proper Star Fleet regulations were
maintained.  She then pressed the intercom button "Commander
Tarva to Captain Anthony, transporters back on line, Sir."
    "Thank you Commander" he replied "I'll be right there.
Please inform Enterprise that we're back on line.  Out".
----------
    Tarva's tall, blonde room mate was working the
transporter controls, it turned out she was a top rated
operator, when it happened.  The last group was transporting
from the Enterprise when there was a general abort warning
issued from engineering.  The warning was almost immediately
followed by a massive power surge.  If it wasn't for Chief
Swanson's reflex action to the warning all eight of the
personnel in transport would surely have been lost.  She was
able to  reverse the beam before the surge got through the
transporter.
    The surge did catch personal pad number one.  The result
pulled the person out of transport in a crimson flash.  The
crew had no chance to cover themselves from the resulting
gore.  The whole transporter room was immediately splattered
in red.  On the pad, lay a writhing mass of tissue and bone
with blood spurting from what had once been organs.
    Transporter Room II immediately emptied with the
construction workers and crew racing for the doors.  Many
were losing their last meal on the way, others slipped and
fell in the blood.  Chief Swanson, Fist Officer Tarva and
Captain Anthony were the only ones to hold their ground.
    Captain Anthony and Chief Swanson had gone ghost white
with shock, Commander Tarva looked to the Captain for
instructions, all he could say was "Get rid of it".
    Tarva walked over to a security panel removed a phaser
and pointed it at her former crew member.  Her only thought
as she pushed the trigger was "I wonder who it was".  It was
exactly 53 seconds since the alarm sounded.
----------
    Captain Picard sat in his ready room with the Image of
Captain Anthony on the monitor in front of him.  Anthony had
several drops of blood on his face and he looked slightly
ill.  Behind Anthony, a worker in red stained white coveralls
was cleaning blood off a wall.  The view was so tight on
Anthony, the worker was only occasionally visible.  "What
ever happened there" Picard thought, "had to have been unlike
any transporter accident I've ever heard of.  What ever new
technology they're using on this project has to be radically
new and dangerous."
    "According to my records, Ensign Shertz was to have been
my primary navigator."  Anthony was saying "Now, I am without
anybody who is currently qualified for the position.  Captain
Picard, I'm aware that a ship like the Enterprise is likely
to have several officers qualified to fill this position..".
    "Captain Anthony," Picard said "Are you suggesting that I
assign one of my junior officers to your project?".
    "Not at all." Was the reply "I was merely suggesting that
there may be someone in your crew qualified for this
position, who also falls under the other criteria, willing to
volunteer if given the chance."
    Picard thought for a second then said "I'll put the
request before all qualified personnel."
    "I'll trust your decision, let me know when or if you've
found a navigator for me.  Anthony out."
    The screen immediately went black and Picard sat staring
at the silence for a minute then said "Computer list all
ship's personnel qualified as navigator for a star ship."
    "WORKING" the generic female voice said then immediately
displayed a list of over 30 names.
    "Now delete all personnel who are married or have known
living family."
    Three names remained on the list:
                  Commander Data
                  Ensign Janice O'Malley
                  Ensign Ro Laren
    Captain Picard sat and looked at the three names neatly
printed on the black screen.  Who would it be?  If they knew
the mission of the project they would all jump at the chance.
That, however, was against regulations, all he could tell
them was that it is an extremely dangerous mission, perhaps
even a suicide mission.
    If any of these three officers knew they were one of only
three qualified for this project, once again, they would
all certainly volunteer.  Picard decided to post a general
notice to all thirty from the original list.  Perhaps by some
slight chance the only one he felt he could replace would
volunteer.  If not, he would cross that bridge when he came
to it.  This was a strictly volunteer mission and he could
not make anyone in anyway feel obligated to volunteer.
    Within minutes of posting the notice, there was a signal
at the door.  It was Commander Data.
    "Sir," he said "by your notice I believe I am the most
logical choice to fill the navigator position.  Unless, you
count Lore as a living relative.  I know that Star Fleet does
not recognize him as my next of kin."
    "Data," Picard Said "I was expecting you, I tried to
figure out a way to turn down your request without giving
you what little more information I have about the project.  I
decided, however, that to properly satisfy you I must fill
you in with what little more information I have."
    Five minutes later Data left the ready room fully
satisfied that it would be extremely hazardous for him to
transfer to this project.  As he left, he passed the red
haired Ensign O'Malley on her way to meet with the Captain.
It occurred to him, that she too was on the list of qualified
navigators.
    This was too good to be true, Janice thought as she
walked in to see Captain Picard.  A chance to transfer to a
secrete project, a dangerous mission this had to be good.
No more boring star charting, no more hauling diplomats
around, no more Ensign Ro taking over for her every time it
was just getting interesting.  When the tour ended, she would
surely be assigned as primary navigator somewhere.
    "Sir," She said almost before the door closed behind her
"have you had any volunteers for the navigator position?"
    "Yes, just one," he said "however, upon close scrutiny of
his record we decided he was not appropriate for the
assignment."  Picard sat back and watched her face light up
with excitement.
    "Sir, I respectfully request a transfer."
    "Ensign O'Malley I feel it is my obligation to tell you a
little more about this mission." Picard said "The notice has
always stated hazardous duty, however, since you are
approaching this as a last minute replacement I think you
should know that most consider it to be a suicide mission."
    "Sir, this is a suicide mission?" O'Malley said quite
taken aback.
    "No, I did not say that. I said that it is so hazardous
that the few people who know about it consider it a suicide
mission."
    "What do you think of it sir?" she asked still a bit
confused by what Captain Picard was trying to say.
    "If it works, it will be well worth the costs." he said
"All else I can say is that I have a personal interest in the
success of the mission."
    Picard took a deep breath and looked at the beautiful
young woman standing in front of him.  Her large gray eyes
looked back at him expectantly.  Finally he said "If your
still interested I'll arrange transportation.  Go start
packing your gear."
    "Thank you sir." she said and snapped to attention.
    "Dismissed." he said.
    Ensign Janice O'Malley turned sharply and exited the
ready room.  As she left, Captain Jean-Luc Picard looked at
her personal file that was on the screen during the whole
conversation.  On it was noted the time and circumstances of
her adoptive father's death at Wolf-359.
    "It looks like we all have a date with destiny some time
in our lives." he said to the closed door.
----------
    It was finally happening, she was getting to look on the
other side of a forbidden horizon.  Janice could feel great
apprehension though.  Stepping into the unknown was always a
bit scary.  She could feel her pulse race with anticipation
as she packed her few belongings.
    Being a third string navigator on any ship never rated
the larger quarters.  Ensign O'Malley, however, was a woman
of few possessions.  Vega-5 if nothing else, had taught her
to approach life as a minimalist.  She had very few
belongings and really didn't care for a larger billet.  The
last thing she packed was an old style picture in frame.  It
was a picture of her father and her, taken during her first
visit to Earth.  She was still young maybe fifteen earth
years, too old to be considered a child but not yet quite a
woman.  They were standing in front of some ancient ruins in
a country her father claimed his family name originated.  She
wrapped the  picture carefully in a uniform and placed it in
her case.  Of her few possessions, this would always be her
most treasured.
    She wondered how she would transfer to her new
assignment, the survivors of the transporter incident had
been transpoted by a very odd looking shuttle.  She wondered
if they would send it all the way back to get her.  She
wasn't really sure what had happened with the transporter,
only something had gone wrong on the other end and someone, a
navigator, had been killed.  They did not expect to have the
transporters working anytime soon.  At the current distance,
the Enterprise could not transport her on its on.
    Just then Chief O'Brien's voice came over the intercom
"Ensign O'Malley, please report to transporter room 3, with
your gear.".
    "I thought," she said to Chief O'Brien upon entering
transporter room 3 "that we were unable to transport until
they got they're system back on line."
    "I thought the same thing." He said "but they gave me new
coordinates for a different transporter.  Apparently they had
shut it down for being in an unused area.  They brought it
back on line to help tie up the loose ends before the
Enterprise's departure."
    Janice hesitated stepping onto the transporter pad.
Though she had done this many times before, it had never been
immediately following a fatal accident.  She looked to
O'Brien and he just smiled and nodded his head.  So she
stepped onto the pad stood at attention and waited.
    The Enterprise's transporter room dissolved around her
and was replaced by a smaller more spartan room. In front of
her, behind the transporter controls stood a man in white
coveralls.  "Welcome to T E four space dock." he said "We'll
be ready to transport you to the ship in a few minutes".
    To her right Janice could see a large space station style
window.  From her vantage point she thought she could see the
hull of a ship.
    "Would you like to take a look at your new assignment?"
the man asked.
    Ensign Janice O'Malley put her bags down in place and
stepped down to the window.  Outside was something she had
never seen, a star ship in space dock.  This was unlike any
star ship though, a small older style saucer section dwarfed
by four new Galaxy style warp engines.  The saucer was
attached directly to a bulbous main body without the usual
neck lifting it away.  The impulse engines appeared to be
raised up from the main body just behind the saucer.
    There were other things wrong, the color wasn't the
standard star fleet white, it was more of a dull gray.  There
was no name or number designation anywhere to be seen and she
had a clear view of the top of the saucer section.  There
were other anomalies: antenna pods, miss placed orifices etc.
that were not indicative of either the old style saucer or
the new style engines or anything else for that matter.
    "What is it?" she asked the man now standing next to her
also admiring the ship.
    "She's called the U.S.S. Vigilante" he said.
    "What kind of name for a star ship is that?" she asked
not really expecting an answer.
    "Don't ask me," he said "all I do is work on
transporters".
    "I hope you weren't running the transporter last time."
she said with a slight smile.
    "No, Sir." he said "Besides, that was caused by a power
surge from engineering."
    Just then there was a signal from the intercom.  "Whelp,
the Captain's ready for you, time to report for duty" he
said.
    "I guess so." she said as she returned to the
transporter.
    The small transporter room dissolved from view and this
time was replaced by a much larger one.  In front of her
stood a man with long gray/black hair that was thinning on
top and was pulled back in a pony tail.  He wore a slightly
baggy black uniform with several large pockets.  Though he
wore no obvious insignia this man must be in some kind of
