"They're taking the building," said Roosta, "we're airborne."
Clouds streaked past the office window.
Out in the open air again Zaphod could see the ring of dark green
Frogstar  Fighters  round  the  uprooted tower of the building. A
network of force beams radiated in from them and held  the  tower
in a firm grip.
Zaphod shook his head in perplexity.
"What have I done to deserve this?"  he  said,  "I  walk  into  a
building, they take it away."
"It's not what you've done they're worried about,"  said  Roosta,
"it's what you're going to do."
"Well don't I get a say in that?"
"You did, years ago. You'd better hold on, we're in  for  a  fast
and bumpy journey."
"If I ever meet myself," said Zaphod, "I'll hit myself so hard  I
won't know what's hit me."
Marvin trudged in through the door, looked at Zaphod  accusingly,
slumped in a corner and switched himself off.
On the bridge of the Heart of Gold, all was silent. Arthur stared
at  the  rack  in  front of him and thought. He caught Trillian's
eyes as she looked at him inquiringly.  He  looked  back  at  the
rack.
Finally he saw it.
He picked up five small plastic squares  and  laid  them  on  the
board that lay just in front of the rack.
The five squares had on them the five letters E, X, Q, U  and  I.
He laid them next to the letters S, I, T, E.
"Exquisite," he said, "on a triple word score.  Scores  rather  a
lot I'm afraid."
The ship bumped and scattered some of the letters for  the  'n'th
time.
Trillian sighed and started to sort them out again.
Up and down the silent corridors echoed Ford Prefect's feet as he
stalked the ship thumping dead instruments.
Why did the ship keep shaking? he thought.
Why did it rock and sway?
Why could he not find out where they were?
Where, basically, were they?
The left-hand tower of the Hitch  Hiker's  Guide  to  the  Galaxy
offices  streaked  through  interstellar  space  at a speed never
equalled either before or since by any other office block in  the
Universe.
In a room halfway up it, Zaphod Beeblebrox strode angrily.
Roosta sat on the edge of  the  desk  doing  some  routine  towel
maintenance.
"Hey, where did you say this building was  flying  to?"  demanded
Zaphod.
"The Frogstar," said Roosta, "the most totally evil place in  the
Universe."
"Do they have food there?" said Zaphod.
"Food? You're going to the  Frogstar  and  you're  worried  about
whether they got food?"
"Without food I may not make it to the Frogstar."
Out of the window, they could  see  nothing  but  the  flickering
light  of  the  force  beams,  and vague green streaks which were
presumably the distorted shapes of the Frogstar Fighters. At this
speed, space itself was invisible, and indeed unreal.
"Here, suck this," said Roosta, offering Zaphod his towel.
Zaphod stared at him as if he expected a cuckoo to  leap  out  of
his forehead on a small spring.
"It's soaked in nutrients," explained Roosta.
"What are you, a messy eater or something?" said Zaphod.
"The yellow stripes are high in  protein,  the  green  ones  have
vitamin  B  and  C  complexes,  the  little  pink flowers contain
wheatgerm extracts."
Zaphod took and looked at it in amazement.
"What are the brown stains?" he asked.
"Bar-B-Q sauce," said Roosta, "for when I get sick of wheatgerm."
Zaphod sniffed it doubtfully.
Even more doubtfully, he sucked a corner. He spat it out again.
"Ugh," he stated.
"Yes," said Roosta, "when I've had to suck  that  end  I  usually
need to suck the other end a bit too."
"Why," asked Zaphod suspiciously, "what's in that?"
"Anti-depressants," said Roosta.
"I've gone right off this towel, you know," said  Zaphod  handing
it back.
Roosta took it back from him, swung himself off the desk,  walked
round it, sat in the chair and put his feet up.
"Beeblebrox," he said, sticking his hands behind his head,  "have
you any idea what's going to happen to you on the Frogstar?"
"They're going to feed me?" hazarded Zaphod hopefully.
"They're going  to  feed  you,"  said  Roosta,  "into  the  Total
Perspective Vortex!"
Zaphod had never heard of this. He believed that he had heard  of
all  the  fun  things in the Galaxy, so he assumed that the Total
Perspective Vortex was not fun. He asked what it was.
"Only," said Roosta, "the most savage psychic torture a sentinent
being can undergo."
Zaphod nodded a resigned nod.
"So," he said, "no food, huh?"
"Listen!" said Roosta urgently, "you can kill a man, destroy  his
body, break his spirit, but only the Total Perspective Vortex can
annihilate a man's soul! The treatment  lasts  seconds,  but  the
effect lasts the rest of your life!"
"You ever had  a  Pan  Galactic  Gargle  Blaster?"  asked  Zaphod
sharply.
"This is worse."
"Phreeow!" admitted Zaphod, much impressed.
"Any idea why these guys might want to do this to me?" he added a
moment later.
"They believe it will be the best way of destroying you for ever.
They know what you're after."
"Could they drop me a note and let me know as well?"
"You know," said Roosta, "you know, Beeblebrox. You want to  meet
the man who rules the Universe."
"Can he cook?" said Zaphod. On reflection he added:
"I doubt if he can. If he could cook  a  good  meal  he  wouldn't
worry about the rest of the Universe. I want to meet a cook."
Roosta sighed heavily.
"What are you doing here anyway?" demanded  Zaphod,  "what's  all
this got to so with you?"
"I'm just one  of  those  who  planned  this  thing,  along  with
Zarniwoop,  along  with  Yooden  Vranx,  along  with  your  great
grandfather, along with you, Beeblebrox."
"Me?"
"Yes, you. I was told you  had  changed,  I  didn't  realize  how
much."
"But ..."
"I am here to do one job. I will do it before I leave you."
"What job, man, what are you talking about?"
"I will do it before I leave you."
Roosta lapsed into an impenetrable silence.
Zaphod was terribly glad.
=================================================================
Chapter 9
The air around the second planet of the Frogstar system was stale
and unwholesome.
The dank winds that swept continually over its surface swept over
salt  flats,  dried  up marshland, tangled and rotting vegetation
and the crumbling remains of ruined cities. No life moved  across
its  surface.  The ground, like that of many planets in this part
of the Galaxy, had long been deserted.
The howl of the wind was desolate enough as it gusted through the
old  decaying  houses  of  the cities; it was more desolate as it
whipped about the bottoms of the tall black  towers  that  swayed
uneasily  here  and there about the surface of this world. At the
top of these  towers  lived  colonies  of  large,  scraggy,  evil
smelling  birds, the sole survivors of the civilization that once
lived here.
The howl of the wind was at its most desolate, however,  when  it
passed  over a pimple of a place set in the middle of a wide grey
plain on the outskirts of the largest of the abandoned cities.
This pimple of a place was the thing that had earned  this  world
the  reputation  of  being  the  most  totally  evil place in the
Galaxy. From without it was simply a steel dome about thirty feet
across. From within it was something more monstrous than the mind
can comprehend.
About a hundred yards or so away, and  separated  from  it  by  a
pockmarked and blasted stretch of the most barren land imaginable
was what would probably have to be described as a landing pad  of
sorts. That is to say that scattered over a largish area were the
ungainly hulks of two or three dozen crash-landed buildings.
Flitting over and around these buildings was a mind, a mind  that
was waiting for something.
The mind directed its attention into the  air,  and  before  very
long  a  distant  speck appeared, surrounded by a ring of smaller
specks.
The larger speck was the left-hand tower  of  the  Hitch  Hiker's
Guide  to  the  Galaxy  office  building,  descending through the
stratosphere of Frogstar World B.
As it descended, Roosta suddenly  broke  the  long  uncomfortable
silence that had grown up between the two men.
He stood up and gathered his towel into a bag. He said:
"Beeblebrox, I will now do the job I was sent here to do."
Zaphod looked up at him from where he was  sitting  in  a  corner
sharing unspoken thoughts with Marvin.
"Yeah?" he said.
"The building  will  shortly  be  landing.  When  you  leave  the
building, do not go out of the door," said Roosta, "go out of the
window."
"Good luck," he added, and walked out of the  door,  disappearing
from Zaphod's life as mysteriously as he had entered it.
Zaphod leapt up and tried the door, but Roosta had already looked
it. He shrugged and returned to the corner.
Two minutes later, the building  crashlanded  amongst  the  other
wreckage. Its escort of Frogstar Fighters deactivated their force
beams and soared off into the air again, bound for Frogstar World
A,  an  altogether  more  congenial  spot.  They  never landed on
Frogstar World B. No one did. No one ever walked on  its  surface
other than the intended victims of the Total Perspective Vortex.
Zaphod was badly shaken by the crash. He lay for a while  in  the
silent  dusty  rubble to which most of the room had been reduced.
He felt that he was at the lowest ebb he had ever reached in  his
life.  He  felt  bewildered,  he  felt  lonely,  he felt unloved.
Eventually he felt he ought to get whatever it was over with.
He looked around the cracked and broken room. The wall had  split
round the door frame, and the door hung open. The window, by some
miracle was closed and unbroken. For a while he  hesitated,  then
he  thought  that  if  his  strange and recent companion had been
through all that he had been through just to tell him what he had
told  him, then there must be a good reason for it. With Marvin's
help he got the window  open.  Outside  it,  the  cloud  of  dust
aroused  by  the crash, and the hulks of the other buildings with
which this one was surrounded, effectively prevented Zaphod  from
seeing anything of the world outside.
Not that this concerned him unduly. His main concern was what  he
saw  when he looked down. Zarniwoop's office was on the fifteenth
floor. The building had landed at  a  tilt  of  about  forty-five
degrees, but still the descent looked heart-stopping.
Eventually, stung by the continuous series of contemptuous  looks
that  Marvin appeared to be giving him, he took a deep breath and
clambered out on to the steeply inclined side  of  the  building.
Marvin  followed him, and together they began to crawl slowly and
painfully down the fifteen floors that separated  them  from  the
ground.
As he crawled, the dank air and dust choked his lungs,  his  eyes
smarted and the terrifying distance down made his heads spin.
The occasional remark from Marvin of the order of  "This  is  the
sort  of  thing  you  lifeforms  enjoy  is  it?  I ask merely for
information," did little to improve his state of mind.
About half-way down the  side  of  the  shattered  building  they
stopped to rest. It seemed to Zaphod as he lay there panting with
fear and exhaustion that Marvin seemed a mite more cheerful  than
usual.  Eventually  he  realized  this  wasn't so. The robot just
seemed cheerful in comparison with his own mood.
A large, scraggy black bird  came  flapping  through  the  slowly
settling  clouds  of  dust and, stretching down its scrawny legs,
landed on an inclined window ledge a couple of yards from Zaphod.
It folded its ungainly wings and teetered awkwardly on its perch.
Its wingspan must have been something like six feet, and its head
and  neck  seemed  curiously large for a bird. Its face was flat,
the beak underdeveloped, and half-way along the underside of  its
wings the vestiges of something handlike could be clearly seen.
In fact, it looked almost human.
It turned its heavy eyes on Zaphod and  clicked  its  beak  in  a
desultory fashion.
"Go away," said Zaphod.
"OK," muttered the bird morosely and flapped off  into  the  dust
again.
Zaphod watched its departure in bewilderment.
"Did that bird just talk to me?" he asked  Marvin  nervously.  He
was  quite  prepared to believe the alternative explanation, that
he was in fact hallucinating.
"Yes," confirmed Marvin.
"Poor souls," said a deep, ethereal voice in Zaphod's ear.
Twisting round violently to find the source of the  voice  nearly
caused  Zaphod to fall off the building. He grabbed savagely at a
protruding window fitting and cut his hand on  it.  He  hung  on,
breathing heavily.
The voice had no visible source  whatever  -  there  was  no  one
there. Nevertheless, it spoke again.
"A tragic history behind them, you know. A terrible blight."
Zaphod looked wildly about. The voice  was  deep  and  quiet.  In
other circumstances it would even be described as soothing. There
is,  however,  nothing  soothing  about  being  addressed  by   a
disembodied  voice  out of nowhere, particularly if you are, like
Zaphod Beeblebrox, not at your best  and  hanging  from  a  ledge
eight storeys up a crashed building.
"Hey, er ..." he stammered.
"Shall I tell you their story?" inquired the voice quietly.
"Hey, who are you?" panted Zaphod. "Where are you?"
"Later then, perhaps," murmured the voice. "I am Gargravarr. I am
the Custodian of the Total Perspective Vortex."
"Why can't I see ..."
"You  will  find  your  progress  down   the   building   greatly
facilitated,"  the  voice lifted, "if you move about two yards to
your left. Why don't you try it?"
Zaphod looked and  saw  a  series  of  short  horizontal  grooves
leading  all the way down the side of the building. Gratefully he
shifted himself across to them.
"Why don't I see you again at the bottom?" said the voice in  his
ear, and as it spoke it faded.
"Hey," called out Zaphod, "Where are you ..."
"It'll only take a couple of minutes ..."  said  the  voice  very
faintly.
"Marvin," said Zaphod earnestly to the robot squatting dejectedly
next to him, "Did a ... did a voice just ..."
"Yes," Marvin replied tersely.
Zaphod nodded. He took out his Peril Sensitive Sunglasses  again.
They  were  completely black, and by now quite badly scratched by
the unexpected metal object in his pocket. He  put  them  on.  He
would  find  his  way  down  the  building more comfortably if he
didn't actually have to look at what he was doing.
Minutes  later  he  clambered  over  the   ripped   and   mangled
foundations   of   the  building  and,  once  more  removing  his
sunglasses, he dropped to the ground.
Marvin joined him a moment or so later and lay face down  in  the
dust and rubble, from which position he seemed too disinclined to
move.
"Ah, there you are," said the voice  suddenly  in  Zaphod's  ear,
"excuse  me  leaving  you  like  that,  it's  just  that I have a
terrible head for heights. At least," it added wistfully, "I  did
have a terrible head for heights."
Zaphod looked around slowly and carefully, just to see if he  had
missed  something  which might be the source of the voice. All he
saw, however, was the dust, the rubble and the towering hulks  of
the encircling buildings.
"Hey, er, why can't I see you?" he said, "why aren't you here?"
"I am here," said the voice slowly, "my body wanted to  come  but
it's  a  bit  busy  at  the moment. Things to do, people to see."
After what seemed like a sort of ethereal  sigh  it  added,  "You
know how it is with bodies."
Zaphod wasn't sure about this.
"I thought I did," he said.
"I only hope it's gone for a rest  cure,"  continued  the  voice,
"the  way  it's  been  living  recently  it  must  be on its last
elbows."
"Elbows?" said Zaphod, "don't you mean last legs?"
The  voice  said  nothing  for  a  while.  Zaphod  looked  around
uneasily.  He  didn't  know  if it was gone or was still there or
what it was doing. Then the voice spoke again.
"So, you are to be put into the Vortex, yes?"
"Er, well," said Zaphod with a very poor attempt at  nonchalance,
"this  cat's  in  no hurry, you know. I can just slouch about and
take in a look at the local scenery, you know?"
"Have you seen the local scenery?" asked the voice of Gargravarr.
"Er, no."
Zaphod clambered over the rubble, and rounded the corner  of  one
of the wrecked buildings that was obscuring his view.
He looked out at the landscape of Frogstar World B.
"Ah, OK," he said, "I'll just sort of slouch about then."
"No," said Gargravarr, "the Vortex is ready for you now. You must
come. Follow me."
"Er, yeah?" said Zaphod, "and how am I meant to do that?"
"I'll hum for you," said Gargravarr, "follow the humming."
A soft keening sound drifted through the air, a pale,  sad  sound
that  seemed  to  be  without  any  kind of focus. It was only by
listening very carefully that  Zaphod  was  able  to  detect  the
direction  from which it was coming. Slowly, dazedly, he stumbled
off in its wake. What else was there to do?
=================================================================
Chapter 10
The Universe, as has been observed before, is an unsettlingly big
place, a fact which for the sake of a quiet life most people tend
to ignore.
Many would happily move to somewhere rather smaller of their  own
devising, and this is what most beings in fact do.
For instance, in one corner of the Eastern Galactic Arm lies  the
large forest planet Oglaroon, the entire "intelligent" population
of which lives permanently in one fairly small  and  crowded  nut
tree. In which tree they are born, live, fall in love, carve tiny
speculative articles in the bark on  the  meaning  of  life,  the
futility  of  death  and the importance of birth control, fight a
few extremely minor wars, and  eventually  die  strapped  to  the
underside of some of the less accessible outer branches.
In fact the only Oglaroonians who ever leave their tree are those
who  are  hurled  out  of  it  for the heinous crime of wondering
whether any of the other trees might  be  capable  of  supporting
life at all, or indeed whether the other trees are anything other
than illusions brought on by eating too many Oglanuts.
Exotic though this behaviour may seem, there is no life  form  in
the  Galaxy  which  is  not in some way guilty of the same thing,
which is why the Total Perspective Vortex is as  horrific  as  it
For when you are put into the  Vortex  you  are  given  just  one
momentary   glimpse   of  the  entire  unimaginable  infinity  of
creation, and somewhere in it a tiny little marker, a microscopic
dot on a microscopic dot, which says "You are here."
The grey plain  stretched  before  Zaphod,  a  ruined,  shattered
plain. The wind whipped wildly over it.
Visible in the middle was the steel pimple  of  the  dome.  This,
gathered  Zaphod,  was  where  he  was  going. This was the Total
Perspective Vortex.
As he stood and gazed bleakly at it, a  sudden  inhuman  wail  of
terror  emanated  from  it as of a man having his soul burnt from
his body. It screamed above the wind and died away.
Zaphod started with fear and his blood seemed to turn  to  liquid
helium.
"Hey, what was that?" he muttered voicelessly.
"A recording," said Gargravarr, "of the last man who was  put  in
the  Vortex.  It  is  always played to the next victim. A sort of
prelude."
"Hey, it really sounds bad ..." stammered  Zaphod,  "couldn't  we
maybe  slope  off  to  a party or something for a while, think it
over?"
"For all I know," said Gargravarr's ethereal voice, "I'm probably
at  one. My body that is. It goes to a lot of parties without me.
Says I only get in the way. Hey ho."
"What is all this with your body?" said Zaphod, anxious to  delay
whatever it was that was going to happen to him.
"Well, it's ... it's busy you know," said Gargravarr hesitantly.
"You mean it's got a mind of its own?" said Zaphod.
There was a long and  slightly  chilly  pause  before  Gargravarr
spoke again.
"I have to say," he replied eventually, "that I find that  remark
in rather poor taste."
Zaphod muttered a bewildered and embarrassed apology.
"No matter," said Gargravarr, "you weren't to know."
The voice fluttered unhappily.
"The truth is," it continued in  tones  which  suggested  he  was
trying  very hard to keep it under control, "the truth is that we
are currently undergoing a period of legal  trial  separation.  I
suspect it will end in divorce."
The voice was still again, leaving Zaphod with no idea of what to
say. He mumbled uncertainly.
"I think we are probably not very well suited,"  said  Gargravarr
again  at  length,  "we  never  seemed to be happy doing the same
things. We  always  had  the  greatest  arguments  over  sex  and
fishing.  Eventually  we  tried to combine the two, but that only
led to disaster, as you can probably imagine.  And  now  my  body
refuses to let me in. It won't even see me ..."
He paused again, tragically. The wind whipped across the plain.
"It says I only inhibit it. I pointed out  that  in  fact  I  was
meant  to  inhibit it, and it said that that was exactly the sort
of smart alec remark that got right up a body's left nostril, and
so we left it. It will probably get custody of my forename."
"Oh ..." said Zaphod faintly, "and what's that?"
"Pizpot," said the voice, "My name is Pizpot Gargravarr. Says  it
all really doesn't it?"
"Errr ..." said Zaphod sympathetically.
"And that is why  I,  as  a  disembodied  mind,  have  this  job,
Custodian  of the Total Perspective Vortex. No one will ever walk
on the ground of this planet. Except the victims of the Vortex  -
they don't really count I'm afraid."
"Ah ..."
"I'll tell you the story. Would you like to hear it?"
"Er ..."
"Many years ago this was  a  thriving,  happy  planet  -  people,
cities  shops, a normal world. Except that on the high streets of
these cities there were slightly more shoe shops than  one  might
have  thought  necessary. And slowly, insidiously, the numbers of
these shoe shops were increasing.  It's  a  well  known  economic
phenomenon  but  tragic to see it in operation, for the more shoe
shops there were, the more shoes they had to make and  the  worse
and more unwearable they became. And the worse they were to wear,
the more people had to buy to keep themselves shod, and the  more
the  shops  proliferated,  until  the  whole economy of the place
passed what I believe is termed the Shoe Event  Horizon,  and  it
became  no  longer  economically possible to build anything other
than shoe shops. Result - collapse, ruin and famine. Most of  the
population  died out. Those few who had the right kind of genetic
instability mutated into birds - you've seen one of  them  -  who
cursed  their feet, cursed the ground, and vowed that none should
walk on it again. Unhappy lot. Come,  I  must  take  you  to  the
Vortex."
Zaphod shook his head in bemusement and stumbled  forward  across
the plain.
"And you," he said, "you come from this hellhole pit do you?"
"No no," said Gargravarr, taken aback, "I come from the  Frogstar
World C. Beautiful place. Wonderful fishing. I flit back there in
the evenings. Though all  I  can  do  now  is  watch.  The  Total
Perspective  Vortex  is  the  only  thing on this planet with any
function. It was built here because no  one  else  wanted  it  on
their doorstep."
At that moment another dismal scream  rent  the  air  and  Zaphod
shuddered.
"What can do that to a guy?" he breathed.
"The Universe,"  said  Gargravarr  simply,  "the  whole  infinite
Universe. The infinite suns, the infinite distances between them,
and yourself an invisible dot on  an  invisible  dot,  infinitely
small."
"Hey, I'm Zaphod Beeblebrox,  man,  you  know,"  muttered  Zaphod
trying to flap the last remnants of his ego.
Gargravarr made no reply, but merely resumed his mournful humming
till  they  reached the tarnished steel dome in the middle of the
plain.
As they reached it, a door hummed open in the side,  revealing  a
small darkened chamber within.
"Enter," said Gargravarr.
Zaphod started with fear.
"Hey, what, now?" he said.
"Now."
Zaphod peered nervously inside. The chamber was  very  small.  It
was  steel-lined  and  there was hardly space in it for more than
one man.
"It ... er ... it doesn't look like any kind of  Vortex  to  me,"
said Zaphod.
"It isn't," said Gargravarr, "it's just the elevator. Enter."
With infinite trepidation Zaphod stepped into it. He was aware of
Gargravarr being in the elevator with him, though the disembodied
man was not for the moment speaking.
The elevator began its descent.
"I must get myself into  the  right  frame  of  mind  for  this,"
muttered Zaphod.
"There is no right frame of mind," said Gargravarr sternly.
"You really know how to make a guy feel inadequate."
"I don't. The Vortex does."
At the bottom of the shaft, the rear of the  elevator  opened  up
and  Zaphod stumbled out into a smallish, functional, steel-lined
chamber.
At the far side of it stood a  single  upright  steel  box,  just
large enough for a man to stand in.
It was that simple.
It connected to a small pile of components and instruments via  a
single thick wire.
"Is that it?" said Zaphod in surprise.
"That is it."
Didn't look too bad, thought Zaphod.
"And I get in there do I?" said Zaphod.
"You get in there," said Gargravarr, "and I'm afraid you must  do
it now."
"OK, OK," said Zaphod.
He opened the door of the box and stepped in.
Inside the box he waited.
After five seconds there was a click, and the entire Universe was
there in the box with him.
=================================================================
Chapter 11
The Total Perspective Vortex derives its  picture  of  the  whole
Universe on the principle of extrapolated matter analyses.
To explain - since every piece of matter in the  Universe  is  in
some way affected by every other piece of matter in the Universe,
it is in theory possible to extrapolate the whole of  creation  -
every  sun,  every  planet,  their  orbits, their composition and
their economic and social history from, say, one small  piece  of
fairy cake.
The  man  who  invented  the  Total  Perspective  Vortex  did  so
basically in order to annoy his wife.
Trin Tragula - for that was his name - was a dreamer, a  thinker,
a  speculative  philosopher  or,  as  his  wife would have it, an
idiot.
And she would nag him incessantly about  the  utterly  inordinate
amount  of  time he spent staring out into space, or mulling over
the mechanics of safety pins, or doing spectrographic analyses of
pieces of fairy cake.
"Have some sense of proportion!"  she  would  say,  sometimes  as
often as thirty-eight times in a single day.
And so he built the Total Perspective Vortex - just to show her.
And into one end he plugged the whole of reality as  extrapolated
from a piece of fairy cake, and into the other end he plugged his
wife: so that when he turned it on she saw  in  one  instant  the
whole infinity of creation and herself in relation to it.
To Trin Tragula's horror, the shock  completely  annihilated  her
brain;  but  to  his  satisfaction he realized that he had proved
conclusively that if life is going to exist in a Universe of this
size,  then  the one thing it cannot afford to have is a sense of
proportion.
The door of the Vortex swung open.
From his disembodied mind Gargravarr watched dejectedly.  He  had
rather  liked  Zaphod Beeblebrox in a strange sort of way. He was
clearly a man of many qualities, even if  they  were  mostly  bad
ones.
He waited for him to flop forwards out of the box,  as  they  all
did.
Instead, he stepped out.
"Hi!" he said.
"Beeblebrox ..." gasped Gargravarr's mind in amazement.
"Could I have a drink please?" said Zaphod.
"You ... you ... have been in the Vortex?" stammered Gargravarr.
"You saw me, kid."
"And it was working?"
"Sure was."
"And you saw the whole infinity of creation?"
"Sure. Really neat place, you know that?"
Gargravarr's mind was reeling in astonishment. Had his body  been
with  him  it  would have sat down heavily with its mouth hanging
open.
"And you saw yourself," said Gargravarr, "in relation to it all?"
"Oh, yeah, yeah."
"But ... what did you experience?"
Zaphod shrugged smugly.
"It just told me what I knew all the time. I'm a really  terrific
and great guy. Didn't I tell you, baby, I'm Zaphod Beeblebrox!"
His gaze passed over the machinery which powered the  vortex  and
suddenly stopped, startled.
He breathed heavily.
"Hey," he said, "is that really a piece of fairy cake?"
He ripped the small piece of confectionery from the sensors  with
which it was surrounded.
"If I told you how much I needed this," he  said  ravenously,  "I
wouldn't have time to eat it."
He ate it.
=================================================================
Chapter 12
 A short while later he was  running  across  the  plain  in  the
direction of the ruined city.
The dank air wheezed heavily  in  his  lungs  and  he  frequently
stumbled  with  the  exhaustion  he  was still feeling. Night was
beginning to fall too, and the rough ground was treacherous.
The elation of his recent experience was still with  him  though.
The  whole Universe. He had seen the whole Universe stretching to
infinity around him - everything. And with it had come the  clear
and  extraordinary knowledge that he was the most important thing
in it. Having a conceited ego is one thing. Actually  being  told
by a machine is another.
He didn't have time to reflect on this matter.
Gargravarr had told him that he would have to alert  his  masters
as  to  what  had  happened,  but that he was prepared to leave a
decent interval before doing so. Enough time for Zaphod to make a
break and find somewhere to hide.
What he was going to do he didn't know, but feeling that  he  was
the most important person in the Universe gave him the confidence
to believe that something would turn up.
Nothing else on this blighted planet could give him much  grounds
for optimism.
He ran on, and soon reached the outskirts of the abandoned city.
He walked along cracked and gaping  roads  riddled  with  scrawny
weeds,  the  holes  filled  with  rotting shoes. The buildings he
passed were so crumbled and decrepit  he  thought  it  unsafe  to
enter any of them. Where could he hide? He hurried on.
After a while the remains of a wide sweeping road  led  off  from
the  one down which he was walking, and at its end lay a vast low
building,  surrounded  with  sundry  smaller  ones,   the   whole
surrounded  by the remains of a perimeter barrier. The large main
building still seemed reasonably solid, and Zaphod turned off  to
see if it might provide him with ... well with anything.
He approached the building. Along one side of it - the  front  it
would  seem  since  it  faced  a wide concreted apron area - were
three gigantic doors, maybe sixty feet high. The far one of these
was open, and towards this, Zaphod ran.
Inside, all was gloom, dust and confusion. Giant cobwebs lay over
everything.  Part  of  the  infrastructure  of  the  building had
collapsed, part of the rear  wall  had  caved  in,  and  a  thick
choking dust lay inches over the floor.
Through the heavy gloom huge shapes loomed, covered with debris.
The  shapes  were  sometimes  cylindrical,   sometimes   bulbous,
sometimes  like  eggs,  or rather cracked eggs. Most of them were
split open or falling apart, some were mere skeletons.
They were all spacecraft, all derelict.
Zaphod wandered in frustration among the hulks. There was nothing
here  that  remotely  approached  the  serviceable. Even the mere
vibration  of  his  footsteps  caused  one  precarious  wreck  to
collapse further into itself.
Towards the rear of the  building  lay  one  old  ship,  slightly
larger  than  the others, and buried beneath even deeper piles of
dust and cobwebs. Its outline, however, seemed  unbroken.  Zaphod
approached it with interest, and as he did so, he tripped over an
old feedline.
He tried  to  toss  the  feedline  aside,  and  to  his  surprise
discovered that it was still connected to the ship.
To his utter astonishment he realized that the feedline was  also
humming slightly.
He stared at the ship in disbelief, and then  back  down  at  the
feedline in his hands.
He tore off his jacket and threw it aside. Crawling along on  his
hands  and  knees  he followed the feedline to the point where it
connected with the ship. The connection was sound, and the slight
humming vibration was more distinct.
His heart was beating fast. He wiped away some grime and laid  an
ear  against  the  ship's  side.  He  could  only  hear  a faint,
indeterminate noise.
He rummaged feverishly amongst the debris lying on the floor  all
about  him  and  found  a  short  length  of  tubing,  and a non-
biodegradable plastic cup. Out  of  this  he  fashioned  a  crude
stethoscope and placed it against the side of the ship.
What he heard made his brains turn somersaults.
The voice said:
"Transtellar Cruise Lines would like to apologize  to  passengers
for  the  continuing  delay  to  this  flight.  We  are currently
awaiting the loading of  our  complement  of  small  lemon-soaked
paper  napkins  for  your comfort, refreshment and hygiene during
the journey. Meanwhile we thank you for your patience. The  cabin
crew will shortly be serving coffee and biscuits again."
Zaphod staggered backwards, staring wildly at the ship.
He walked around for a few moments in a  daze.  In  so  doing  he
suddenly  caught  sight of a giant departure board still hanging,
but by only one support, from  the  ceiling  above  him.  It  was
covered   with   grime,  but  some  of  the  figures  were  still
discernible.
Zaphod's eyes searched amongst the figures, then made some  brief
calculations. His eyes widened.
"Nine hundred years ..." he breathed to  himself.  That  was  how
late the ship was.
Two minutes later he was on board.
As he stepped out of the airlock, the air that  greeted  him  was
cool and fresh - the air conditioning was still working.
The lights were still on.
He moved out of the small entrance chamber into  a  short  narrow
corridor and stepped nervously down it.
Suddenly a door opened and a figure stepped out in front of him.
"Please return to your seat sir,"  said  the  android  stewardess
and,  turning her back on him, she walked on down the corridor in
front of him.
When his heart had started beating again  he  followed  her.  She
opened the door at the end of the corridor and walked through.
He followed her through the door.
They were now in the passenger  compartment  and  Zaphod's  heart
stopped still again for a moment.
In every seat sat a passenger, strapped into his or her seat.
The passengers' hair was long and unkempt, their fingernails were
long, the men wore beards.
All of them were quite clearly alive - but sleeping.
Zaphod had the creeping horrors.
He walked slowly down the aisle as in a dream. By the time he was
half-way  down  the  aisle,  the stewardess had reached the other
end. She turned and spoke.
"Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen," she said  sweetly,  "Thank
you  for  bearing  with  us  during this slight delay. We will be
taking off as soon as we possibly can. If you would like to  wake
up now I will serve you coffee and biscuits."
There was a slight hum.
At that moment, all the passengers awoke.
They awoke screaming and clawing at their straps and life support
systems  that held them tightly in their seats. They screamed and
bawled and hollered till Zaphod thought his ears would shatter.
They struggled and writhed as the stewardess patiently  moved  up
the  aisle placing a small cup of coffee and a packet of biscuits
in front of each one of them.
Then one of them rose from his seat.
He turned and looked at Zaphod.
Zaphod's skin was crawling all over his body as if it was  trying
to get off. He turned and ran from the bedlam.
He plunged through the door and back into the corridor.
The man pursued him.
He raced in a frenzy to the end  of  the  corridor,  through  the
entrance  chamber  and  beyond.  He  arrived  on the flight deck,
slammed and bolted the door behind him. He leant back against the
door breathing hard.
Within seconds, a hand started beating on the door.
From somewhere on the flight deck a metallic voice addressed him.
"Passengers are not allowed on the flight deck. Please return  to
your seat, and wait for the ship to take off. Coffee and biscuits
are being served. This is your autopilot speaking. Please  return
to your seat."
Zaphod said nothing. He  breathed  hard,  behind  him,  the  hand
continued to knock on the door.
"Please return to your seat," repeated the autopilot. "Passengers
are not allowed on the flight deck."
"I'm not a passenger," panted Zaphod.
"Please return to your seat."
"I am not a passenger!" shouted Zaphod again.
"Please return to your seat."
"I am not a ... hello, can you hear me?"
"Please return to your seat."
You're the autopilot?" said Zaphod.
"Yes," said the voice from the flight console.
"You're in charge of this ship?"
"Yes," said the voice again, "there has been a delay.  Passengers
are  to  be  kept  temporarily  in suspended animation, for their
comfort and convenience. Coffee and  biscuits  are  being  served
every  year,  after  which  passengers  are returned to suspended
animation for their continued comfort and convenience.  Departure
will take place when the flight stores are complete. We apologize
for the delay."
Zaphod moved away from the door, on which the  pounding  had  now
ceased. He approached the flight console.
"Delay?" he cried, "Have you seen the world  outside  this  ship?
It's  a  wasteland,  a desert. Civilization's been and gone, man.
There  are  no  lemon-soaked  paper  napkins  on  the  way   from
anywhere!"
"The statistical likelihood," continued the autopilot primly, "is
that  other  civilizations  will  arise.  There  will  one day be
lemon-soaked paper napkins. Till  then  there  will  be  a  short
delay. Please return to your seat."
"But ..."
But at that moment the door opened. Zaphod span round to see  the
man  who  had  pursued  him  standing  there.  He carried a large
briefcase. He was smartly dressed, and his hair was short. He had
no beard and no long fingernails.
"Zaphod Beeblebrox," he said, "My name is  Zarniwoop.  I  believe
you wanted to see me."
Zaphod Beeblebrox wittered. His mouths said  foolish  things.  He
dropped into a chair.
"Oh man, oh man, where did you spring from?" he said.
"I've been waiting here for you," he said in a businesslike tone.
He put the briefcase down and sat in another chair.
"I am glad you followed instructions," he  said,  "I  was  a  bit
nervous  that  you  might  have left my office by the door rather
than the window. Then you would have been in trouble."
Zaphod shook his heads at him and burbled.
"When  you  entered  the  door  of  my  office,  you  entered  my
electronically  synthesized  Universe," he explained, "if you had
left by the door you would have been back in the  real  one.  The
artificial one works from here."
He patted the briefcase smugly.
Zaphod glared at him with resentment and loathing.
"What's the difference?" he muttered.
"Nothing," said Zarniwoop, "they are identical. Oh - except  that
I think the Frogstar Fighters are grey in the real Universe."
"What's going on?" spat Zaphod.
"Simple," said Zarniwoop. His self assurance  and  smugness  made
Zaphod seethe.
"Very simple," repeated Zarniwoop, "I discovered the  coordinated
at  which  this  man  could  be  found  -  the  man who rules the
Universe, and discovered that  his  world  was  protected  by  an
Unprobability  field.  To  protect  my  secret  -  and myself - I
retreated to the safety of this totally artificial  Universe  and
hid  myself  away  in  a  forgotten  cruise  liner. I was secure.
Meanwhile, you and I ..."
"You and I?" said Zaphod angrily, "you mean I knew you?"
"Yes," said Zarniwoop, "we knew each other well."
"I had no taste," said Zaphod and resumed a sullen silence.
"Meanwhile,  you  and  I  arranged  that  you  would  steal   the
Improbability  Drive  ship  -  the only one which could reach the
ruler's world - and bring it to me here. This you have now done I
trust,  and  I  congratulate you." He smiled a tight little smile
which Zaphod wanted to hit with a brick.
"Oh, and in case you  were  wondering,"  added  Zarniwoop,  "this
Universe  was  created  specifically  for you to come to. You are
therefore the most important person in this Universe.  You  would
never," he said with an even more brickable smile, "have survived
the Total Perspective Vortex in the real one. Shall we go?"
"Where?" said Zaphod sullenly. He felt collapsed.
"To your ship. The Heart of Gold. You did bring it I trust?"
"No."
"Where is your jacket?"
Zaphod looked at him in mystification.
"My jacket? I took it off. It's outside."
"Good, we will go and find it."
Zarniwoop stood up and gestured to Zaphod to follow him.
Out in the entrance chamber again, they could hear the screams of
the passengers being fed coffee and biscuits.
"It has not been a pleasant experience  waiting  for  you,"  said
Zarniwoop.
"Not pleasant for you!" bawled Zaphod, "How do you think ..."
Zarniwoop held up a silencing finger as the hatchway swung  open.
A few feet away from them they could see Zaphod's jacket lying in
the debris.
"A very remarkable  and  very  powerful  ship,"  said  Zarniwoop,
"watch."
As they watched, the pocket on the  jacket  suddenly  bulged.  It
split, it ripped. The small metal model of the Heart of Gold that
Zaphod had been bewildered to discover in his pocket was growing.
It grew, it continued to grow. It reached, after two minutes, its
full size.
"At an Improbability Level," said Zarniwoop, "of ... oh  I  don't
know, but something very large."
Zaphod swayed.
"You mean I had it with me all the time?"
"Zarniwoop smiled. He lifted up his briefcase and opened it.
He twisted a single switch inside it.
"Goodbye artificial Universe," he said, "hello real one!"
The scene before them shimmered briefly - and reappeared  exactly
as before.
"You see?" said Zarniwoop, "exactly the same."
 "You mean," repeated Zaphod tautly, "that I had it with  me  all
the time?"
"Oh yes," said Zarniwoop, "of course. That was the whole point."
"That's it," said Zaphod, "you can count me out, from  hereon  in
you  can count me out. I've had all I want of this. You play your
own games."
"I'm afraid you cannot leave," said Zarniwoop, "you are  entwined
in the Improbability field. You cannot escape."
He smiled the smile that Zaphod had wanted to hit and  this  time
Zaphod hit it.
=================================================================
Chapter 13
Ford Prefect bounded up to the bridge of the Heart of Gold.
"Trillian!  Arthur!"  he  shouted,  "it's  working!  The   ship's
reactivated!"
Trillian and Arthur were asleep on the floor.
"Come on you guys, we're going off, we're off," he  said  kicking
them awake.
"Hi there guys!" twittered the computer, "it's really great to be
back  with you again, I can tell you, and I just want to say that
..."
"Shut up," said Ford, "tell us where the hell we are."
"Frogstar World B, and man it's a dump," said Zaphod  running  on
to the bridge, "hi, guys, you must be so amazingly glad to see me
you don't even find words to tell me what a cool frood I am."
"What a what?" said Arthur blearily, picking himself up from  the
floor and not taking any of this in.
"I know how you feel," said Zaphod, "I'm  so  great  even  I  get
tongue-tied talking to myself. Hey it's good to see you Trillian,
Ford, Monkeyman. Hey, er, computer ...?"
"Hi there, Mr Beeblebrox sir, sure is a great honor to ..."
"Shut up and get us out of here, fast fast fast."
"Sure thing, fella, where do you want to go?"
"Anywhere, doesn't matter," shouted Zaphod,  "yes  it  does!"  he
said again, "we want to go to the nearest place to eat!"
"Sure thing," said the computer happily and a  massive  explosion
rocket the bridge.
When Zarniwoop entered a minute or so later with a black eye,  he
regarded the four wisps of smoke with interest.
=================================================================
Chapter 14
Four inert bodies sank through spinning blackness.  Consciousness
had  died, cold oblivion pulled the bodies down and down into the
pit of unbeing. The roar of silence echoed dismally  around  them
and  they  sank at last into a dark and bitter sea of heaving red
that slowly engulfed them, seemingly for ever.
After what seemed an eternity the sea receded and left them lying
on  a  cold  hard  shore, the flotsam and jetsam of the stream of
Life, the Universe, and Everything.
Cold spasms shook them, lights danced  sickeningly  around  them.
The  cold  hard  shore  tipped  and span and then stood still. It
shone darkly - it was a very highly polished cold hard shore.
A green blur watched them disapprovingly.
It coughed.
"Good evening,  madam,  gentlemen,"  it  said,  "do  you  have  a
reservation?"
Ford Prefect's consciousness snapped back  like  elastic,  making
his brain smart. He looked up woozily at the green blur.
"Reservation?" he said weakly. "Yes, sir," said the green blur.
"Do you need a reservation for the afterlife?"
In so far as it is possible for a green blur to arch its eyebrows
disdainfully, this is what the green blur now did.
"Afterlife, sir?" it said.
Arthur Dent was grappling with  his  consciousness  the  way  one
grapples with a lost bar of soap in the bath.
"Is this the afterlife?" he stammered.
"Well I assume so," said Ford Prefect trying to  work  out  which
way was up. He tested the theory that it must lie in the opposite
direction from the cold hard shore on which  he  was  lying,  and
staggered to what he hoped were his feet.
"I mean," he said, swaying gently, "there's no way we could  have
survived that blast is there?"
"No," muttered Arthur. He had raised himself on to his elbows but
it didn't seem to improve things. He slumped down again.
"No," said Trillian, standing up, "no way at all."
A dull hoarse gurgling sound came from the floor. It  was  Zaphod
Beeblebrox  attempting to speak. "I certainly didn't survive," he
gurgled, "I was a total goner. Wham bang and that was it."
"Yeah, thanks to you," said Ford, "We didn't stand a  chance.  We
must have been blown to bits. Arms, legs everywhere."
"Yeah," said Zaphod struggling noisily to his feet.
"If the lady and gentlemen would like to order drinks  ..."  said
the green blur, hovering impatiently beside them.
"Kerpow, splat," continued Zaphod, "instantaneously  zonked  into
our  component molecules. Hey, Ford," he said, identifying one of
the slowly solidifying blurs around him, "did you get that  thing
of your whole life flashing before you?"
"You got that too?" said Ford, "your whole life?"
"Yeah," said Zaphod, "at least I assume it was mine.  I  spent  a
lot of time out of my skulls you know."
He looked at around him at the various shapes that were  at  last
becoming  proper  shapes  instead of vague and wobbling shapeless
shapes.
"So ..." he said.
"So what?" said Ford.
"So here we are," said Zaphod hesitantly, "lying dead ..."
"Standing," Trillian corrected him.
"Er, standing dead," continued Zaphod, "in this desolate ..."
"Restaurant," said Arthur Dent who had got to his feet and  could
now, much to his surprise, see clearly. That is to say, the thing
that surprised him was not that he could see, but what  he  could
see.
"Here we are," continued Zaphod doggedly, "standing dead in  this
desolate ..."
"Five star ..." said Trillian.
"Restaurant," concluded Zaphod.
"Odd isn't it?" said Ford.
"Er, yeah."
"Nice chandeliers though," said Trillian.
They looked about themselves in bemusement.
"It's not so much an afterlife," said Arthur,  "more  a  sort  of
apres vie."
The chandeliers were in fact a little on the flashy side and  the
low  vaulted  ceiling from which they hung would not, in an ideal
Universe, have been painted in  that  particular  shade  of  deep
turquoise,  and  even  if  it  had  been  it  wouldn't  have been
highlighted by concealed moodlighting. This is not,  however,  an
ideal  Universe,  as  was  further  evidenced by the eye-crossing
patterns of the inlaid marble floor, and the  way  in  which  the
fronting  for  the  eighty-yard  long  marble-topped bar had been
made. The fronting for the eighty-yard long marble-topped bar had
been  made  by stitching together nearly twenty thousand Antarean
Mosaic Lizard skins, despite the fact that  the  twenty  thousand
lizards concerned had needed them to keep their insides in.
A few smartly dressed creatures were lounging casually at the bar
or  relaxing  in the richly coloured body-hugging seats that were
deployed here and there about  the  bar  area.  A  young  Vl'Hurg
officer  and  his  green  steaming  young lady passed through the
large smoked glass doors at the far  end  of  the  bar  into  the
dazzling light of the main body of the Restaurant beyond.
Behind Arthur was a large curtained bay window. He  pulled  aside
the  corner  of  the  curtain and looked out at a landscape which
under normal circumstances would have given Arthur  the  creeping
horrors.  These  were not, however, normal circumstances, for the
thing that froze his blood and made his skin try to crawl up  his
back and off the top of his head was the sky. The sky was ...
An attendant flunkey politely drew the curtain back into place.
"All in good time, sir," he said.
Zaphod's eyes flashed.
"Hey, hang about you dead guys," he said, "I think we're  missing
some ultra-important thing here you know. Something somebody said
and we missed it."
Arthur was profoundly relieved to turn his attention from what he
had just seen.
He said, "I said it was a sort of apres ..."
"Yeah, and don't you wish you hadn't?" said Zaphod, "Ford?"
"I said it was odd."
"Yeah, shrewd but dull, perhaps it was ..."
"Perhaps," interrupted the  green  blur  who  had  by  this  time
resolved  into  the  shape  of  a small wizened dark-suited green
waiter, "perhaps you would care to discuss the matter over drinks
..."
"Drinks!" cried Zaphod, "that was it! See what you  miss  if  you
don't stay alert."
"Indeed sir,"  said  the  waiter  patiently.  "If  the  lady  and
gentlemen would care to order drinks before dinner ..."
"Dinner!" Zaphod exclaimed with passion,  "Listen,  little  green
person,  my  stomach could take you home and cuddle you all night
for the mere idea."
"... and the Universe," concluded the waiter, determined  not  to
be  deflected  on  his home stretch, "will explode later for your
pleasure."
Ford's head swivelled towards him. He spoke with feeling.
"Wow," he said, "What sort of drinks do you serve in this place?"
The waiter laughed a polite little waiter's laugh.
"Ah," he said, "I think sir has perhaps misunderstood me."
"Oh, I hope not," breathed Ford.
The waiter coughed a polite little waiter's cough.
"It is not unusual for our customers to be a  little  disoriented
by the time journey," he said, "so if I might suggest ..."
"Time journey?" said Zaphod.
"Time journey?" said Ford.
"Time journey?" said Trillian.
"You mean this isn't the afterlife?" said Arthur.
The waiter smiled a polite little waiter's smile. He  had  almost
exhausted  his  polite little waiter repertoire and would soon be
slipping into his role of a rather  tight  lipped  and  sarcastic
little waiter.
"Afterlife sir?" he said, "No sir."
"And we're not dead?" said Arthur.
The waiter tightened his lips.
"Aha, ha," he said, "Sir is most  evidently  alive,  otherwise  I
would not attempt to serve sir."
In an extraordinary gesture  which  is  pointless  attempting  to
describe,  Zaphod  Beeblebrox slapped both his foreheads with two
of his arms and one of his thighs with the other.
"Hey guys," he said, "This  is  crazy.  We  finally  did  it.  We
finally got to where we were going. This is Milliways!"
"Yes sir," said the waiter, laying on the patience with a trowel,
"this is Milliways - the Restaurant at the End of the Universe."
"End of what?" said Arthur.
"The  Universe,"  repeated   the   waiter,   very   clearly   and
unnecessarily distinctly.
"When did that end?" said Arthur.
"In just a few minutes, sir," said the waiter.  He  took  a  deep
