it however, as periodically, the scanner bandwith gets flooded
with garbage.  Akin to resonance echoes, Sir.
     "I would think that this may lead to some problems with
their navigational sensors. "
     Tarva didn't quite agree with S'Erlet's opinion, "I doubt
that a Captain would have his ship prepare for warp speed if he
felt that his sensors  were faulty ...."  Tarva kept her other
suspicions silent.
    Assali continued to remain sailent on their speculations.
    "Ensign O'Malley, at current course what is their best
destination?"  Anthony asked.
    "Sir, current course will set them directly to Star Base
89."
    Anthony turned to Assali "Commander, would Star Base 89 be
an appropriate destination for the Delphi at this time?"
    Assali continued to simply stand mute.
    "What would be the average cruising speed of a Pentalia
class ship?"
    "Warp six" Tarva replied.
    "Plot a wide course to Star Base 89 best speed.  We'll just
go and wait for them." Anthony said.
    "Best speed, Sir?" O'Malley confirmed.
    "Best Speed" Tarva confirmed.
    "Aye, Sir." O'Malley worked a few buttons.  "Course plotted
and laid in, Sir"
    "Engage." Anthony stood casually with his hands in his
jacket pockets.
    The helmsman next to O'Malley pushed a few buttons and the
Vigilante vectored out of orbit just like the Delphi except for
the 'Crazy Qhasmon'.  "Full impulse" he reported.
    "We're clear for warp" O'Malley said after a couple minutes.
    "Engage." Tarva said from the Captain's chair.
    The star field on the screen suddenly blurred to the
standard 'rushing stars' optical illusion of warp.  "Best Speed
attained." the helmsman said immediately.
    "Very good, notify me when we arrive at Star Base 89."
Anthony then turned to Assali "Won't you join me in the briefing
room?" and headed toward a door near one of the Turbo Lifts.
Assali turned and followed the Captain off the bridge.
    Anthony had to layout their mission to Assali in some
detail.  He, however, did not tell him of the new technology or
how they planned to get to the Borg in a timely manner.  The
fewest number of details revealed the better, if only he could
totally convince Assali.
    The toughest part was getting Assali to agree to try to
convince Malory on his word alone with out revealing the
Vigilante or its nature.
    Assali still didn't have any idea what the ship looked like.
All windows he'd seen merely looked into empty space and Anthony
was very tight lipped about details of the ship.
    "Captain," Assali said "You have more or less convinced me
of your sincerity and the importance of your mission.  My
question remains, how are you going to contact the Delphi or
alter it's logs after it arrives at Star Base 89?"
    "Actually near a Star Base a Star Ship is likely to have
minimum security especially when it comes to having its shields
lowered for transport."
    "And what do you plan to do when the Delphi lowers its
shields?" Assali was again showing proper concern for his ship.
    Anthony smiled and said "Not the same thing we would have
done if they had dropped their shields at AR-24."
    Assali scowled at the evasion.
    "Okay, here's my plan, since it involves you and will
require your help..."
-----------
    Whitecloud had been assigned a small but nice room.  In
fact, it was a lot nicer than what she had on the Vigilante, but
it wasn't home.  She had been allowed only limited contact with
the rest of her crew, they were being treated equally well.  She
wondered with a flashing grin how close their stories were to
hers.
    Anndrea Whitecloud had lost faith in a Supreme Being since
she was disenchanted on Infiniti West, now she found herself
praying that The Vigilante had picked up the Delphi's landing
party.  With the death of S'Turlek she had lost a total of 13 of
the original 18.  It would be difficult for even a seasoned
commander to deal with, it being her first solo command made it
even more difficult.
    Whitecloud walked to her door which she had to signal to
have the guard open.  A guard stood in the doorway looking at
her "What do you want?" he said.
    "I Was told that you had exercise facilities that could be
made available to me." Whitecloud said as pleasantly as she
could.
    "One moment" he said cursly.  She could see him reach to his
communicator pin as the door slid shut between them.
    A few moments later the door slid open again and the guard
still stood in the same position. "Facilities are currently
available, are you ready at this time?"
    "Yes, that would be fine" she grabbed the bag of exercise
clothes she had been issued and headed out the door.  A pair of
guards fell in behind her.
     Anndrea had been working out on the strength training
equipment for about ten minutes when a couple of young security
officers, not that she had seen an older security officer on the
DELPHI yet, entered the rec room.
    "You're the one, aren't you?" one of them said as they
approached.
    Whitecloud who had been in a reclined position sat up and
pushed hair off of her face.  "I'm sorry were you talking to me,
Ensign?" she said in an authoritative voice.
    "Your the one who killed the away team.  What are you doing
in here?  Shouldn't you be in the brig?" one of them said
harshly.
    "What caused that terrible accident is still under
investigation." Whitecloud said as she stood up.
    "Were the hell do you think your going?" the other said and
pushed Whitecloud hard enough to make her sit back down on the
bench.  "You kill two security officers and the First Officer,
now your in the security training room acting like you own the
place."
    Whitecloud stood up quickly and stared at the speaker then
hissed "Mister, if you touch me again, I will KILL you, is that
understood?"
    The other one grabbed her by the arm and spun her towards
him as he said "How dare you threaten Star Fleet officers".
    Whitecloud grabbed the man's arm, pulled him free of her and
twisted the arm around his back.  The man groaned from the
sudden stretch then screamed as his arm and shoulder broke and
and his arm started to double back on itself.
    As soon as his friend screamed the other man rushed at them.
Whitecloud kicked straight out at him landing square in the
chest doubling him over and throwing him across the room.
    Whitecloud stood behind the man and continued applying
pressure.  As he screamed she whispered icily "Death is easy if
you know how to apply it."
    In response to the man's screams, the guards had come
running into the room.  "What's going on here!" one of them
yelled as they approached.
    Whitecloud let the man go and pushed him to the floor.  "Why
did you let these two in, you know I'm not allowed company."
    One guard held a phaser on Whitecloud while the other knelt
down to examine the security man she had just released.  His arm
was still twisted up behind his back and he lay on his stomach
moaning.  The guard with the phaser touched his communicator pin
and said "Security and medical to Security Training Room one."
-----------
    Anndrea Whitecloud stood in the conference room in a stiff
at ease posture.  Seated at the table were Captain Malory, Chief
of Security Anna Zalvosta, and Doctor Mayak.  Standing to either
side of Whitecloud but against the walls were two large security
men.
    "Ms. Smith," Malory began "we are here to determine the
circumstances around the incident earlier today in the Training
Room.  In your own words what exactly happened there today?"
    "Sir, I was approached at a time when I was led to believe
that I was to remain segregated from the rest of your crew."
Whitecloud began "They accosted me in a rough and threatening
manner.  I told these ENSIGNS to leave me alone, instead they
persisted in confronting me.  Since they were not suppose to be
there, I knew they didn't just 'happen on me'.  They had planned
to confront me and were in collusion with my guards.  It was
obvious that they had plans for me, I was not about to allow
them to follow through."
    "The Ensigns of course, tell a different story." Captain
Malory said "I tend to believe the truth is some where in the
middle."
    "Captain, Sir," Lieutenant Zalvosta said "do you believe
that four Star Fleet officers are lying?"
    The Captain turned to his new Chief of Security "I believe
that both parties' perceptions of events may be slightly
clouded."  Then to Mayak "Doctor, what is the status of the
injured crewman?"
    The doctor looked down at a chart in front of her "The
gentleman with the injured arm should be pretty much healed in a
day or two.  His arm, however, may never be exactly right, but
we'll see.  The other merely had the wind knocked out of him,
he's fine."
    "Thank you, Doctor.  Ms Zalvosta inform all personnel
involved that appropriate disciplinary action will be taken."
Malory then spoke to the whole room "Ms Smith please take a
seat, the rest are dismissed."
    "But Sir..." one of Whitecloud's guards started.
    "But nothing, everyone is dismissed I wish to talk privately
with Ms Smith."
    "Aye, Sir." the other guard said and they headed out of the
room with the rest.
    After Whitecloud had taken a seat across from Malory he said
"Lieutenant Whitecloud, I believe it is time we ended this
charade."
    "I'm sorry, you must have me mistaken for somebody else."
Whitecloud said calmly.
    Malory pushed a few buttons on the console in front of him.
The screen at one end of the room came on with the first page of
Whitecloud's file from Star Base 89.  The visual was poor, as
was standard, but it was obviously Whitecloud. "Are you trying
to deny that this is you."
    Whitecloud thought for a second and said very seriously
"Sir, I'm hoping you will realize that the persons in those
files can't be on this ship."
    "I must know why three of my best officers were killed.  I
have a lot of questions I need answered, before I can accept
that you were never here."
    "Tell me what you have." Whitecloud seemed to be offering to
answer the questions.
    Malory paged through his notes on the terminal for a few
minutes while he considered the options.  Finally he said "The
explosion?"
    "We could not leave top secret equipment to be found by
anybody.  Policy."
    "What really happened?"
    "You stumbled on to a top secrete project just when things
weren't going well"
    Malory continued to page through his notes "Your still being
extremely evasive, Lieutenant."
    "I have my orders."
    "And what do your orders say about answering to Admirals
under direct questioning?"
    "I'm willing to pay the price of keeping my orders."
    Malory frowned at her stubbornness, this wasn't getting any
where.  He knew that she was hiding a lot, but was she sincere
about the secrecy.  If she was telling the truth and Star Fleet
was involved, then he shouldn't be asking her questions.
    "I'll leave the rest of the questions to the Admiral, maybe
you'll be able to talk more freely with him."  Malory said then
turned off his console.
    "I don't think so." Whitecloud said matter of factly.
    "Well, we'll find out very soon."
    The conversation was interrupted by the comm pipping on
"Captain, Bridge here".
    "Go ahead, Mr Penthrach"
    "Sir, preparing to drop out of warp for approach to Star
Base 89."
    "Very good, I'll be there in a few minutes."
    "Bridge out."
    Malory left the room then the two large security men came in
to escort Whitecloud back to her quarters.  As they walked down
the corridor, Anndrea considered her new gaurds.  It was obvious
these two were chosen to guard her because of their size.  They
even wore security vests that would help protect them incase of
a fight.  She was quite flattered by the respect they were
finally showing her.
    She decided to start a polite converstation, she looked up
at one, smiled and said sweetly "Are you, afraid of me?"
    He looked at her with a frown and replied curtly "No."  They
were not suppose to talk to her, and didn't want to.
    The tio had arrived at Whitecloud's quarters.  She stepped
in, then turned to face them, continuing to smile and holding
her hands behind her back in a loose at-ease posture.
    "You should be." she said.
    The door slid shut between them.
-----------
    The Vigilante had taken up a place off of Star Base 89.
They had been hiding in a nearby system until they estimated the
Delphi would arrive.
    The ship's orientation made the Star Base appear to be
laying on it's side.  It was a massive structure, designed to
dock more then ten Star Ships at a time.
    The top half was dome shape, with a long pylon like tale
extending below it.  The structure ended up looking very much
like a mushroom.  Protruding from every surface of the Base
where a multitude of antennas and sensor arrays.  Evenly spaced
around the base of the dome were five large doors to allow
StarShips into Dry dock.
    Being a monitoring station for the neutral zone, Star Base
89 was heavily armed and shielded.  It not only had phaser rings
on the dome but had a multitude of phaser cannons and torpedo
launchers spread over the surface.  The shield generators were
not as visible but were still there.  From shear size alone the
base was able to generate shields capable of with standing a
prolonged attack.
    "Ensign, monitor the scanners closely, we don't need anybody
bumping into us."  Tarva said from the Captain's chair.  Tarva
smiled at her use of words, she was begining to sound like the
Captain.
    "Aye, Sir" replied O'Malley.  She soon spoke again "Sir, the
Delphi is dropping out of warp and approaching standard orbit
around Star Base 89."
    Tarva stood and pressed a button on the Captain's console
"Bridge to Captain Anthony."
    "Go ahead." returned the Captain immediately.
    "Sir, the Delphi has just dropped out of warp and is
approaching Star Base."
    "Acknowledged, I'm on my way."
    Tarva then headed to the turbo-lift.
    Tarva entered Transporter Room II dressed in her yellow Star
Fleet uniform.  Commander Norton, Commander Assali and Chief
Swanson waited for her.  Norton also wore his yellow standard
uniform, just incase.
    Tarva spoke to Norton as she entered "Have you been able to
spot any of our people on the Delphi?"
    "We think we've spotted Valerta and Galleran.  We also feel
that we can transport through their shields.  As they stand,
their at minimum power and we've been able to determine the
pulse frequency.  I think, however, that it wouldn't be prudent
to just pull them out."
    "Agreed, what's the Delphi's Transporter activity been
like?"
    "There's been some activity but there hasn't been any way to
tell if any of our crew but Valerta and Galleran are still on
the ship." Swanson replied.
    Tarva said "I'll go to Star Base and try to contact Captain
Malory from there."
    She then stepped onto the front of the large pad.  As she
stepped up, she noticed the pad had a slightly different tint to
it then the rest.  It was the pad destroyed by the accident that
killed Ensign Shertz.  Tarva was tempted to step to an adjoining
pad, but didn't.  "When ever your ready, Chief."
    "Waiting for an opening, Sir" Swanson said as she watched
her scanner. "Energizing"
    The scene around Tarva shifted and was replaced by a hallway
on Star Base 89.  She immediately started walking as if she was
going somewhere.  It would take her a moment or two to get her
bearings but she didn't want to look out of place.
    Tarva had been to Star Base 89 and knew where she was going.
The Base lounge was quite large to accommodate the high Star
Base traffic.  One feature, was a communication facility for
personnel to make personal calls to other ships.  Normally, even
personal traffic had to be channeled through official channels.
These facilities allowed personnel to keep in touch on a more
unofficial level.
    "Commander Tarva?" The male voice came from behind her as
she approached the doors to the lounge.  When she turned she saw
a medium built human wearing a yellow uniform with Star Base
security insignia.
    "Lieutenant Bloom," Tarva said trying to be casual. "It's
been a long time."
    "Commander, I didn't know you were visiting, I would have
looked you up."  Bloom said with a smile as he approached.  "How
have you been?"
    Lieutenant Ian Bloom had served as second in command of
security under Tarva on the Eclipse.  He had transferred to a
position on Star Base A107 a month before the Borg incident.
    "I didn't know you were stationed here." Tarva said with a
smile when he reached her.
    "I'm Chief of Internal Security." he said proudly.  She knew
that his interests always were in Star Base Security.  "Where
are you stationed now, Sir?"
    "I've been working as a security consultant for new
operations in the sector." Tarva lied.
    "So your just visiting?  Perhaps you'd join me for dinner
this evening, we have so much to catch up on."
    Tarva smiled, she and Lieutenant Bloom had become good
friends.  She really would like to catch up with him. "I'm
Sorry, I can't, I have somebody else I really do need to catch
before one of us leaves."
    "Perhaps I could help." he offered as they approached the
doors to the lounge.
    "Thanks, but that's not necessary, all I have to do is make
a call."
    He smiled, "Of course, your here to use the comm center.
Okay, I'll let you go."
    "Perhaps we can schedule dinner before I leave, I'll contact
you."
    "Very good," he said "Till then.." he bowed slightly then
turned crisply and walked back down the hall.
    Tarva walked through the nearly empty lounge.  Because of
the few patrons she could catch snippets of conversation.  Once
again her K.D.F. back ground showed it self.  She caught her
self trying to listen to them as she passed.  You never know
what you could pick up.
    One conversation caught her attention but she didn't allow
herself to even slow down as she passed.
    "..I still can't believe the away team was killed, it
happened so quick, no warning."
    "And your saying that the Captain is cajoling the person who
caused it?"
    "You wouldn't believe..."
    Tarva entered one of the comm booths on the far side of the
lounge.  She placed her palm on the ID pad, hoping Anthony was
right about how she was officially listed.  A small screen lit
up showing her ID information.
              NAME    : Sashon Tarva
              RANK    : Commander
              POSITION: Security Specialist --
                        Star Fleet Security Consultant Corps.
              NOTES   : Currently on Assignment along Romulan
                        Neutral Zone assessing possible security
                        Lapses.
    Most of the Vigilante's crew where listed as deceased.  The
top brass of Project Fulton, however, knew that the Vig may have
need of making some kind of contact with regular Star Fleet.
Some selected officers on the Vigilante were assigned to the
S.F.S.C.C. which was, in fact, just a cover for Project Fulton
personnel.
    She then entered her request for a patch to the Delphi.
Since it was a public channel there was a slight wait before the
hail was answered.
    The chubby face of a rather over weight man appeared on the
monitor.  "This is the Delphi, Lieutenant Penthrach, can I help
you?"
    "Yes, I'd like to speak with Captain Malory."
    The man glanced at his screen obviously checking her
personal information provided with the transmission.  "I'm
sorry, Commander Tarva, the Captain is not available at this
time.  Can I take a message or arrange a call back?"
    "Yes, tell the Captain I'd like to speak with him as soon as
he is available."  Tarva then placed her communicator pin in a
matching indentation on her console.  "Entering communicator
frequency now."
    "Very good, Commander, I'll pass your message to the Captain
as soon as he is available."
    "Thank you, Tarva out."
    The screen blinked off, Tarva stood and headed to a table in
the lounge.  She was trying to place her pin on properly when a
shadow covered her.  Thinking it was the waiter she looked up to
order.
    "Commander Tarva?" said a blond haired human female standing
over her.  She wore the red uniform of Star Fleet command and
commander pips on her collar.
                              to be continued........
--------------
                   T H E   V I G I L A N T E
                              IIIC
                         "The Warriors"
                          (continued)
....
You who find us in this place,
Have pity in your breast;
Let us in our last embrace,
Under earth sun-hallowed rest.
Night's a claw upon my brain:
Oh, to see the sun again!
              "SUNSHINE"
           Robert W. Service
    Tarva stood out of courtesy to a fellow Star Fleet Commander
"Yes, do I know you?"
    The woman offered her hand and said "My name is Commander
Shelby".
    Tarva ignored the gesture and said "Won't you have a seat."
and motioned toward an extra chair at her table.  This was not a
good sign, but Tarva figured Commander Shelby may have merely
recognized her.  There weren't that many Kalonians in Star
Fleet.
    When they were both seated Tarva asked "How may I help you?"
    The woman looked at Tarva seriously "Let me get right to
business, I'm what I guess I would call, the local liaison for
the S.F.S.C.C."
    Tarva was not expecting this, she knew that the S.F.S.C.C.
was just a front developed by Project Fulton.  Commander Shelby
admitting she was in the 'Corps' was telling her that she must
know about the Vigilante.
    Tarva didn't say anything she just looked at Shelby as if
waiting for her to finish a sentence.
    So she continued "I was alerted to your presence by the
computer when you accessed the comm station.  I must admit that
I was not expecting any of the 'Corps' to be stopping by here so
soon."
    "Why wouldn't you be expecting me, Commander, Star Base 89
was on my schedule."  Tarva replied pleasantly.
    "Of course, this isn't the proper place for us to discuss
this matter." Shelby said and stood up "Shall we."
    Tarva followed Shelby out of the lounge.  She turned to
Tarva "So, how long have you been on Star Base 89?"
    "For a while." Tarva replied.
    They walked swiftly through the corridors not speaking.
They turned into a small room in a security section.  The room
was bare except for a table and several chairs, when the door
closed, it seemed to seal itself.  There wasn't even the
obligatory computer console or other computer based accessories.
Shelby took one of the seats and Tarva sat in another.
    "So, how can I help you, Commander?" Tarva said.
    "Commander, what in the world are you doing here?  Project
Fulton issued explicit orders for you not to make contact.  Is
your ship in the area?"
    "I do not know who you are, or what connection you have with
Project Fulton.  If you are involved, you know that I can't
discuss any details with you.  So why have you even contacted
me?"
    "I've chosen to contact you because you've boarded Star Base
89 without authorization and you are in direct violation of
Fulton directives.  I'm trying to determine why you have done
this and if we should be concerned about your progress." Shelby
seemed to be getting slightly anxious.
    Tarva decided that this human knew enough about the project
to confide in.  "During a training session, we experienced a
failure in one of our personnel delivery systems.  This failure
caused the loss of quite a few of the team involved.  The
remainder of the team was picked up by Captain Malory and the
U.S.S. Delphi before we had a chance to retrieve them ourselves.
At the same time we found it prudent to remove a Delphi landing
party from the site before some wreckage self destructed."
    Shelby put the pieces together "So your ship and the Delphi
have effectively exchanged crew members, is that correct?"
    "Yes."
    "Now your here to contact Captain Malory to try to effect
some sort of exchange."
    "Essentially."
    Shelby sat back in her chair and looked at Tarva "Is there
anyway I can help?"
    "Does this Admiral Hrgon know about project Fulton?" Tarva
asked.
    "Not officially." Shelby said as if it was a running
problem.
    "What does that mean?"
    "The Admiral is, shall we say, extremely nosy, he has to
know everything that is going on in his quadrant.  He won't
acknowledge the fact that there may be some Star Fleet projects
that he shouldn't know about."
    Tarva thought for a second then asked "And how much do you
know of the project, just were are you placed?"
    "You may have already guessed that I can't really answer
that question but I can tell you what I don't know.  I don't
know your ship's name or how its going to do what its suppose
to.  I don't know the Captain, it could be you. I do know some
of the basic tech theories proposed for use in Project Fulton
but I don't know their standing.  I guess my job is that of
liaison, any time S.F.S.C.C. comes through the computer, I jump.
Other then that, I have regular duties here.  In fact, this is
the first time I've actually been needed in this capacity."
    "I think you may be able to help us, Commander." Tarva said
"If we are going to convince Captain Malory to go along with us
we may need your input."
    "That's why I'm here."
    Tarva's comm pin began to chime, she immediately touched it
and said "This is Commander Tarva"
    "Commander," came a familiar voice "Malory here."
    Tarva smiled at the sound of his voice "Captain, I need to
talk to you, it's quite important"
    "I can arrange for you to beam over, if you want."
    "That would be best." Tarva replied.
    "Very good, I'll release authorization."
    "Acknowledged, Tarva out."
    Tarva turned to Shelby "Where's the nearest transporter
room?"
    "I'll take you."
    The two commanders walked out of the secure room and headed
down the hall.
-----------
    Tarva watched Commander Shelby, the Transporter Chief and
the Star Base transporter room begin to sparkle, soon everything
was sparkling.  The sparkling began to reform in the shape of a
new transporter room.  At the controls was a Yellow shirtted
operator and next him was a young man in a red command uniform.
    As soon as she could move again, Tarva came stiffly to
attention and said "Captain, permission to come aboard, Sir?"
    "Permission granted," Captain Malory said "Welcome aboard
the Delphi."
    "Thank you, Sir."
    "So, Commander Tarva," Malory said with a smile "how have
you been?"  The standard offer of a handshake was absent.
    "I've been fine." She replied formally "Sir, I do need to
talk with you."
    "Yes, of course." Malory said then motioned to the door.
"Won't you come with me."  They walked into the hall and headed
to the turbo lift.  "So, Commander, your doing security
consulting now, must be very interesting."
    "Yes, Sir, I get to do a lot of traveling, it keeps me quite
busy."  They rode the lift only a few decks before stepping onto
the bridge.
    Tarva quickly surveyed the bridge.  It was definitely a
standard Pentalia layout but obviously brand new.  A few things
looked slightly familiar.  They were the extra panels tacked on
to the ops station and science station.  Very similar in look to
what was tacked on the Vigilante's helm and navigation stations.
    "Mr Qhasmon," Malory said to the blue skinned Andorian
sitting in the Captain's chair "Please make sure that I have
minimum interruptions while I talk to Commander Tarva"
    "Aye, Sir." he replied immediately.
    Tarva followed Malory into his ready room and as the door
slid shut she heard someone say "Two Kalonian's in less then a
week, that's one for the record book."
    As soon as the door closed Malory turned around and embraced
Tarva.  "Sashon, what are you doing here?" He asked after their
short hug.
    "Percival, I've got a problem and I need your help."
    "You know I'd do anything I can for you."  Malory said as he
leaned against his desk with hands to his side.  "What do you
need, passage somewhere, someplace to stay, what?"
    Tarva frowned slightly and took a step toward him "It's not
that easy."
    "Well, lets hear it then." Malory was starting to get
interested, he had never known Sashon to be evasive.
    Tarva looked around the room then said "Is this room totally
secured?"
    Malory looked puzzled and troubled at the same time then
said "Computer"
    "WORKING" came the generic female voice.
    "Initiate, Alpha security"
    "ALPHA SECURITY INITIATED" Replied the voice.
    Tarva looked back at the door control panel.  The small
green light on it had changed to red.  The red light was the
only out ward sign of a security code implementation.
    "Satisfied?" Malory had walked behind his desk and motioned
for Tarva to have a seat.  After she sat down, so did he.  "Now
what's with all of the secrecy?"
    Tarva sat back comfortably, crossed her legs at the knees
and said "I'm here to get my crew back."
    "And what crew is that?" Malory asked sounding genuinely
confused.
    Tarva smiled "I believe you picked them up in AR-24.  I'm
here to retrieve them."
    "So she wasn't lying when she said Star Fleet was involved."
Malory mused to himself.
    "Who is that, Captain?"
    Malory sat for a minute then said "I should have known that
you were involved, Whitecloud is too damned cold to be
associated with anybody else."
    "I hope the Lieutenant hasn't caused you any trouble, I must
warn you that some would refer to her as, I believe the proper
phrase is 'a Loose Cannon'." Tarva paused then added "Lieutenant
Whitecloud is a very good warrior, she was one of my star pupils
when I was training Special Forces."
     Malory smiled, "Thanks for the warning, but it's a bit
late.  Don't worry though, no one was injured too severely.."
    "I do apologize for any incident that may have occurred.
Most of our crew is a bit 'on the edge'.  We've learned how to
deal with them, but they can be a handful if your not prepared."
    "So I found out." Malory agreed.
    Tarva had to turn the conversation back on track "Now if you
could tell me who else is alive and where they are."
    "Now wait a minute, Sashon, three of my officers were killed
in AR-24.  I can't just turn them over to you without finishing
the investigation."  Something was going on here and Malory
wasn't about to just drop everything blindly, even if the
security of the Federation was involved.  He had a duty to his
ship and his crew to find out what.  Besides, if this was for
real, Admiral Hrgon would know about it, wouldn't he?
    "What I was hoping for is not going to be that easy,
Captain." Tarva said "But that brings me to the other topic I
wanted to discuss."
    "And what might that be?"
    "Your landing party was not killed at AR-24."
    "What?"
    "We were able to retrieve them just before the explosion."
    "If my people are still alive, where are they?"
    "They are quite safe, you can trust me on that.  Right now,
they're just waiting for me to arrange a proper exchange."
    "Well, that's going to be difficult.  Lieutenant Whitecloud
has already been transferred to the Star Base for interrogation.
I was delivering her when you called."  Malory seemed quite
aware of the irony.
    Tarva considered for a second then said "Can you get her
back?"
    Malory laughed "Get her back? I couldn't even keep her
myself!  As required, I had to inform the Admiral of the deaths
of my three crewmen.  As such, the Admiral wanted all of the
details... After I informed him of the party that I beamed up,
he almost went berserk.  He wants to interrogate all of them
personally, I would have liked to have asked my own questions...
I have to deliver the other four survivors within a couple of
hours ..."
    "I thought there were six survivors?" Tarva said concerned.
    "Oh yes, the Vulcan S'Turlek, did not survive his injuries."
    Tarva was quiet for a few moments "Let me lay this on the
table.  We have to get this taken care of.  Not only do we want
to get both crews back to were they're suppose to be, but we
also need to adjust ship's logs to erase all data collected."
    "Now wait a minute, your asking me to forge my logs on your
word?"  Malory was quite serious "I'm sorry, Sashon, but I can't
do that, on what little you've given me."
    Tarva said  "We knew that this would be your response so
we've arranged to give you more then my word."  She then stood
and pulled out a large old style communicator from under the
back of her uniform.  She flipped it open and said "Have you
made arrangements with Commander Shelby?"
    Malory shuddered, if Commander Shelby is involved in this,
it must have something to do with the Borg.  If that's true,
it's no wonder they have such tight security.
    Tarva listened to the response on the communicator then said
to Malory "Can you at least promise not to make any new logs
concerning this incident and especially this conversation until
I've had further opportunity to convince you?"
    Now Malory didn't need to consider for a second "I will not
make any new logs or investigate this incident further until
you've had that chance."
    Tarva smiled "Now would be as good a time as any to get
started."
    Captain Malory stood, ready for the intrigue.  "Where do we
go?"
    "Let's start by going back to Star Base 89."
    "Okay, but first, I have to talk with my officers, won't you
wait on the bridge for a second.  Computer, cancel alpha
security."
    "ALPHA SECURITY CANCELED."
    The red light on the control pad changed back to green and
Tarva headed out.  She could hear Malory asking some of his
officers to come in.
    The communications officer and a young female officer were
already headed to the ready room as she stepped onto the bridge.
    "Mr Penthrach, has there been any unauthorized
communications to or from the Delphi, say in the past ten
minutes?" Malory asked as soon as the door was closed.
    The Lieutenant stiffened his large frame "No sir, our
systems would alert us to any unauthorized transmission."
    Malory then turned to the female "Ensign, has there been any
unusual ORACLE anomalies since we dropped out of warp?"
    The Ensign also came to stiff attention "No Sir, We've been
doing the standard calibrations since arrival.  We have not had
any unaccounted for readings."  The standard ORACLE testing
procedures included testing it's output against the known
readings from other ships and structures in the area.
    "Is there a problem, Sir?" Penthrach asked.
    "No Lieutenant, dismissed."
    With that all three stepped onto the bridge.
    Tarva and Malory appeared in a small transporter room on
Star Base 89.  The room was empty except for the operator, a
blond haired human female wearing a red command uniform.
    "Commander Shelby, how nice to see you again."  Malory said
to the attractive officer as soon as he was released from the
effects of the transporter.
    Shelby was all business "Sir, won't you come with me
please?"  She immediately turned and exited the room before they
had a chance to even step down from the transporter.
    Tarva and Malory followed Commander Shelby, none of them
said a word.  They were soon in the security section standing
outside the secure room Tarva and Shelby had met in earlier.
The door opened indicating it was unoccupied.  Shelby pressed a
button on the control pad closing it in front of them.  Tarva
and Shelby watched down the corridor until it was empty.  Shelby
then nodded to Tarva.
    Tarva pulled out her communicator and said into it "All is
clear, you may proceed when ready."  the communicator was
quickly returned to it's place under her tunic.
    A light blinked on the control pad indicating the door was
being operated from inside.  It then slid open revealing
Malory's First Officer.
    "Captain, it's good to see you again." Assali said with a
wide smile.
    The four sat around the table in the sealed room.  Tarva,
Shelby and Assali had been laying out the details of what needed
to be done.  With Assali convinced it hadn't taken much to swing
Malory.  There came a time that every Captain had to implicitly
trust his officers especially the First Officer this was
certainly one of them.
    "I still can't believe that Admiral Hrgon is out side the
loop on this." Malory said.
    "We couldn't include everybody." Shelby replied "That would
defeat the purpose.  The more people who know, the greater the
chance of a leak either accidental or intentional we just can't
afford one.  Besides, though Admiral Hrgon's loyalty to Star
Fleet is indisputable, he does have his own agenda.  We don't
need anybody side tracking Project Fulton to affect their own
power base."
    "I suppose your right, but it still disturbs me to be going
around a commanding officer's back."  Malory thought for a
second then said "How about Commodore Albrit?"
    Shelby frowned, "He's dead, we're still not sure what
happened to him.  No disrespect intended, but I wouldn't have
had anything to do with this project if he'd been involved."
    Malory frowned and nodded as well, "I hadn't heard that ...
but you've won me over... Now, how are we going to accomplish
this task?"
    After further discussion they had come up with plans to get
The Vigilante's crew back to her and they had a plan for
explaining the reappearance of the Delphi's officers.  The
biggest problem would be getting Whitecloud away from Admiral
Hrgon without him going ballistic looking for her.  That was the
tough part, he had her under tight guard and would be ready for
the others very soon.
    After they stood to leave Assali pulled out an over sized
communicator, like Tarva carried.  He watched the others leave
as he signaled the Vigilante.  As soon as the door shut behind
them the walls shifted and became the Vigilante's transporter
room.
    Malory spoke to Commander Shelby as they walked back toward
the transporter room.  "Tarva and I will begin preparations as
soon as we get back to the Delphi."
    "Very good, I'll begin preparations on this end.  I hope all
works out, we need to get this over with as soon as possible."
Shelby had just finished speaking when they turned a corner and
came face to face with Admiral Hrgon and Lieutenant Bloom.
    "Ah, Captain Malory, just the human I've been looking for."
said the Admiral.  He was relatively short, a Tellerite, quite
hairy with a large nose, more like a snout.
    Malory, Shelby and Tarva immediately came to a natural
attention.  "Sir," Malory said "How can I help you?"
    Hrgon ignored Malory for the moment and turned to
acknowledge the others "Commander Shelby, and this must be
Commander Tarva."
    "Sir" they both said.
    "Commander Tarva, your with the S F S C C?" Hrgon pronounced
each of the letters as if it were a word.
    "Yes, Sir." She replied.
    "Very good, I'll be wanting to discuss something with you,
if you could contact my aid to set up a time."
    "Sir, I may not be in the area much longer." Tarva said
trying to avoid the meeting.
    "Well, we'll just have to make it soon.  By the way,
Lieutenant Bloom informs me he could not find a record of your
billet assignment or even of your arrival itinerary."
    "Sir," Tarva said not wanting to appear defensive "part of
my job is to identify security lapses at Star Fleet
installations.  Though I'm not here on official business it's
become kind of standard for us to travel under low profile.
Since I'd just arrived, when I encountered Lieutenant Bloom, I
had not yet secured quarters.  Now Captain Malory has offered
the hospitality of the Delphi so I'll be billeting there."
    "And what of Lieutenant Whitecloud?" Malory asked.
    Hrgon looked at the two female security specialists flanking
the Captain then said "We were unable to get any new information
from her.  She has been extremely well trained, I wish my whole
security staff were trained as professionally."  The last remark
made Bloom shift uneasily.
    "Also, Captain" Hrgon continued "I'm going to want to
discuss this matter with you more in depth some time soon, as
well as your new orders, now that Albrit is dead.  Perhaps you
should accompany the rest of Whitecloud's crew when
you transport them over."
    "Yes, perhaps that would be the best time." Malory agreed,
somewhat surprised by Hrgon's callousness.
    "Very good." Hrgon was about to walk away when he turned to
Shelby.  "Commander, are you available in about half an hour?
I've got some problems related to Captain Malory's guests I'd
like your opinion on."
    "Yes, Sir." Shelby said instinctively.
    "That will be all, dismissed." Hrgon and Bloom continued
down the corridor.
    "Do you think he just happened to bump into us?" Tarva said
more insinuating than asking.
    Nobody bothered answering her, they were at the transporter
room.
-----------
    Tarva stood in her room on the Delphi looking out at Star
Base 89.  She had to take her room for appearances sake but they
had work to do.  She had her communicator in hand but she had
paused to look at the majesty of the station.
    Tarva flipped open the devise, held it up to the side of her
face and said one word "Energize".
    There was a slight pause waiting for an opening then the
wall and window in front of her shifted and became Transporter
Room II on the Vigilante.  Captain Anthony stood next to Chief
Swanson at the controls, with him were Commanders Assali and
Norton.  "Report" he said simply.
    "Sir, as Commander Assali has probably reported we have a
plan to return all crew to their proper assignments.  There will
be a slight delay retrieving Lieutenant Whitecloud, she has
already been transferred to Star Base 89."  Tarva remained
standing on the transporter.  "The only other problem will be
telling exactly when our team is being transported."
    "Does the Delphi have any Klingon or Kalonian crew?"
Anthony asked.  He had approached her and stood a step below her
so he could talk to her more face to face.
    Tarva knew where he was leading "No sir, the Klingon and the
Kalonian our scans show are both survivors of the drop ship."
    "And there are five of our people still on the Delphi?"
    "No Sir, one of the original crew died after arriving on the
Delphi.  He was the Vulcan S'Turlek."  Tarva had not moved from
her spot.
    "So as long as they transport all of our crew at the same
time, by themselves, we should be able to get them back."
Anthony headed back to his place by the control panel.
    "Sir, Captain Malory has assured us he would arrange to make
it so." Assali said.
    "Very good," Anthony turned back to Tarva "Commander, you'd
better get back to the Delphi."
    "Aye, Sir."
    The wall and window shifted back.
-----------
    "Sir, Holding Area R-8 reports they are prepared to receive
our guests."  reported the Yeoman standing at the control panel.
    "Very well, have them brought in."  Malory and Tarva stood
to one side of the operator.  They would beam over after
transporting the four.
    The door to the transporter room opened to allow in the new
arrivals.  First in was the Klingon female flanked by two
security guards.  The rest followed, each accompanied by two
security guards with drawn weapons.  One of the guards carried a
metal satchel that contained all of the equipment and clothing
the survivors had with them when they came aboard.  The last in
was the Chief of security, her and the guard carrying the bag
were the only ones without drawn phasers.
    The four walked straight to the transporter and took their
positions.  None of them said a word or acknowledged Tarva's
presence, but they did notice her.  The bag was placed on its
own pad then the security stood back from the pad, as was
custom.  They, however, did keep their weapons drawn.
    Malory turned to the operator "Raise force field".
    "Force field activated." he said after pushing a few
buttons.
    The security immediately holstered their weapons.
"Dismissed." Lieutenant Zalvasta said.  The eight immediately
filed out of the room.
    Malory, Tarva, Zalvosta and the operator were the only ones
to remain.
    "Where is Smith," The Klingon demanded.
    "What have you done with her?" said one of the humans.
    Malory smiled, they were good, defiant to the end.  "Don't
worry, you should be seeing her very soon."  he then turned to
the operator "Energize."
    A few buttons were pushed, then he slid his fingers up the
control panels applying power.  The four started the normal
sparkling then the operator said "Sir, I'm reading some sort of
power surge.  Delphi to R-8, do you have a lock?"
    They had started fading in and out "Delphi, this is R-8 we
can't get a secure lock, increasing power."
    The operator responded "Try to reverse, we don't want to
lose them."
    "Acknowledged." the four continued to sparkle and fade.
    "What's going on?" Malory demanded.
    "Sir, something's wrong, we've lost the fix, trying to
regain now."  The operator was desperately pushing buttons.  A
red light on the console began to blink accompanied by a beeping
sound.
    "Delphi, do you have them?" came a worried voice over the
speaker.
    "I think I've got the lock..." the whole transporter flashed
from an explosion.  The force field absorbed most of the
explosion but failed from loss of energy.  The control panel
mostly protected the operator but Zalvosta, Malory and Tarva
were fully exposed.  All three were thrown back against the bulk
head.
    Red emergency lights came on to a loud fire claxon.  The
operator stood up from his instinctive ducking position and
started calling for medical and emergency teams.  He then turned
to attend his Captain.
    "Delphi, what happened over there, we've totally lost them.
Do you have them?  Delphi, please come in...."
-----------
    Tarva limped into Malory's quarters after signaling.  A
fresh scar ran down the far right of her face from just below
her ear wrapping around toward front of her neck and
disappearing under her collar near the rank pips.  Her left arm
hung in a low sling.
    Malory sat at a work station table in the middle section of
his suite.  A large regeneration patch was affixed to the right
side of his face.
    As she approached, he looked up at her.  She could see the
fury in his eyes.  "Computer!"
    "WORKING"
    "Initiate Alpha Security."  he said loudly.
    "ALPHA SECURITY INITIATED."
    Malory stood up to face Tarva she could see his upper torso
was held stiff by a temporary brace.
    "What the HELL did you people do to My transporter?!" He was
losing his attempts to control the anger.  "We could've all been
killed!"
    "Sir," Tarva said trying not to react to his emotions "the
transporters on the Vigilante are a radical new design.  It was
impossible to predict how the Delphi's transporters would
respond to the forced signal."
    "Nothing's impossible to predict when it comes to this kind
of technology.  If your people didn't know or suspect then they
are extremely incompetent."
    "Percival," Tarva said softly trying to calm him "if they
did know, I was not informed.  You must remember though, we are
still in training, that includes learning all of the
idiosyncrasies of the technology.  Nobody on board was involved
in any of the development, they just handed it over to us and
said 'good bye'."
    "My transporter room was destroyed and four people were
almost killed, I hope it's worth it."  He had softened some.
    "I hope so too."
    "Did they get a hold of your people okay?"
    Tarva smiled slightly "Yes, Sir, they arrived with no
adverse effects."
    "Very good, at least some thing went right."  Malory had sat
back down.  "Now Admiral Hrgon is screaming for me.  I've been
able to put off going to see him because of the injuries but
that's already wearing thin."
    "This could be my chance to go, he did want to talk to me
too." Tarva suggested  "We have to start enacting the plans to
get Lieutenant Whitecloud back to the Vigilante."
    Malory cringed at the reminder that he was still going to be
involved in these covert operations.  If Hrgon pieced it all
together, it could ruin his career.  "Very well, I'll make
arrangements.  Dismissed."
    As Tarva headed back to the door Malory was saying
"Computer, cancel Alpha Security."
    "ALPHA SECURITY CANCELED"
    The little green light on the panel came on just as Tarva
reached the door.
-----------
    Lieutenant Bloom met Malory and Tarva in the transporter
room.  "Sir, I'm surprised your willing to use the transporter
so soon after the accident."  He said to them as they started
down the hall.
    "The transporter that exploded, is no longer functioning."
Malory said as if talking to a child.
    "Has there been any progress in determining the reason for
the accident?" Bloom persisted.
    "No, the explosion left very few clues." Tarva replied.
    As they progressed through the corridors they could see an
increase in security, including check stations and ID checks.
Finally, they reached an interrogation area and met Admiral
Hrgon.
    "Ahh, Captain Malory and Commander Tarva I'm glad your back
on your feet after the accident."  Though he was trying to sound
pleasant, his irritation was quite evident.  He then headed into
one of the rooms saying "Come with me."
    A window on the far walled looked into one of the rooms.
Sitting casually at a table was Lieutenant Whitecloud.  "This is
Lieutenant Anndrea Whitecloud." Hrgon said to Tarva.
    "Sir," Tarva interrupted "is that a one way window or a view
screen?"
    "It's just a standard observation window." Lieutenant Bloom
said trying to get in on the conversation.
    "I'm sorry, Sir." Tarva said "You were saying her name is
Whitecloud."
    Hrgon looked slightly irritated but continued "At least
that's what our records tell us.  They also tell us, however,
that Lieutenant Whitecloud was killed in a transporter accident
almost a year ago.  In fact, Commander, all four of the victims
of your transporter accident are all listed as having died
around a year ago."
    Hrgon turned back to Malory and Tarva "Don't you think it
quite odd that all of her living but dead comrades were killed a
second time in a transporter accident?  As a security
specialist, Commander, how do you interpret this situation?"
    "Sir," Malory interjected "Whitecloud claims to be part of a
top secrete Star Fleet mission.  If this is true, the
inconsistencies with her story tend to add up."
    "All except two," Hrgon said "Have you read her file?  She
has been rec-og-nized for bravery, and was top of her class"
Hrgon sniffed.
    "She also has a record like your Lt. Qhasmon.  She has been
busted two times for insubordination.  She was put on hold for
fighting with shipmates, and her last Captain had to get her out
of jail for destroying a bar in a fist fight on Intalla 4.  All
her comrades had similar records.  This isn't the type of person
