Anthony did.
    "I leave you in the very capable hands of Commander Tarva, I
know she will be able to help you find a proper place among us."
With that Captain Anthony turned and exited.  At the same time
Commander Norton excused himself and took the guards with him.
    Sir Utlin soon found himself alone with the creature who was
second in command of this ship.  He was very uneasy with the
thought of a Female on a war ship but a female alien in charge
of one would take some real getting used to.  He looked at her
as she took her seat across from him.  She seemed short even
compared to her comrades, but very confident.  There had to be a
reason she was second in command.
    After he took his seat she spoke again "As I said, we have
some decisions to make.  First we'd like to have permission to
examine and repair your fighter.  When we finally reach our
destination, you may wish to have use of it."
    "You mean you haven't examined it yet?" Sir Utlin sounded
slightly surprised.
    Tarva smiled "We've done all we can without touching it,
they have strict instructions to respect your property."
    "I have some personal property I'd like to retrieve before
your technicians start working on it." Utlin decided to see how
far he could push it.
    "Very good.  Now about what we're going to do with you.  I
figure there are several options you could chose from if you
wish."  Tarva said remaining very business like.
    "I get to chose my fate?" Sir Utlin asked surprised.
    "Of course, we do not want you among us if it is not where
you want to be.  That brings us to your first option, we could
repair your craft and send you on your way."
    Sir Utlin frowned at this thought.  There was literally no
place for him to go.
    "Now if you wish we could take you to the Borg and let you
fight your own battle, this is I guess very similar to the first
option."  Tarva was mentioning these options knowing full well
Sir Utlin probably wouldn't seriously consider them.
    "Do you have any less drastic options for me." he asked
giving her lead to continue.
    "We do not take observers on the Vigilante." Tarva said
"Therefore, if you chose to remain, you will have to join the
crew.  Our crew is made of a diverse number of different peoples
from different cultures, if you chose to join us, you will have
to accept that.  You will have to accept our mission and our
goals.  We will, however, try to work with you to find for you a
position worthy of your skills and experience.  Does this sound
acceptable?"
    "Just like that?" he asked "How do you know you can trust
me, that I won't work for my own agenda?"
    Tarva leaned forward, Sir Utlin could see a fire in the
creatures eyes that sent a chill down his spine.  "We will not
stand for any part of this crew not being part of the team.
There is no room out here to deal with infractions in any but
the harshest of manners."
    Sir Utlin had to keep himself from swallowing hard, perhaps
he would be better on his own.  "What if, in the future, I wish
to leave the Vigilante?"
    "As long as your departure would not adversely effect our
mission, we could not prevent you from tendering your
resignation."  Tarva said simply.
    "Can I have some time to think about it?" Sir Utlin asked.
Perhaps if he had sometime to get a better feel for what these
people were all about.
    "Of course, but we don't know when the Borg will get to
where their going.  So you may not have time to become a proper
member of the crew by the next emergency."
    "I'll just have to risk it."
    "Until then," Tarva said "Lets get you set up in your
quarters.
    "Very good." Sir Utlin said and stood with Commander Tarva.
    When they walked out of the room, the two guards that had
been in the room with them were waiting just out side the door.
The first place they went was to the shuttle bay.  Sir Utlin's
fighter was flanked by several guards who came to attention as
they approached.  Several techs continued to walk around the
craft with hand scanners.
    Sir Utlin climbed up to the cockpit and removed a few
things; first was a long straight sword from behind the seat,
the other was a pack of apparently personal gear.  He then
approached Commander Tarva who was talking with a large bearded
man.  Sir Utlin wore the sword in the seldom used loop on his
belt and carried the bag as he approached.
    "Sir Utlin," Commander Tarva said "this is Commander
Dolittel, he is our Chief Engineer and will in charge of the
repairs of your craft."
    Before Sir Utlin could properly salute Commander Dolittel
held out his hand and said "Welcome aboard."
    Not knowing the proper response, Sir Utlin held his hand in
reply.  Commander Dolittel took hold of his hand with a firm
grip and shook it saying "I can't wait to take a look at that
fighter of yours, don't worry, we can get it flying better than
new."
    "I hope you can." Sir Utlin said not knowing how to respond
to this man.
    "Now if you'll excuse me, with your permission, we'd like to
get to work."  Dolittel said after letting go of Utlin's hand.
    "Thank you." was all Sir Utlin could think to say.
    As Dolittel walked away, Utlin could see him motioning to
technicians and heading toward the fighter.  He then looked at
Tarva questioningly.
    "I must apologize for the informality of our Chief Engineer,
he is not a great military man, but he is a gifted engineer."
Tarva said, then headed toward a door.  "Now, lets see if we can
find proper quarters for you."
   Sir Utlin was assigned what was called junior officer's
quarters.  It had two rooms with two bunks in one of them.
Tarva explained that there were no singles available, but this
was the next best thing, since he would not have a room mate.
    Commander Tarva then took the time to show him the different
features of the room, including the 'replicator' and 'head'.
She showed him how to access the computer verbally to get a list
of foods and other things available through the replicator.  He
wasn't sure how it worked but was intrigued with the technology.
    Commander Tarva then took him on a tour of the ship,
including the very small bridge.  It would have been difficult
for him to believe a ship of this size could be run effectively
from such a small place, but it seemed to be working just fine.
He was also shown a shuttle bay they called the 'cavern'.  She
seemed quite proud of its size, but it paled in comparison with
the Star Controller.
    She also showed him several rooms she called transporters.
He wasn't quite clear about their function, but was sure he
would find out.
    He finally decided that of the functions shown him, he was
best suited for security or something they called the drop
ships.  He would have to look into them more closely.  They did
make it clear, however, that within their normal mission
parameters their was no place for his fighter.  Though it had
powerful weapons, it lacked other technology vital to
maintaining mission integrity.
    Tarva had assured him that unless somebody specifically
challenged him, he had access to the ship, within reason of
course.  He decided to visit a place of gathering Commander
Tarva had pointed out, some sort of cafeteria.  Tarva had even
suggested visiting the place on his own, to get a 'feel for the
crew'.
    He had sat in the place a short time when two non-alien
looking females approached him.  One he recognized from the
bridge, she had been introduced as a navigator the other was
unfamiliar.
    He stood as they approached "May we join you?" asked the one
with darker skin and straight black hair.  He found both
extremely attractive.
    "Of course," he looked at the red headed female "Ensign
O'Malley wasn't it?  But I don't believe we've been introduced."
he said to the other.
    She smiled "I'm Lieutenant Whitecloud, but you can call me
Anndrea." she held out her hand in the same way the engineer
had.
    This time he knew the gesture and gripped her hand and
shook.  The woman had an amazingly strong grip.
    Ensign O'Malley offered her hand and said "And please, off
duty, I'm Janice."
    As they sat down with him he decided that since they had
offered their personal names, it would be proper to offer his
too. "You may call me Ra'than" he said.
    He chatted with the two women quite a while and soon
discovered that they were roommates.  He was able to get a lot
of social information from them.  They told him about the
different species on the Vigilante.  They warned him about the
tension between the Klingons and the Kalonians, he promised he'd
watch what he said around them.  It didn't take long to realize
just what a diverse group this was and that he might actually
fit in.
    Soon they both had to excuse themselves, Ensign O'Malley had
to report for duty and Lieutenant Whitecloud had an appointment
in the Drop Team Training Room.
    "Would you like to join me?" Whitecloud asked as she stood
    "What sort of training is being conducted at this time?" he
asked as they walked away from the table.
    "It's practice in hand to hand combat.  It may not be very
useful against the Borg, but it is still good for the mind and
body."  Whitecloud said.
    "And what are your duties, medical?"  They had discussed
many things but Lieutenant Whitecloud's position had never come
    Whitecloud laughed, "Not exactly, I'll be leading the
exercises."
    They stopped in front of some crew quarters and Whitecloud
walked in.  Sir Utlin stayed outside.
    "Won't you come in," Whitecloud said "I've got to change
into my work-out clothes."
    Utlin hesitated for a second then stepped in.  He was just
in time to see Whitecloud disappear into the head with a bundle
of clothes.  The room had the first decorations he'd seen on the
ship.  Several paintings hung on one wall; one was of some
primitive people who looked vaguely like Whitecloud, the other
was of some kind of bird but it didn't look finished.
    "Do you like them?" Whitecloud said from right behind him.
    It surprised him because, as a bloodied warrior, he always
prided himself on being aware of what was going on around him.
"They are very intriguing." he finally said.
    "I apologize for the Eagle, I haven't had time to work on it
lately."  Whitecloud said.  She had changed into loose white
clothes that appeared to be made of the same material as the
uniforms.  "Shall we go?"
    "Yes, of course."
    As they walked down the hall Sir Utlin said still sounding
confused  "So your job is training the warriors?"
    "That's one of the duties I've taken on, but my official
designation is second in Command of the Drop Forces."
Whitecloud said trying not to brag.
    "I thought these Drop Forces were suppose to be elite
warriors, and a Female is second in command?" Sir Utlin said
finally unable to contain his shock.
    Whitecloud stopped and looked at Sir Utlin curiously "Is
there something about females in your culture you have failed to
mentioned?"
    Sir Utlin stiffened a bit "In my 'culture', we recognized
that there are certain roles for the males and females.  War was
not a role for females, neither was commanding warriors."
    Whitecloud looked at him and said "That's to bad, you
probably missed out on a lot of great talent by pre-defining the
roles of your society."  She then continued down the hall.  Sir
Utlin followed, his red cape flowing out behind him.
    When they approached the training room Whitecloud turned to
Sir Utlin.  "Would you like to join us for the workout?"
    "I don't think I am dressed properly." he said hoping to get
out of it.
    "Don't worry, we have changing facilities here."
    "ah....Great."
    The room was filled with an assortment creatures from the
Vigilante.  All were dressed in the similar white robes and were
extremely respectful of Sir Utlin and Lieutenant Whitecloud.  He
joined them for a grueling work out and then stood in for a
punching bag during the combat training.
    After an hour of humiliation at the hands these creatures he
finally admitted to himself that they were all skilled warriors
but protested "But this is a style of combat I have not been
trained in."
    Whitecloud looked at the him while the team fell silent, she
had barely broken a sweat.  "I heard that you carried a sword
with you." she said "Perhaps you have some proficiency with it?"
    "I've at least used one before." now he had her, though he
never had use for one in battle, he was recognized as one of the
best duelers in the fleet.
    Whitecloud turned and spoke to one of the Klingon creatures
who went to retrieve something from the supply room.  He
returned with two black poles with white handles, just longer
than an arm.  Whitecloud handed one to Sir Utlin, thick end
first.
    "These are a little contribution from the Klingon training
techniques.  The Federation doesn't have a tradition of using
'blades', however, the Klingon's do.  I felt that the
coordination developed through training with swords would help
in other areas of combat.  These devises are modified to be
harmless but deliver a slight electric shock on contact.  The
shock, however, does increase slightly with the force of impact.
Sir Utlin, are you game?"
    "Who shall be my opponent?"  Sir Utlin asked curiously.
    "Why me, of course."  Whitecloud returned.
    Sir Utlin almost declined he had never fought a woman before
and it didn't matter that she was second in command of such fine
warriors.  Finally, he decided that this was his new peer group
and it was time to become one of them.  "How do you turn it on?"
    Whitecloud turned hers on and took a casual on-guard stance.
The rest of the room gathered around and started cheering for
both.
    Sir Utlin took his standard stance which differed
considerably from hers.  He didn't know who should move first
but was answered by a sharp pain in his arm.  While he was
debating with himself, Whitecloud stepped forward, tapped his
arm and returned to her position.
    "Come on, wake up." she chided.
    The ensuing duel pitted the battle scarred veteran of
countless wars, Sir Utlin, against the merciless, Special Forces
warrior, Lieutenant Whitecloud.  When Whitecloud closed her
attacks Utlin could see the coldness in her eyes.  When he
gained the advantage, she never faltered she pushed a new
strategy.  He found that she could take and receive pain without
hesitation.
    At one point, they stood exchanging blows to the side, one
would take a full hit to the side then deliver one.  Pain surged
through him from the electric shock and the weight of the
weapon.  It was a test of endurance neither one would back down
from.  Sir Utlin didn't remember who broke the routine, but was
glad when it ended.
    Over an hour after they began, they knelt facing each other,
totally out of breath.  Sir Utlin could taste the blood drip
from his broken nose and pain surged from his throbbing side.
Whitecloud looked back at him with a wide smile, two different
shades of blood stained her workout clothes and a large welt had
started to rise on her cheek.  The room had filled with
spectators who watched in total silence.
    Sir Utlin surveyed the crowd, in the front of one group was
Commander Tarva standing in her formal at-ease position.  Seeing
the Commander, Sir Utlin struggled to his feet and faced her.
    "Have you made your decision yet?" Tarva asked.
    "Yes, Commander," Sir Utlin looked around "If they'll have
me."
    Tarva looked to Whitecloud who said "Welcome aboard." and
offered her hand.
    Sir Utlin grasped and shook it, then stepped back and gave
his own traditional salute.
    "Very good." Tarva said "Now we'll have to confer with
Lieutenant Golta and the Captain to assign a field commission
and position in the team.  Until then, Lieutenant Whitecloud
will issue, and train you on the equipment you'll be using."
    "Thank you Commander." Sir Utlin said.
    Tarva nodded then walked across the mat toward the door.
The crowd parted more then sufficiently to let her through
without slowing down.
    Sir Utlin sat stripped to the waist in an examination room
in the medical section.  Lieutenant Whitecloud was in an
adjoining room, probably getting the same treatment.  A large
bruise had formed on his right side from just under his arm to
just above his thighs.  There were a number of other bruises and
cuts over his body.
    "What the hell were you doing sparring with Lieutenant
Whitecloud?" The medic asked as he started to work.
    Sir Utlin looked at the man, he looked like a seasoned
warrior, what was he doing working as a medic.  "Is there a
problem?"
    The man ran a scanner done the bruised side "It's just that
most people know better than to fight with the Lieutenant."
    "Why is that?"
    The man quieted down a bit and said "I worked on the ship
that she was first assigned to, after she left Special Forces.
She kept us very busy, most incidents, however, were never
reported.  The guys she fought with were mostly too embarrassed
that such an attractive woman had bettered them in a fight.  It
was lucky for her, she would have been thrown out a lot sooner
than she was."
    "What kind of incidents?" Sir Utlin normally didn't care for
any kind gossip but he found Lieutenant Whitecloud extremely
intriguing.
    The man ran some kind of bone knitter over the broken ribs.
"It's just that she likes to hurt people.  Well I guess it's
better than killing them like she used to."
    Sir Utlin looked at the man unbelieving.
    "Its true, one of the reasons she had to leave Special
Forces was that the underworld had a price on her head.  She
couldn't be effective as an undercover agent with her face
plastered all over the place."  The medic then turned to mending
the broken nose.
    "She had a price on her head? How did that happen?"
    "It's rumored that when she was undercover, she would sooner
kill someone than fight with 'em.  You kill enough of a crime
lords best people, he gets annoyed."
    "The more I hear about the Lieutenant the more I like her."
Utlin said with a smile.
    "Well I'm glad to hear that, but if your going to keep
training with her, we'll be seeing you again."  The medic said
as he started working on the large bruise.
-----------
    Lieutenant Utlin stood in the back of the drop ship, his
back against the stern bulk head.  The troop door lay open next
to him.  He held the phaser pointed to the roof and waited.  He
listened for the  go signal from the receiver in his ear.  The
darkness around him was complete but the goggles he wore gave
everything an eerie off color glow.  The sound of phaser blasts
told him the action was approaching his position.
    Utlin thought back on the past weeks; the Vigilante kept up
its relentless warp nine pursuit of the Borg; and he learned.
He learned to speak Federation 'Standard', he learned to work
with all of the creatures on this ship, and he learned his new
job.
    They were troubled by where to place him in the Drop Team
structure.  At first they thought he would actually be best
suited for Drop Ship pilot, but he was a fighter, not just a
pilot.  He best fit in with the ground troops, the real front
line warriors.
    His field commission was a tricky thing, he was obviously an
experienced warrior and leader.  They felt like he deserved to
be highly placed.  There were, however, many on the teams who
had worked hard for their positions.  It would be difficult to
suddenly have them answering to someone who, until just weeks
ago, hadn't ever heard of Star Fleet or The United Federation of
Planets.
    They gave him the rank of lieutenant(junior grade).  At
first he thought it was much below his naturally born position,
but birth-right seemed to hold little importance to these
creatures.  He would have to earn further promotions and
importance.  This couldn't be too difficult in an organization
that allowed so many females to rise to such importance.
    He heard the signal as the team approached the ship, it was
time to give cover so they could get to safety.  He leaned out
low, looking for his comrades. They were coming in from the
right, phaser blasts following them.  He stepped out and fired
at the sources of the blasts.  When the last of the team was
aboard, he turned and followed him them in.  A sharp pain
exploded in his left arm and side causing him to drop the phaser
and throwing him across the ship.
    When he came to, one of the Klingon creatures was looking
down at him.  "You'll do better next time,..Sir." it said
gruffly.
    These live fire exercises must have been Whitecloud's idea.
-----------
    Four weeks after beginning their pursuit, Tarva was awakened
by the yellow alert.  She heard Lieutenant S'Erlet saying
"Command to the Bridge."
    When Tarva got to the bridge Captain Anthony was just
arriving on the other lift.  Commander Norton was already in his
chair and S'Erlet was busy at his station.  Ensign O'Malley sat
staring at the image on the screen.
    It was a single Borg cube, obviously at an extreme distance,
but it was just one cube.  It was also obvious that they had
dropped out of warp.
    Tarva looked at the cube "What happened to the other five?"
    Ensign O'Malley turned and looked back at Commander Norton.
O'Malley had gone ghost white.
    The Captain looked at Norton, "Well, what happened to the
other five?"
    Norton looked up at Captain Anthony "Sir, all six Borg ships
entered this one."
              **********
              I saw the spears that seemed a-leap to slay,
              All quiver earthward at the headman's nod;
              And in a daze of dream I heard him say:
              "Go, set him free who serves so well his God!"
                        "The Soldier of Fortune"
                            Robert W. Service
              **********
                                  to be continued............
-------
                   T H E   V I G I L A N T E
                               VA
                           "Outpost"
Since all that is was ever bound to be;
Since grim eternal laws our Being bind;
And both the riddle and the answer find,
And both the carnage and the calm decree;
Since plain within the Book of Destiny
Is written all the journey of mankind
Inexorably to the end; since blind
And Mortal puppets playing parts are we:
......
              "Faith"
         Robert W. Service
    Captain Anthony looked at the Borg Cube on the screen, it
looked like all the others.  Scanners, however, indicated that
this one was bigger, much bigger.
    "What do we have?" Tarva asked.
    "It appears to be a Borg space station." S'Erlet
volunteered.
    "Perhaps, it's their home." O'Malley suggested
optimistically.
    "What's your Analysis." Captain Anthony said to the bridge
crew.
    "Sir, I estimate that this cube is 2 million times the
volume of a standard Borg ship." S'Erlet reported.
    Captain Anthony whistled in appreciation of the size.  "What
kind of scans are they emitting, is there any sign they may be
able to see us?"
    "Negative, Sir." Commander Norton said "They are emitting
standard Borg signals."
    "Okay, keep a close watch on all activity, I don't want one
of those cubes running into us."
    "Aye, Sir." O'Malley and S'Erlet said in unison.
    Anthony then turned back to Commander Norton "Let's go to
complete battle stations, repost all guards, and have away teams
ready to scramble from transporters and drop ships.  I want
primary teams, again, to be prepared with out the armor, lets
keep our technology a secret as long as possible."
    Norton stood saying "Aye, Sir." then exited the bridge.
    Anthony looked at Tarva "What do you think?" then back at
the cube on the screen.
    "We're going in, aren't we?" Tarva said with a half smile.
    "That's what we've been training to do." Anthony responded
then sat down in his chair.  He leaned back and clasped his
hands across his chest.
    Tarva sat on the edge of her chair, turned to look at the
Captain.  "When?"
    The Captain looked at his First Officer "I know, we have to
study it, get an idea what it really is and so on, but we'll go
in, ......we will go in."
    "Just try not rushing it, sir." Tarva said quietly "We've
got time."
    Anthony looked up at his navigator "Ensign O'Malley, set a
course to take a closer look, standard orbit."
    "Aye, sir" O'Malley responded "Plotted and laid in."
    "Engage." Anthony said.
    "Aye, Sir." the Helmsman returned.
    The Vigilante headed toward the Borg cube.  They quickly
started backing off the magnification to keep it on the screen.
Once they were close enough to get a good look without
magnification, they cut the impulse engines and went solely with
maneuvering thrusters.  It was the same kind of technique they
used for orbiting a star base.
    "Sir," S'Erlet said "Every indication from the object is
that it is not a ship.  It appears to have stabilizers only,
there is no means of propulsion evident."
    "What about the sub-space 'Borg Link' that the Enterprise
logged, what kind of patterns are there?" Anthony asked.
    "I've started the analysis but it will take some time before
any conclusions can be made." S'Erlet said.
    "Very good, but I want you to take any technicians you need
to complete the analysis quickly." Anthony said.
    "Sir," S'Erlet looked up from his console "I may be able to
do a more complete analysis with facilities in engineering."
    "Dismissed." Anthony then turned to Tarva "Commander I'd
like you to be in charge of mapping the cube.  We need to know
where the entrances are and other vital areas.
    "Aye, Sir" Tarva said "I'll get right on it."  She then
started contacting the survey specialists from the Drop Teams.
-----------
    Lieutenant Utlin stood in his armor looking out over the
'Cavern' below him.  It didn't come near the majesty of The Star
Controller but from this distance it did seem quite far down.
    "When ever your ready, Lieutenant." came Whitecloud's voice
over the intercom.
    He only had to do one thing, and that was step off the
platform.  If the suit worked, it would automatically fire its
rockets and lower him safely to the ground.  If it didn't work,
and he was lucky, he wouldn't spend too much time with the
medics this afternoon.  He was used to being in control, if the
rockets were suppose to fire, he wanted to fire them.  A
computer deciding to turn something on didn't sit well with him,
he wanted the control.
    "Trust the technology." he whispered to himself and stepped
of the ledge.
    He could immediately feel the suit vibrate slightly and stop
his decent.  He soon landed gently on the deck.  The suits
weren't made for flying about in a gravity situation but would
safely lower the occupant.  In zero gravity, however, they told
him, that they did have maneuverability.
    Utlin looked about, the team he was training with waited for
him.  Since Commander Dolittel retrieved the flight recorders
and cameras from the fighter they held him in much higher esteem
as a warrior.  They did, however, find it amusing that he seemed
scared of heights.  It wasn't that he was afraid of heights, he
just didn't trust alien technology.  Put him in his fighter, and
they'd see fearlessness.
    Lieutenant Whitecloud met Utlin in the suit room.  "We've
found a Borg outpost."
    "What?" Lieutenant Utlin had just gotten into his uniform.
He had switched to ship's standard, it was only proper.  They
did tell him that for formal occasions Star Fleet allowed
traditional, cultural dress.  There, however, would be very few
formal gatherings on the Vigilante in the near future.
    "The Borg ships all entered a much larger Borg Cube which
appears to be stationary."  Whitecloud said in obvious
excitement.
    "Is there some way we can get a look at it?" Utlin said in
total fascination.
    "Of course." Whitecloud said "It's on the view screen in the
meeting room right now."
    The meeting room was crowed with drop team personnel.  The
Borg cube was prominently on the screen.  When they walked in
Whitecloud spoke up.  "Okay, the Captain has ordered us to
prepare for deployment."
    There was a resounding cheer from the gathering.
"Lieutenant Golta has ordered that teams five and six remain on
call and suited.  Teams one and two are to be prepared in class
1 mission uniforms.  That's why you are here, five and six are
already on station in Shuttle bay three waiting for orders to
board and deploy.  We are to suit for deployment and await here
for orders."
    As second in command of drop teams, it was Whitecloud's
honor to lead the most likely team for deployment.  Lieutenant
Utlin had been assigned to Whitecloud's team until his training
was complete.
    Class one mission uniforms were the standard ship uniform
with gear added.  The teams sat in the rough duty chairs in the
meeting room.  There were 32 in all, two teams of 16.
    Each wore their standard uniform with a black 'mission'
helmet added.  The helmets included face shields with tactical
'heads up' displays and built-in communicators.  The extra
equipment included, technical gear for mapping and surveying.
Half carried analytical tricorders, the others carried 'extra'
fire power.  All carried their new larger phasers.  These
phasers reminded Lieutenant Utlin of his own battle blaster,
which now hung like a trophy in his quarters.
    As soon as the Captain wanted to see if the Borg reacted to
them, he'd send this group in.  He wouldn't use the suited
warriors unless he had to, he wanted to guard the technology of
the suits as long as possible.
    After five hours the Captain ordered a stand-down and the
drop teams off full readiness.
-----------
    After stand down, Lieutenant Utlin went down to the shuttle
bay to inspect his fighter.  A week after he had arrived, he was
summoned to a meeting with Commander Dolittel and the Captain.
    They met in the shuttle bay to discuss the future of the
fighter.  At the time, it lay in pieces around the bay.  Its
stripped frame was barely recognizable.  Commander Dolittel
stood over one of the star drives conducting some form of tests.
    Dolittel looked up as Utlin approached "Hello, Lieutenant."
he said pleasantly "How are you to day."
    "Commander, what have you done to my fighter?" Utlin said in
shock.
    "The technology used in your fighter is unfamiliar."
Dolittel said "My technicians were unable to make sufficient
progress on the repairs, so I've been forced to do the job
personally."
    Utlin couldn't say a word, he did not believe that the
damage to the ship had been this severe.
    Dolittel continued to talk as he worked "I've spent every
spare minute I've had since your arrival to learn your systems."
He looked at the mess around him "To do that, I've had to do a
little dissecting, but don't worry, everything I've taken apart
has been meticulously documented."
    Dolittel looked over Utlin's shoulders "Ah, here's the
Captain now."
    Utlin instinctively came to stiff attention and had to force
himself not to give his traditional salute, those days were
over. "Captain, Sir" he said in greeting.
    Anthony looked at the debris scattered through out the bay
"I hope you'll have this cleaned up before we need this bay
again."  he said with a smile.
    "Yes, Sir." Dolittel answered.
    "What's the status with the fighter?" Anthony said as he
started a walk around.
    "Sir, I've just finished repairs on the warp drives, and am
currently running systems checks.  By combining our two
technologies, this ship should be able to maintain warp 9 for an
extended period of time.  The ship seems to have been
retro-fitted with some extremely powerful blasters that
integrate warp technology."
    Anthony looked at Utlin, apparently for an explanation.
    Utlin smiled proudly "A friend of mine designed them based
on the technology used by Lord Dowe's cannons."
    "They will make an excellent thesis for my next submission
to Star Fleet Research and Development." Dolittel said with a
smile then said  "This ship, however, must have bucked like a
son of bee every time you fired the things."
    Utlin wasn't sure of the exact reference but understood the
meaning "That is why they weren't considered for standard
equipment.  If I wasn't securely strapped in, I'd be thrown
against the canopy every time I used them.  They also tended to
knock the ship off course."
    Dolittel smiled "With your's and the Captain's permission I
can fix that.  A simple inertial dampening field should do the
trick.  I can tie it directly to the firing mechanism so there
won't be any lag.  You'll only feel a slight vibration when you
fire. "
    Utlin looked at the Captain for his reaction "Do what ever
you wish, as long as your other duties are not neglected.  Just
remember, that unless Lieutenant Utlin relinquishes owner ship
claims to the ship, only use standard Star Fleet technology."
The Captain then dismissed himself.
    "What does that mean?" Utlin asked.
    Dolittel looked at the debris around them "That means that I
can upgrade your phaser, your shields and other systems using
commonly available technology.  If you want me to cover the ship
with the same composite material used for the Vigilante's hull
and include cloaking, you'd have to agree to the fighter
becoming a permanent part of the Vigilante's resources."
    "And if I don't?"
    "Then I'll fix it up, close it up and pack it away until we
get back to the Federation."
    It had been a tough decision, if he had given it up, they
would have assigned it to him, but it wouldn't have been his.
If he kept it, he wouldn't be able to fly it again until they
finished their mission and returned to the Federation.
Everybody on board knew that they may never return.  Now as he
stood looking at the ship he was glad he made the decision he
had.
    The fighter stood in the middle of the bay looking better
than it had the day it was delivered.  The paint was bright
white, all of the old patches were gone, replaced by new metal.
The red stripe down the nose was bright and crisp like it was
when he had painted it after arrival on the Star Controller.  It
was a fighter to be proud of.
    Lieutenant Utlin watched as hoists were fitted to the ship
and it was hauled away to storage.  It seemed as though the
final page on that chapter in his life was finally being turned.
He knew though, that if they survived, he would once again have
the freedom it offered.
-----------
    The complete command team sat in the Command Room off the
bridge.  Golta and Kartang sat at opposite ends of the table
with  Captain Anthony, Commander Norton, Commander Dolittel and
Lieutenant S'Erlet between them.  Commander Tarva stood at the
head of the room to give her presentation.  On the screen was a
full picture of the Borg 'outpost'.
    Tarva looked at the gathering "We have finished the
preliminary survey of the structure.  There appears to be a
primary entrance to it here."  A large portion of the cube was
highlighted near the bottom of the top half of the cube.
    "This is the entrance the ships we were following entered.
There are other apparent entrances but the structure appears to
be built around this point."  She then pushed another button and
a rotating, graphic depiction of the cube appeared next to the
current picture.
    "We have logged fifty existing 'standard' Borg ships docked
to the outside of the station.  There are also apparent 'niches'
for two hundred more ships."  The displays had zeroed in on a
docked Borg cube.  "We can only deduce that this is a major Borg
center."
    Anthony looked up "Commander, is there any indication if
this is the Borg home?"
    "I'll let Lieutenant S'Erlet answer that." Tarva said then
nodded to S'Erlet.
    S'Erlet stood "Thank you Commander.  I have been studying
the patterns of the 'Borg Link' since we arrived here.  It is
apparent that there are three major sub-space carriers
emanating from this station.  We, however, are unable to
determine the purpose of these signals but are continuing
studies.  My best hypothesis is that these carriers connect
similar Borg stations."
    "Do you have any proof of this theory?" Anthony asked.
    "No, Sir." S'Erlet said "What we do have, is that this is
the first major Borg installation encountered.  It is emitting
unique signals to specific locations.  These signals are not
going to standard ships, therefore, they must be going to
similar installations.  I do not believe that this is the Borg
'home' because their home must be a planet.  There isn't even a
star system near by.  If this is the center of the Borg empire,
then they have abandoned their home planet."
    "I concur." the Captain said "We must, however, explore this
facility to determine its place in the hierarchy."
    Golta and Kartang grunted their approval of 'exploration'.
    Anthony turned to Commander Norton "Commander, I'd like you,
Golta and Kartang to work with Commander Tarva and Lieutenant
S'Erlet to develop a plan to systematically explore this
structure.  Find specific locations to target such as computer
centers.  I want a plan to explore the important areas
efficiently.
    "In order to do this, we're going need a much closer look,
so we're taking the Vigilante into the station.  Commander
Dolittel,  we'll need all systems in top order.  Commander
Norton, I'll want all guards reposted and all weapons systems
ready for battle.  Before we send in large parties, we'll send
in a couple teams just to get an idea of how they'll react to
us."
    Anthony looked around the room "Any questions."
    "How long before we go in?" Norton asked.
    "We'll begin the approach as soon as this meeting is over."
Anthony sat back in his chair, very relaxed "Anything else."
    The Vigilante was dwarfed by the Borg station.  They entered
the opening along a bottom corner, great pipes and conduits
stretched out beneath them.  Above them, more cubes were docked
along the walls.  Further into the station, the top half opened
up revealing that it was mostly hollow.
    The Vigilante was brought about and faced back toward the
opening.  Captain Anthony decided to survey the interior before
making another move.
    The six cubes they'd been following were soon spotted docked
together above them.
    "There are two areas we want to get a closer look at."
Anthony was saying to Commander Norton.  "We need to study what
they do with the remains of a civilization.  I'd also like to
find out what is in the bottom half of this thing.  There is no
exterior opening, it ought to be interesting."
    "So the first teams should be deployed in the area of the
docked cubes so we can trace what the do with the cargo."
Norton said.
    "Correct." Anthony stared at the display of the cubes
"Another team should be sent below to chart that area."
    "Very good, Captain."  Norton transferred his phaser from
its holder on his chair to his holster "We'll begin making
plans."
    The first step away from the Vigilante was a drop ship
flight to the upper reaches of the docking bay.  The drop ship
being used, was the same one originally retrofitted with extra
scanning gear.  Equipment had been added in the troop area to
extend its scanner capabilities.  Commander Dolittel had
designed six operator stations to be added to the ship to expand
its ability to run detailed passive and active scans.  They had
the ability to map every nut and bolt within their scan range if
they wanted to.
    Drop Ship Seven floated up through the expanses of the Borg
structure.  Around it the cavern was totally still, if they
hadn't seen the cubes enter, they would have thought the station
abandoned.  There were none of the support or repair craft so
common in any Federation space dock.
    Upon the return of Drop Ship Seven, plans for the first two
away missions were finalized.  Team one with Whitecloud and
Utlin, was chosen to explore the interior while team two would
examine the activity dealing with the returned Cubes.
Lieutenant Utlin had requested to be assigned to team two but it
was decided that his connection to the subject may jeopardize
his objectivity.
    The first incursions into the station would remain small.
Even though the Borg had ignored the Enterprise's away teams in
the past, they had been aware of the Enterprise.  It was not
known how they would react to intruders from an unknown source.
-----------
    Drop Team One appeared in what scanners had indicated as an
access area just below the surface the dock area.  The team had
their class one mission uniforms.  Each member had a locator
implant for quick retrieval.  The implants had originally been
designed for the teams during use of the mission armor.  After
the incident with the Delphi, all away team members had been
implanted.
    The sixteen appeared with drawn weapons in full cover
formation.  They faced in all directions with the ones in front
squatting low so those behind had clear fire over them.
    The tunnel was 200 meters wide, had rounded sides and was
ribbed from the joining of sections.  The top and bottom were
flat and smooth.  Many scratches and gouges led up and down the
faded green passage.  The tunnel reached into the distance in
one direction but obviously opened on to an area several hundred
meters away.
    Lieutenant Whitecloud flipped open her visor and looked
around as several scientific members began taking scanner
readings. "They put us down in an obscure location so we would
have some time to get our bearings."  She looked at the
tricorder users.  "Is there any reaction to us yet?"
    "Nothing obvious, Sir." said a medium built dark skinned
human.
    "Team One leader to home." Whitecloud said to her mike.
    "Team One, this is home, go ahead." Came Golta's rough
voice.
    "Beginning mission status check." Whitecloud said.
    There was a slight pause as each team member coordinated
with control on the Vigilante.  They each made voice and visual
tests then confirmed transponder coordinates.  Each member had a
camera built into their mission helmets and transmitted
continual visual and related audio.  The audio was not team
member chatter but from a mike built into the helmets like the
camera.
    "Okay" Whitecloud said after the tests were completed
"Spread out and lets head to the opening."
    The team separated into pairs and started down the tunnel,
leaving foot prints in the thin layer of dust that covered the
deck.  One member of each pair proceeded with drawn weapon only,
the other also took readings with their tricorder.  They allowed
several meters between each pair for safety of the group.  They
would all randomly turn to check their flank.
    The tunnel opened in to a large storage facility.  Piles of
large beams towered above team.  Beyond, they could faintly hear
the hum of machinery that brought a strong acrid odor with it.
    "What are they for." Whitecloud asked.
    "Unknown." replied one of the technicians.
    Whitecloud then used a quick hand signal telling the team to
spread out though the area.  In the middle of the room, one of
the pairs found a control panel on a raised pad.  Whitecloud
quickly found her way to the area.
    Two other pairs were already on the scene and two techs
stood on the two meter high pedestal, looking at a control
panel.  She could hear inspection instructions coming from the
Vigilante to the technicians.
    Whitecloud turned to Lieutenant Utlin who was with her,
phaser in his left hand and tricorder in his right.  "Stay here,
keep an eye out, we may draw their attention."
    "Agreed." Utlin said and put his tricorder in its holster.
    Whitecloud holstered her phaser and climbed the flat U
shaped rungs on the pedestal to the control panel.  The panel
stood at the top of the pedestal without any railing around it.
It was a single panel on a thick stem, it was dark gray, almost
black with many buttons and display screens on it.  The pedestal
and panel were covered with a thick layer of dust and the panel
was dark.
    "What ever it was used for, it's not used any more."
Whitecloud said.
    "Perhaps we can use it to access their computer system."
Lieutenant Utlin suggested from below.
    "To access their computer system, is to access them."
Whitecloud returned.
    "Perhaps that is why this panel is not used." said one of
the techs.  "If they have direct computer interface, they would
no longer need this kind of individual control over a function."
    "Of course," Whitecloud said looking out at the stock around
them.  "they don't use this kind of control now, but there had
to have been a time when they did."
    "Well, at least it gives us some kind of idea how old this
station is."  Tarva said over the radio.  "Do not try to
activate the panel.  Leave one pair to study and record it and
continue survey."
    "Aye, Sir." Whitecloud said and pointed to one tech who
would remain on the pedestal, her and the other climbed back
down to the deck.  "Continue survey to the far side, toward the
machinery."
    They split up again and continued to head toward the heat
and noise at the far side of the storage room.  The temperature
rose slowly and the noise and smell also increased.
    When the opening to the next room came into sight, those
that had their face shields up had to lower them.  The bright
light coming from the room was blinding without the protection
of the tinted shields.  The opening towered above the team and
dry heat blasted out.  The team could not get closer then 100
meters from the opening, and even then, they felt like they
would be burned.
    "What is it." Whitecloud asked above the din.
    "It's a foundry." replied one of the technicians.
    They then looked back at the stacks of beams they had been
walking through for the past hour.  "This must be some kind of
repair facility." Lieutenant Utlin said.
    "Repair or Construction." Whitecloud corrected.
    "Perhaps." Utlin agreed.
    "We need to get in there and get a closer look at what
they're doing."  Whitecloud said.
    "It sounds like a job for the armored pressure suits." Utlin
said.
    "That it is, that it is, my friend." Whitecloud responded.
    "What do we do until we can return with them?" Utlin asked.
    "We'll check the length of the room, perhaps we can find
another way down to the next level."  Whitecloud said.
    Lieutenant Utlin used hand signals to direct the team on a
course parallel to opening.  They continued scouting the area
staying just out of the worst effects of the opening.  Skirting
around and under the stacks of giant beams they soon found
another, much smaller opening out of the store room.
    The dust from the access tunnel was mostly absent from the
store room but was again apparent in the new access.  The access
was an apparent elevator shaft.  The channel seemed to reach
indefinitely above and below them.  Next to the shaft was
another control panel, similar to the one they had found in the
middle of the room.
    "What do we do now?" One of the techs asked.
    "Well," Whitecloud said "we could continue to be afraid of
revealing ourselves by experimenting with these panels we keep
finding, or we could see what happens."
    She then signaled the Vigilante "Team one leader to home,
request permission to experiment with current control panel."
    Unexpectedly Captain Anthony's voice came over the intercom
"Team leader, you are authorized to attempted to access all
computer terminals you encounter.  This mission is to gather
knowledge and your current mission is to see how their going to
react to us.  Don't be afraid to push buttons."
    "Aye, thank you, Sir." Whitecloud said with a smile.
    "Home out." Anthony said and signaled off.
    Whitecloud immediately signaled one of the techs toward the
panel.  A skinny woman slightly shorter than Whitecloud
approached.  She began a close scan of the panel with her
tricorder.  "Sir," She said "It appears that there is power to
this panel, we should be able to get a response from it."
    "Very good," Whitecloud said "make it so." She always wanted
to say that.
    The tech started with a couple of larger buttons but didn't
seem to get any response.  She then saw what looked like a
scanner just above the panel, after placing her hand over the
scanner, the panel lit up.  She then pushed the largest button
on the panel and waited for a second for some kind of response.
A yellow light lit up on the top of the panel and movement could
be heard coming from the shaft.
    "You did something, Ensign." Lieutenant Utlin said.
    Soon something rattled in the shaft and a large, open air
grate elevator appeared.  There were no railings, just a flat,
dust covered grate and a glowing control panel sticking up from
a pedestal.
    "Is it safe?" one of the techs asked.
    "Who wants to go first?" Whitecloud asked with a grin.
    Lieutenant Utlin stepped forward "I'm game."
    "Home, be ready to transport Lieutenant Utlin on his
signal." Whitecloud said before Utlin started testing the grate.
    He started by prodding it with his foot.  Though the
tricorders said it was stable, they had a tendency to
misdiagnose where the Borg were concerned.  He then walked
across the grate to the control pad.
    "Which way, up or down?" Utlin said while studying the
controls.
    "Down, of course." Whitecloud said.
    "Okay." Utlin pushed a button on the pad and was thrown to
the grate as the elevator accelerated upwards.  "By the cape of
Lin'hrlar, I think I pushed the wrong button." he screamed as
the elevator flew up the shaft.
    "Do you request retrieval?" came a voice from the 'ship to
shore' intercom.
    "Negative, lets see where I'm going first, but stand by." he
said loudly though he didn't have to.
    The elevator stopped at the first opening it came to,
hundreds of meters up.  The door revealed the first Borg they'd
encountered.  There were narrow passageways crowed with the
mechanical lumbering Borg.
    Most seemed to be in their regeneration stations but others
occasionally stepped away and made adjustments to nearby
equipment.  The passages weren't regular, they flowed
organically in and around equipment.  An obvious contradiction
from their precedence of meticulous regularity and geometric
precision.
    Utlin pulled out his tricorder and began doing scans of the
area.  He really didn't know what he was scanning, that was for
the techs to analyze later.  He wanted to explore the new area,
they'd finally found the Borg, but he was alone and the team was
waiting for him.  He would be back though.
    Utlin walked over to the pedestal and leaned his helmet
camera towards it and lifted his visor.  "Well, Home, do you
have any suggestions for my next trick?"
    "The button you pushed the first time was the oval towards
the top of the panel." came a voice over the communicator.
    "That's correct." Utlin was impressed with the astute
observation.
    "We suggest the oval at the bottom half of the panel."
returned the voice.
    "Sounds good to me." Utlin said and reached for the panel.
    "Lieutenant, Sir," came the voice quickly "We would also
suggest that you secure yourself to the elevator before pressing
the button."
    It was too late, the elevator dropped away from under
Utlin's feet as soon as he pushed the button.  Lieutenant Utlin
felt as if he were flying for a second, before the elevator
shaft shifted into the Vigilante's transporter room.  The
transporter pad came up and smacked him in the face.  Laying on
the transporter pad with blood gushing from his nose, he wished
he hadn't lifted his visor before pushing the button.
    The medic on duty immediately came over to treat Utlin.
Within minutes, he was ready to return to the current location
of the away team.
    Utlin looked toward the tall blond female working the
transporter "Thanks for the fast work."
    The woman smiled "I was going to let you fall a bit, Sir,
but figured since your still new, your allowed one mistake."
    "Thanks." Utlin said.
    "But remember, only one." she smiled then disappeared,
replaced by the away team and the Borg station.
    Whitecloud looked at Utlin with a bit of a frown "Well," she
said "I don't think that elevator is going to work to get us to
lower levels."
    "There were other controls on the panel." Utlin returned
"Perhaps one of them regulates the speed."
    Whitecloud turned back to the tech at their panel "Do any of
those controls appear to be incremental?"
    "No, Sir." replied the tech after inspecting the panel for a
few seconds.
    Whitecloud then turned to Utlin "Did any of the controls on
the elevator appear to perform that function?"
    Utlin looked out at the elevator sitting in the shaft.  His
foot prints and other marks were barely noticeable in the dust
on the edges of the grating.  "I don't remember, perhaps I
