    The Commander said almost in a panic "It's the Intruder
alert from engineering."
    Practically before the Commander had a chance to finish,
several places on the bridge shimmered briefly and figures
wearing dull gray armored suits with darkened face shields where
standing in strategic locations.  Before anyone on the bridge
had time to react, the intruders started shooting large black
phasers at them.
    The Commander and Communications officer were the first to
go down.  Before the Centurian was hit, he had time to fire his
disrupter at one of the intruders.  Several inches ahead of the
suit, a deflector shield shimmered when the blast hit.  The
armored intruder returned fire and the Centurian was thrown
against the console he had taken over earlier.
    Meanwhile, all over the ship, including the bridge,
canisters appeared and began emitting a white gas.  The effects
were relatively slow but the crew was soon unconscious.  Those
that were able to grab a gas mask were soon stunned down by an
armored figure that would beam in, shoot them, remove the mask,
then beam out.
    Two minutes after the intruder alert claxon came on a gloved
had reached to the Commander's console and turned it off.
Commander Tarva looked at the command console through her
helmet.  "Let's work fast" she said into her intercom "the
sooner we get back, the sooner Commander Dolittel will be able
to get back to work on the warp drives."  With transporters on
line, Dolittel was unable to continue repairs.
    Another figured appeared on the bridge with phaser in hand.
Commander Norton looked around and said to Tarva "All ships
personnel have been neutralized.  Once the gas is gone they
should be out about seventy two hours."
    "That should give Mr Dolittel more than enough time." Tarva
said as she pulled the Commander from her seat and dropped her
on the floor.  "OK, all personnel listen up, our first mission
is to find out if they actually saw the Vigilante.  If they did
we'll have to destroy the ship.  I regret it, but its necessary
for our own survival.  If we can find no record that they have
seen the Vigilante we must remove all records of their encounter
with us, starting with their entrance into this star system."
    "Too bad we don't have the time to wipe their memories as
well, that would make it really clean." Norton said.
    Tarva said "I know, but all they will have is memories of a
mysterious attack and no proof that will, in any way, link it to
the Federation.  Just speculation.  Without concrete evidence
the decision makers will not lend a lot of credence to their
reports."
    "I hope your right." Norton said.
    Tarva smiled and said "So do I." she had taken the
Commander's seat and began down loading the ship's technical
data banks to the Vigilante.  She also began down loading all
ship's logs to the Vigilante.  She knew that in the time they
had, she wouldn't get all of the information from either data
bank but would get quite a bit.
    After five hours, Commander Tarva signaled to the Vigilante
'mission complete'.  All the Vigilante personnel and gas
canisters beamed off at once.  With the canisters gone the
ship's life support would start clearing the gas off the ship.
Once the gas was gone, the crew would remain unconscious for an
estimated seventy two hours.
-----------
    Sixty eight hours after beaming off the Romulan ship,
Commander Dolittel signaled the bridge that all systems were on
line and functioning properly.  They had also begun to pickup
transmissions to the Romulan ship.  The transmissions meant that
they would soon be having more company, investigating the lost
contact.
    The Vigilante jumped to warp 9.6 as soon as leaving the star
system.  Captain Anthony immediately ordered a course plotted
back to sector 5876.34 using the controlled worm hole effect.
The crew nervously watched the count down remembering the last
trip.
    This time Dolittel's realignments worked, dropping the
Vigilante into the correct sector.  The worm hole effects were
not nearly as sever and the exit was nearly undetectable when
they dropped out.
    The Captain then gave the original coordinates as new
heading.  The Vigilante immediately jumped to warp eight for its
new destination.
-----------
    The Enterprise had been waiting at the predetermined meeting
place with no contact.  They were several days over the
estimated window of arrival.  Captain Picard, however, had
strict orders to stay on station until ordered other wise.
    "Captain" Lieutenant Worf said "Sub-space message coming in,
for your eyes only".
    "Thank you, Mr Worf, I'll take it in my ready room."
    The message was cryptic, to say the least, but it told
Picard all he needed to know.  After reading the message Captain
Picard remained in his ready room and called Mr Worf in.
    "Captain, there has been some trouble in Ten Forward." Worf
said stiffly before Picard could get down to his own business.
    "What kind of trouble?"
    "Sir, Two of our guests have been fighting rather severely."
    "Just how severely?"
    "They fought using knives, Sir.  Doctor Crusher is currently
mending both of them.  It seems they were able to inflict quite
a bit a damage to each other before security intervened." Worf
said obviously embarrassed for the performance of his personnel.
    "Is there something you think I should do about this, Mr
Worf?" asked Picard.
    "Sir, I was wondering what kind of punishment I should
impose since they are guests."
    "Well, don't they have a Senior Officer who can deal with
this kind of situation."
    At this Worf stiffened a little more "Sir, the combatants
were a Klingon officer and a Kalonian officer both claiming the
position.  They decided to settle the argument; traditionally."
    Picard sat back in his chair steepling his fingers in front
of his face and said "I see, perhaps after Doctor Crusher is
finished with them they should be placed together in the brig
for the duration of their stay on the Enterprise.  If either is
still alive when it is time to leave we'll let their new
assignment take care of any further punishment.
    "The reason I called you in, Mr Worf, is because I'd like
you to inform our guests that they should report to their
assigned assembly areas with their gear in eighteen hours."
    "Will that be all, Sir." Worf Said before leaving.
    "Yes, dismissed."
    Worf turned crisply and walked back onto the bridge.
-----------
    The two sat in the detention cell staring at each other.
They each wore a strange baggy black uniform with several
pockets.  One had the high, ridged forehead and nose of the
Klingon the other had a similar forehead but not nearly as
pronounced.  The Kalonian stood a few centimeters shorter than
the Klingon but matched him in weight and stubbornness.
    "If they hadn't interfered," the Klingon snarled "you'd be
dead, I had you beaten."  he spoke in Federation Standard since
Kalonians and Klingons traditionally despised learning or
speaking the others' language.
    The Kalonian laughed and said "You fool, you were about to
let your guard down thinking I was beaten.  Then I would have
ended your life.  Accept me as your superior officer and I'll
let you live when we get to where we are going."
    Now it was time for the Klingon to laugh "I find it
distasteful enough to serve next to a Kalonian, I would sooner
die than serve under one."
    "Like I said, that could be arranged."
    At that the Klingon growled and advanced toward the Kalonian
who did the same.  Before they came to blows they heard someone
holler to them.  It was the Enterprise's resident Klingon.
    "It is time to go." he said shutting off the force field.
He than threw them their bags, already packed.  "Come with me,
you can take this up at you new assignment."  Worf turned and
walked out of the detention area.
    "You have trained together for many months," Worf said to
the pair as they followed him down the corridor. "I would think
that these differences would have been worked out by now."
    "We trained in different teams." the Kalonian said.
    The Klingon, like most, tried his best to ignore this
Federation fool.
    Worf lead them to a cargo bay which was filled with many
more all wearing the same black uniform.  The group was
comprised of a number of different peoples.  Most prevalent were
Humans, Klingons, and Kalonians both male and female.  There
were others too some looked like Volcans and other assorted
Federation races.
    "What are we suppose to do here?" the Klingon said as he
entered the cargo bay.
    "Wait." Worf said and closed the door behind them and
continued down the corridor to a turbo-lift.
    Picard checked his the chronometer and said "Discontinue all
scanner operations, lower shields and turn off all exterior
recording devices."
    Commander Ryker looked puzzled and said "Sir, do you think
that is a wise thing to do, this close to the Neutral Zone?"
    "Number One, if it wasn't the proper thing to do, I wouldn't
do it.  Now are all of our guests in their assigned areas?"
    "Yes, Sir," Ryker said "and all ship's personnel have left
the areas."
    "Very good"
    "Now What?"
    "Now we wait." Picard said as he sat down in his chair.
    "Sir," Commander Data Looked up from his console "All
personnel in the cargo and shuttle bays have just disappeared, I
believe they have been transported."
    Picard smiled and said "Thank you Mr Data, now return to
normal operating conditions and set new course...."
                                to be continued ........
---------------------
                   T H E   V I G I L A N T E
                              IIIA
                         "The Warriors"
Thank God! there is always a Land of Beyond
    For us who are true to the trail;
A vision to seek, beckoning peak,
    A fairness that never will fail;
A pride in our soul that mocks at a goal,
    A manhood that irks at a bond,
And try how we will, unattainable still,
    Behold it, our Land of Beyond!
                    Robert Service
                    "THE LAND OF BEYOND"
    All of the new personnel had been transported directly to a
shuttle bay.  The main deck of the huge bay was  filled with the
black uniformed new arrivals.  Few of them noticed the strangers
standing in the front of the room.  It was hard, since the
strangers also wore the baggy black uniform.
    They had just enough time to adjust from the unannounced
transportation when the ship's public address system came on.
    "Your attention please." a man with long graying hair said.
The four hundred or so new personnel looked at him but basically
ignored his request and continued to talk among themselves.
    This time he spoke in a louder authoritarian voice "Crew,
Attention!".
    Their past months of training went into effect and the bay
was instantly silent and all personnel stood at attention.  All
eyes turned attention to the three standing at the head of the
bay.
    The two males stood about two meters tall, one was a human
with long graying shoulder length hair pulled back in a pony
tail.  The other was slightly shorter than the human he appeared
to be a vulcan and was totally bald.
    The third was a short female with long hair braided and
hanging down the middle of her back.  From her high smooth
forehead and brown skin many immediately guessed her to be a
Kalonian.
    The human continued to address them "I am Captain Anthony"
he said "and it is my honor to welcome you aboard the United
Star Ship Vigilante.  The mission of the Vigilante is considered
extremely hazardous the exact details will be released to you in
due time.  Right now, I'd like to introduce you to my senior
officers."
    He indicated the female and said "this is my first officer,
Commander Tarva and this is Chief of Security, Commander Norton.
With the stations you will be assigned to, many of you will
report directly to Commander Tarva or Commander Norton."
    Captain Anthony then indicated a large view screen on one
wall of the bay.  "If you'd examine the screen, you'll see your
current station and room assignments.  You have half an hour to
get settled in your quarters and report to your duty assignments
for introductory meetings.  Any questions?"
    There was something said in Klingon in the middle of the
room and several Klingons laughed amongst themselves.
    "Federation Standard will be spoken on the Vigilante."
Captain Anthony said "If you have something to say, say it now!"
      A Klingon stepped forward and addressed the Captain "As a
member of the Klingon Empire, and for its greater honor, I have
resigned my self to working with Kalonians," he said spitting
the last word then said "but I will not answer to one especially
a female."
    Commander Tarva stepped toward the Klingon and looked up at
him.  He was a large muscular warrior who was obviously well
seasoned and highly respected.  The shuttle bay was quieter now
then when the Captain was speaking.
    She flipped open her communicator and said "Will a medical
team please report to Shuttle Bay One."  She then looked at the
Klingon and smiled slightly.  The Klingon looked down at her
defiantly.
    What happened next the Klingon never saw coming.  Commander
Tarva started to turn to her left then kicked out sideways at
him with her right foot.  The bones in his lower left leg
snapped like dry sticks, he immediately screamed and fell toward
the deck.  As he fell, Tarva struck down at him with her left
hand.  His face caved in from the blow as his jaw shattered.
His head flung to the opposite shoulder and pinkish red blood
splattered across the floor and up on some of the crew standing
behind him.  He spun totally around, landing on his back.
    Tarva turned and looked at what was suppose to be a crew of
highly trained professional warriors.  She continued to wear her
smile and said "Is there anyone else who wishes to register a
complaint?" she sounded more like a waitress asking a customer
for an order.
    The crew remained totally silent, finally one of the
Kalonions began to chant.  It was an ancient war chant used
before going into battle, the other Kalonians soon joined him.
The rest of the crew stood in total silence.
-----------
    The Klingon limped to his quarters.  He had missed his group
meeting, even the current medical techniques took time to work.
When he entered the cabin the Kalonian he had spent the time in
detention with was there.
    "What are you doing here?" he said through wires in his
mouth.
    "We are to share this cabin." the Kalonian said.
    "Why am I not surprised."  The Klingon walked over to the
bunk with his bag on it.
    "Perhaps it is time for introductions" the Kalonian said "I
am called Golta."
    "I am Kartang." replied the Klingon through his wires.
    The quarters would have been large for a single on the
Vigilante.  There was one main room with the bunks on either
side and the door on the opposite wall.  The door to the head
was to the right of the main door past one of the bunks.  Built
into the wall that was most toward the back of the ship were two
high back chairs with swing across restraints and buckle down
harnesses.
    Kartang inspected the bunk and declared it a typical
Federation luxury.  As with Golta, his possessions on this trip
were few but he neatly put them in the few drawers allocated to
him.
    "Kartang, may I ask you a question?"
    Kartang looked at him and growled "Why are you being civil
toward me, Kalonian?"
    "I have considered the consequences of trouble on this ship.
I've decided that it would be in both of our interests to get
along."
    Kartang scratched at the wires in his mouth and said "What
is your question?"
    "Had you ever heard of Commander Tarva before today?" Golta
asked sounding as sincerely as his deep Kalonian voice allowed.
    "No, I had not." Kartang spat.
    "There are not many Kalonians in Star Fleet." Golta said "So
we tend to know about those who are.  Like you would know  about
the Klingon on the Enterprise."
    "Yes we know about him." Kartang hissed.
    "Commander Tarva comes from one of the Southern provinces on
Kalon.  Her family was one of the few that stayed with the
absolute traditional Kalonian way.  These Traditionalists
trained their children to be soldiers from the time they were
born."
    "So we found out." Kartang mumbled.
    Golta pretended he didn't hear the comment.  Just continued
with the story "When they come to the age of decision, they
would chose a discipline.  Many would chose to be line soldiers
others qualified for training as officers.  There are many needs
in a well equipped defense force.  The traditionalists always
garnered the top ranks due to their extensive training.  Tarva
rose quickly through the ranks and it was thought one day she
would be highly placed."
    "So what's your point?" Kartang groweled.
    "I'm getting to it." Golta responed then continued..
    "Tarva was accepted into the Elite Strike Forces.  Only
fifty percent of the candidates who enter training survive.
Remember, only the best of the best are accepted in to the
program.  Tarva finished at the top of her class and ranked in
the top five percent of all who have ever finished.
    "Not long after she finished training in the E S F her
parents were killed on duty.  As a result, she became
disenchanted with the role she had in the Defense Force.  Though
it is a great honor for mates to die together in the line of
duty, she could not accept it.  She resigned her commission and
applied to Star Fleet Academy.  There is an old saying on Kalon,
loosely translated it means 'Once E.T.F., Always E.T.F.'"
    Kartang sat on his bunk rubbing his leg and looking at his
room mate.  Golta could see the anger in his eyes.
    "If I hadn't experienced Commander Tarva first hand, I would
laugh at your Elite Strike Forces." he said trying to keep
saliva from dripping from the wires.
    "I too, always thought they were just a lot of talk." Golta
admitted with a bit of a smile.
    The two looked at each other for a second and then burst
into their races' hardy laughs.
    The intercom piped on "Lieutenant Kartang, report to the
Command Room".
    "Acknowledged." he said.
    Kartang looked at Golta and said "How do I find this Command
Room?" as he stood from his bunk.
    "The Command Room is off the bridge."
    Kartang stood for a moment then limped out of the room.
    The bridge crew acknowledged his presence as if he had been
a long time companion.  The bridge was basically laid out like
most standard Federation bridges.  The main difference was that
all stations were designed for access from the same kind of
chairs as were built into the wall in his cabin.  They even
included the restraints and belts.  This seemed to be a standard
on the Vigilante.
    Sitting at the far end of the slightly curved table that
basically filled the command room were Captain Anthony,
Commander Tarva and Commander Norton.  The chairs around the
table were similar to the others he'd observed on the Vigilante
including all belts and restraints.
    Commander Tarva stood to great him.  "Lieutenant Kartang,
this meeting has been called to fill you in on what you missed
during your visit to Sick Bay.  First I'd like to say that all
assignments were made before your arrival.  They were based on
your performance during training and your experience prior to
volunteering for the mission.  Won't you have a seat."  She
motioned to one of the seats near where they were sitting.
    She watched him examine the built in restraints. "They are
called Rough Duty seats, their purpose will be explained to you
in due time."
    He sat down in the chair then leaned back casually.  He was
trying his best to look slightly defiant.
    "As I was saying, assignments are based on performance
during training and prior experience.  We do not have time to
evaluate our crew before making assignments.  It has been
decided that your assignment will be Drop Ship Commander.  With
this, will come a promotion to Lieutenant Commander.  The
position also places you in the official emergency chain of
command.  You are now fifth in command of the Vigilante."
    With this announcement the Captain and Commander Norton
stood and offered their hands in congratulations.  They then
announced that they had business elsewhere and dismissed
themselves.
    Commander Tarva motioned for Kartang to sit back down.  "We
have some more business to attend to." She said.
    Kartang sat down and wiped away some saliva caused by the
wires in his mouth.  Kartang struggled to contain his animosity
toward Tarva.  Earlier it was easy with the other two in the
room, it was difficult with her sitting less then a meter across
the table from him.  He had not yet said a word, he was very
conscious of his mouth full of hardware.
    "Now for the chain of command, if your going to be in it you
had better know it.  You will report directly to Commander
Norton who is actually third in command to myself.  The officer
who is fourth in command is Commander Dolittel, Chief of
Engineering.  This chain is implemented in emergency only, it is
not necessarily the day to day order of command.  If we are ever
in a situation where the top command staff is unable to perform
their duties we need to be sure a warrior will be in charge of
the Vigilante.
    "Do you have any questions so far?"
    "Yes." he snarled and leaned toward her across the table.
"Why did you do this to your fifth in command." he spat and
opened his mouth to show her the wires.
    Tarva maintained her same composure and said "I did not know
who you were when you came forward. If I did," she paused and
leaned across the table to meet him face to face ~'I would have
done the exact same thing.'~ She said the last in perfect
Klingon.
    Kartang looked at her disbelieving and sat back in his
chair.
    Tarva did too and continued in standard "The Vigilante is
going on what many know could be a suicide mission.  To simply
mark your record for insubordination would mean something only
if we return.  So any infractions in proper behavior must be
dealt with on the spot and severely.
    "Is there anything else, Lieutenant Commander Kartang."
    "Not at this time." Kartang said calmly.
    "Very good, report to Commander Norton he should be in
shuttle bay three.  He'll give you a tour of your area and
outline your responsibilities.  Dismissed."
    Kartang stood, came to stiff attention then limped toward
the door.
    "Oh, I've been, ah, 'informed' by medical that the small
bone knitters may be functional tomorrow."  Tarva was barely
able to suppress a grin of satisfaction.
    Kartang stiffened trying to ignore what she was implying.
    "One last thing." Tarva said as the door opened for him.
    "Yes, Sir." he growled.
    "There will be a notation made in your permanent record for
insubordination, for the incident earlier today."
    "Yes, Sir." he repeated and walked onto the bridge.
-----------
    The shuttle bays and connected training areas took up more
than two thirds of the bulbous main body of the ship.
Engineering occupied most of the rest.  The crew quarters and
most weapons stations were in the saucer section, there was no
neck connecting the saucer to the main body.
    Kartang stood in the massive Shuttle Bay Three.  The bay was
not filled with shuttles, it was filled with strange looking
long boxy ships.  These must be the drop ships they had been
talking about.  Most were placed in racks and several were on
the deck as if prepared for launch.  Others were on lifts being
worked on.
    Commander Norton was in a control booth that over looked the
main launch deck.  Kartang limped to the one man, open air lift
and road it to the booth, maintaining a perfect Klingon at-ease
posture.
    When commander Norton saw Kartang arrive he smiled and said
"Ah, Lieutenant Commander, welcome to the Cavern."
    "The Cavern, Sir?" Kartang said.
    "Shuttle Bay 3 is the largest shuttle bay on the Vigilante
and in fact one of the largest in Star Fleet.  So its been
nicknamed the Cavern."
    "Sir, Commander Tarva told me to report to you for an
introduction to my duties." Kartang remained the serious, out of
his element, Klingon.
    Norton pointed out the window at the Drop Ships in the bay.
"The U.S.S. Vigilante carries 30 DS-300 series 5 Drop Ships and
five standard transports.  The DS-300 was originally designed to
land anti-terrorist units in troubled regions of the Federation.
The DS-300 Series 5 was designed and built specifically for this
mission.  It is built of the same composite material as the
Vigilante."
    "Sir, what composite material?"
    "Oh yes you missed the introductory meetings." Commander
Norton then briefed Kartang on the properties of the composite
material.
    "So the ships become invisible to sensors without cloaking?"
    "The sensor profile is reduced greatly.  For instance at
close range the Vigilante reads about the size of a tug and
appears to be unmanned.  The Drop Ships appear as debris and a
pressure suit made of the material is virtually invisible."
    "Wouldn't it be easier and more effective to cloak the
ship?"
    "The Vigilante and the Drop Ships are cloaked.  Cloaking,
however, can fail.  The composite also reflects energy and
reduces the damage a direct hit may cause.  It might be enough
to save the ship from only a hit or two but that can still make
a difference in survival."
    "What precisely are my duties as Drop Ship Commander?"
    "You are in charge of the Drop Ships, from maintenance to
planning and coordinating missions."
    "I have never seen a drop ship before, now I am in command
of a fleet of them.  Why didn't they train us on these things?"
    "In order to preserve secrecy you couldn't use Drop Ships,
but the trainers you did use are very similar.  They do have
their own idiosyncrasies though, that is why I've arranged for
you take a ship out for a test flight.  Since I am too busy to
be your co-pilot, I have assigned the only other experienced D S
pilot on the Vigilante to ride with you."
    "I do not need lessons on how to pilot any ship."
    "I don't expect you would but I want somebody there whose
flown these things before.  This will be the only time you won't
have a say in the matter.  Besides she'll probably just sleep or
sight see the whole time anyway."
    Kartang moaned he was going on his first D S flight with a
female as chaperone.  As long as it wasn't Commander Tarva he
figured he could stand it.
    Norton watched Kartang limp to the window and get a better
look at the deck.  "How much longer do they expect your leg to
hurt, and what's with the wires in your mouth?"
    "A day or two." Kartang said through the hardware in his
mouth then said "These shackles are because the small bone
knitters are all temporarily 'out of service', they're suppose
to come out tomorrow."
    Commander Norton began showing Kartang the specifics of the
Control Booth and other areas of the operation.  Kartang knew he
had a lot to learn and was ready to start.  It took all his
concentration to ignore the throbbing in his face and leg.
-----------
    The door signaled and Kartang called for the person to
enter.  His leg no longer hurt and the wire had been removed
from his mouth.  It had been only a day and a half so he was
quite satisfied with the 'progress'.
    When Kartang heard someone walk into the room he looked up
from his computer console to see his visitor.
    "Lieutenant Commander Kartang," it was a human female with
short red hair.  He remembered seeing her on the bridge.
    "Yes."
    "Sir, I'm Ensign O'Malley, Commander Norton asked me to
accompany you on a Drop Ship test run."
    The Vigilante had taken up residence in a seldom traveled
corner of the Federation near the Romulan neutral zone.  The
star system had two planets one of which had a turbulent but
breathable atmosphere.  The planet was deemed appropriate for
training Drop Ship Crews.  The crews, however, were no where
near ready for actual flights.  So the Vigilante stayed in the
system running its own tests.
    Kartang looked at the young human and moaned to himself.  He
knew her history and respected her for where she came from.  It
was hard, however, to over come prejudices especially when his
own skills were being compared to this skinny human.
    "Yes, I've had DS-1 prepared for testing."  Kartang stood
and retrieved his pressure suit gear bag.
    The first order Kartang issued required pressure suits worn
during all Drop Ship flights.  Previously, they were only
required if hazardous duty was expected.  Kartang's theory was
that the Drop Ship's sole purpose was hazardous duty, therefore,
the pressure suit should be worn at all times.
    Shuttle Bay Three was different than the other two, it not
only was larger but was designed for rapid deployment of the
Drop Ships.  A force field was raised behind the ships to allow
them to exit the bay at high acceleration.  Up to four ships
could be launched at a time with rapid replacement.
    Shuttle bays one and two were used for recovery and
maintenance.  They were also used for movement of cargo so as
not to interfere with bay three.
    Ensign O'Malley sat in the co-pilots seat watching Kartang
power up Drop Ship One.  "Sir, do we want to do a rapid
deployment launch your first time out?"
    "I am an experienced pilot," Kartang snapped "if I'm going
to be forced to make this test flight with an observer, I'm
going to push it to the limits."
    O'Malley smiled and said "Great."
    The pilots' pressure suits were similar to the armored ones
but didn't have all the protection.  The material was a form of
the same composite material but woven into a cloth like
substance.  The helmets were a lot lighter and the face shields
closed either manually or when emergency alarms were triggered.
    "Lieutenant Commander Kartang, to traffic control"
    "This is Traffic Control."
"Requesting clearance for launch of DS-1" He said into the
ship's communicator.
    "You are cleared for launch" was the immediate reply.
    O'Malley and Kartang were pressed into their seats as the
Drop Ship accelerated out of the bay.  Before it cleared the
Vigilante's cloaked shields its own were automatically
activated.
    Once the acceleration had ceased Ensign O'Malley turned her
chair slightly and looked out a side window.  "I do so much
piloting, it's nice to have a chance to just ride for once."
    After half an hour of standard test maneuvers Kartang said
"Have you ever taken one of these on an actual drop yet?"
Kartang asked as if he was leading up to something.
    "No, Sir." O'Malley said turning toward him. "Your not
thinking of doing something unscheduled are you, Sir?"
    "They tell me I'm in charge of the Drop Ships, I've decided
it is time to make a test drop."
    They had been making simple orbital maneuvers and now headed
toward were the computer placed the Vigilante.
    "This is Lieutenant Commander Kartang, to traffic control,
requesting landing clearance."
    "You are cleared for landing."  was the immediate reply.
    "Are the preparations complete for test drop." he asked
flight control as he followed the closed homing beacon into the
cloaked Vigilante.  Just before they would have reached the
shields they shimmered and weakened enough to allow the drop
ship in.
    "Yes, Sir.  DS-eighteen is prepared for test drop."
    Kartang turned to O'Malley and said "I've read your record
and it appears you are qualified to ride as co-pilot for the
test drop, if you wish."
    "I would need clearance from Commander Tarva."
    "I've already obtained her release."
    "Sir, I'm honored you recommended me, I hope I do not let
you down."
    "Your performance during the crisis with the Romulans
deserves recognition."
    "Thank you, Sir."
    When they landed, DS-18 was ready for launch.
    "Sir, DS-18 has had minimal flight time, do you think it is
wise to use it for the first test drop?"
    "Ensign O'Malley," Kartang said harshly "are you questioning
my judgment?"
    "No Sir, but as co-pilot it is my job to point out possible
oversights."
    "DS-18 has been thoroughly tested, it is time it got some
flight time."
    "Yes, Sir."
    Sixteen assorted personnel waited inside DS-18 in full
armored pressure suits.  The ship was designed to hold sixteen
personnel, eight to a side.  The chairs were designed to hold
the large armored suits.  During launch, they were turned toward
the front of the ship for acceleration.  After acceleration, the
chairs would automatically turn toward the center for easy exit.
    "These are some of the Drop Ship pilots," Kartang said as he
and O'Malley entered the ship. "I have decided they should know
what a drop feels like to the crew.  I hope this will make them
better pilots."
    Kartang looked at the pressure suited warriors.  These were
true warriors.  He had trained with them, he knew they would
perform well when called upon.  The armor he envied to no end.
If he had anything like it when he commanded his ten crew ship
they would have been indestructible.
    Kartang sat strapped in the pilot's seat he turned and
looked his copilot.  To signal he was ready, he dropped the face
shield on his helmet, she did likewise.
    As official copilot, it was O'Malley's duty to call for
clearance.  Numbers appeared on the wall above the door over
their runway.  A red light bar on the door above their run way
turned yellow when the numbers started counting down.  When they
reached 0 the light would turn green and they would launch.
Everything was timed with the Vigilante's orbit designed for
them to land in the designated spot in the minimum amount of
time.
    The light turned yellow and the numbers seemed to count down
very slowly.  When the numbers reached the end an alarm sounded
in the comm-system, the green light came on and the computer
launched the ship.
    DS-18 immediately dropped toward the atmosphere.  The
acceleration of the Drop Ship totally countered the orbit of the
Vigilante.  It hit the atmosphere with its nosed raised so the
shields on the bottom would take the brunt of the burn in.
    The round shape of the shields showed as the heat of entry
was dispersed.  Inside, the ship shook violently and the hull
temperature rose.  A display in each helmet counted down
projected landing time.
    Ensign O'Malley watched the gauges showing exterior
temperature and stresses, all were approaching the red zone.
    "Sir, shields are reaching tolerances," she said evenly
"adjusting power.  We'll be through burn area in five
seconds..four...three..."
    The ship bucked and started to shake violently.  "Sir,
shields have buckled, it's breaking up.."
    Kartang glanced at his copilot then at her gauges.  The ship
shuddered again and the hull breach alarm sounded.   Kartang had
no more time, he reached up and hit the emergency eject button
above his head.  All eighteen occupants immediately beamed out
of the ship and back to the Vigilante.  As they beamed away,
Drop Ship 18 exploded and continued to fall to the surface in
flaming pieces.
    They materialized on the shuttle bay emergency transporter.
As soon as he could move Kartang pulled off his helmet and threw
it across the bay.  Janice thought the whole ship could hear his
blood curdling scream.  Five of the other pilots were also
Klingons and two were Kalonians they too were showing similar
displays of frustration.  None of them were as violent as
Kartang though.
    Kartang came over to O'Malley screaming loudly in Klingon.
His eyes were wide showing all the white and violet streaks of
blood around the edges.
    O'Malley pushed her fire red hair off her forehead and
smoothed it.  Her early years on Vega-5 had given her a very
thick skin.  She looked him in the eyes and waited for him to
stop his tirade, she figured he'd at least have to take a breath
soon.  She waited and tried to decide what he had eaten that
gave him such bad breath.
    He finally finished and stood looking at her.  His eyes were
still wide and his shoulder length hair stood in all directions.
O'Malley reached into her helmet and removed a storage disk from
the gauge area.  She put the chip into a nearby console and
pressed a few buttons.
    The console immediately lit up showing the entire drop ship
control panel, his controls and hers.  Her system and been tied
directly to the ships computer and had acted as a flight
recorder.
    "Perhaps, this will help us determine what exactly went
wrong."
    Kartang immediately pushed her out of the way and began
studying the output.
    In the suit room, the other pilots were already being helped
out of their pressure suits.
    "What happened out there, human?" asked Valerta, one of the
Klingon pilots.
    "You and that Klingon almost got us killed." one of the
Kalonians said.
    "I have no idea," O'Malley said "the shields began to buckle
for no apparent reason.  The stresses of landing through even an
atmosphere like that shouldn't have effected it."
    "They had better get it fixed before they send us out in
those things again." said a female human pilot.
    The pilots began complaining amongst themselves.  Even
though O'Malley was also a pilot she wasn't assigned to the drop
ship fleet, therefore, she was an outsider.  She could hear them
refer to her several times and look at her.  It was obvious they
blamed the outsider for their near demise.  Even the humans
didn't seem too sympathetic toward her.
    Ensign O'Malley was out of her pilot's pressure suit before
the others were out of their armor.  To get away from the pilots
as soon as possible she didn't put on her uniform but decided to
carry it back to her cabin.  Wearing the tight black shorts,
tank top and the pressure suit boot liners is how Commander
Tarva found her walking down the hall.
    "Ensign O'Malley, what happened out there?!"
    "Lieutenant Commander Kartang is currently reviewing the
flight recorder, Sir." Janice said coming to attention.
    "Ensign, that is not what I asked you."
    O'Malley hesitated for a second looking straight over
Commander Tarva then said "Sir, the shields seemed unable to
handle the atmosphere burn in.  I did not notice any incorrect
operating procedures."
    "Very well, your complete report will be expected when you
begin your next shift."
    "Aye, Sir." O'Malley said and continued toward her cabin now
at double time.
-----------
    Captain Anthony, Commander Tarva, and Commander Norton sat
quietly in the briefing room off the bridge.  Lieutenant
Commander Kartang was finishing his briefing on the mishap with
Drop Ship 18.  He had presented the complete flight recordings
and the analysis of what little wreckage had been retrieved.
    "It is my conclusion," he said "that the new design
deflector shields where not properly aligned to withstand the
stress of the drop.  Currently all drop ships are being
inspected for similar flaws.  At last report, three other ships
have been found to have improperly aligned deflector shields."
    Tarva looked at him incredulously "So you are trying to pass
the blame of your mistake to technicians who are not here to
defend themselves and whom you will never meet?"  The data he
had presented had clearly supported his analysis, Tarva,
however, still felt the need to test the ebon of the Klingon.
    "No, I am not."  Kartang growled at Tarva "The misaligned
deflectors were within the tolerances set by Design.  I blame
Design for setting improper tolerances."
    "Thank you." Commander Nortan said.  After Kartang had taken
his seat Norton addressed the room  "Taking into account the
other reports and the data from the flight recorders I must come
to the same conclusion." then added "Commander Dolittel has also
came to a similar conclusion."
    Kartang sat back and looked at Tarva.  She could see the
animosity in his eyes but ignored it.
    Captain Anthony finally said "It seems this ship has been
plagued by misalignments.  I am ordering that all ship's systems
be retested.  We are setting tighter tolerances and expect them
to be maintained."
-----------
    Golta checked the readouts below the face shield of his
helmet.  It had taken some getting used to, looking down inside
his helmet with out moving the helmet.  By speaking the
designated codes for the members of team RT-2 he could read all
of their vital signs.  He could also get other information
including a display from their suit camera.
    Golta was proud he had been assigned a position equal to
that of the Klingon.  It would have been intolerable to not only
have to share a room with him but also to be out ranked by him.
As commander of landing forces Golta felt that his position was
much more Glorious.  He and his warriors would do the actual
information retrieval, the whole mission was designed so they
could do their job.  His, would be the most crucial command.
    Right now, he was running a bio-coordination check while
waiting for launch.  All other systems checks had been
completed, the bio-check was always the last.  To get an
accurate mission standard the bio-coordination was taken just
prior to mission initiation.
    The yellow launch light over the bridge door came on
indicating the countdown had commenced.  Golta mentally prepared
himself for launch as the green light came on.  The force of the
launch pressed him into the large seat.  This was his sixth
practice launch and he still cringed behind his darkened face
shield.  As soon as the acceleration of the launch ended, the
large chairs turned toward the center of the Drop Ship for rapid
deployment.
    This drop wasn't any different than the others, the ship
shook violently as it dropped through the planet's atmosphere.
Golta watched the teams vital signs as they dropped to the
surface.  As usual, all including himself showed signs of great
stress.  This worried him, if they ever needed to go into battle
this way, what would the stresses be like then.
    A yellow light in the middle of the cabin began blinking and
the seat restraints opened indicating landing was near.  When it
turned green the back door would drop open and they would file
out in pairs.  It didn't matter where they were or what the
conditions were like.  The suits would protected them,
hopefully.
    Normally, just before the green light came on they could
feel a bump when the ship landed. This time, however, that
didn't happen, the green light came on and the door opened to a
blinding sand storm.  The team didn't hesitate though, the
soldiers stood simultaneously and quickly marched out the back
door two at a time.
    Golta, for this drop, was to be the last off the craft, one
of the first was his second in command, Lieutenant Whitecloud.
She would be acting command for this mission.
    He could hear her sound the warning as she stepped off the
door "Heads up, it's a free fall."
    The ship hadn't landed, in fact, it was over a hundred
meters up and flying at a steady velocity when the door opened.
The pressure suited warriors stepped into thin air.  The
training again paid off, not one of them panicked.  As they
stepped off the door each one stayed perfectly upright and
trusted their equipment.
    The suits immediately calculated approximate altitude and
would begin firing built in boosters just in time to land
safely.  As they fell, the buffeting weather and the blowing
sand totally blinded and shook them.  The suits, however, used
stabilizers to remain up right.  Golta tracked the team  on his
suit's scanners as they fell ahead of him.
    The weather on the surface wasn't any better.  Wind howled
around them restricting vision to the perimeter of the suits
deflector shields.  The  stabilizers fired constantly to keep
the suit on it's feet making movement feel extremely jerky.
    Whitecloud ordered all to switch to their Electronic Vision
Enhancer (EVE).  None of them actually needed to be told to do
this.  When EVE was activated the visor went opaque and showed
an electronically enhanced view.  The view was a composite of
scanner analysis and non-visible light analysis.  The on board
computer then combined and enhanced the output to get a slightly
off color image of what the user should see.
    The team slowly separated into a wide formation with
partners always within sight of each other.  The rest, stayed
within electronic range.  The goal was to survey a large area of
the planet and be at their extraction site at a designated time.
To do this, they would need to be on the move for nearly all of
the next three days.
    The sixteen met at the extraction point on schedule and
Whitecloud initiated the extraction beacon.  Within five minutes
the extraction warning sounded over the suits' communicators.
The drop ship had entered the atmosphere and would be arriving
momentarily.
    "Attention RT-2, extraction beacon pinpointed, E T A 10
minutes."  came the voice of the female Klingon known as
Valerta.
    "Acknowledged." Whitecloud said.  The team put some distance
between themselves and the beacon.
    The wind continued to howl around them as they waited for
the drop ship to arrive.  The storm was stronger now then it had
been since they were dropped.  They couldn't hear the ship but
EVE allowed them to see it dropping toward them.  The ship was
being shaken severely by the continuing storm.  They could see
it buck through the multiple wind vortexes as it descended ever
closer.
    "E T A 2 minutes" Valerta said obviously shaking.
    "This is going to be a tough one" Golta commented.
    "I'll do it." Valerta said confidently though still shaking.
    "Maybe they should have beamed us out." one of the team
said.
    "That would defeat the whole point of the exercise." said
Whitecloud.  She had lead and coordinated the whole mission, she
wasn't about to let her first chance at leadership be
anti-climaxed by a beam out.
    The drop ship landed hard next to the beacon.  They could
hear a thump through the storm and filters in the helmets.  A
large cloud of yellow dust was thrown up around the ship.  EVE
allowed the team to see that the ship appeared to be intact but
they weren't sure.  Procedure dictated that they keep their
distance until they were sure the ship was safe.
    A minute after landing they saw the back door drop open and
heard Valerta yelling "Lets go, I don't have all day, move,
move, move."
    The team immediately began to move as quickly as they could
to the drop ship.  Valerta kept the shields raised until the
last possible moment to protect the ship from the wind and sand.
When she dropped the rear shields to allow them access a strong
vortex of wind also got through and lifted the back of the drop
ship.  The four already in the ship were dropped toward the
cabin while the three on the door were thrown back off.
    The rear of the drop ship lifted several meters and the
whole ship pivoted to port.  As it swung, the open door/ramp
caught Ensign Mueller in the neck.  Since all suit deflector
shields had been shut down to allow for the close proximity of
boarding the door made direct contact with his helmet.  The
force of the impact threw him to ground and slightly separated
the helmet from the suit.
    Golta's warning alarm for Ensign Mueller signaled the
breach.  "Control, we have a suit breach." he said as he went to
the soldier's aid.
    Kartang's voice came over the intercom "Get your team out of
there, Kalonian.  You know the training regulations about
beaming out a drop team."
    The suit stabilizers had also been shut down just prior to
boarding.  This caused the troops on the ground to loose
stability in the wind.  Golta, as a result had difficulty
reaching Mueller.
    When Golta reached him, he could see the Ensign struggling
inside his suit.  The planet's atmosphere was not toxic but the
ultra fine dust of the sand storm was blowing directly into his
face.  The boy, though highly trained, was beginning to panic as
he couldn't breath, see or get back on his feet.  The EVE had
been disabled, and his nose, mouth and eyes were filling with
dust.
    The fist thing Golta did was activate what was suppose to be
the suit's automatic sealing.  The separated joint immediately
filled with a black gel and the life support systems started
filtering out the dust.  Golta then grabbed the ensign by an arm
and pulled him to his feet.
    Valerta had finally stabilized the drop ship and the
remaining crew were boarding.  Golta and Ensign Mueller just
two meters away, started for the ship.  Lieutenant Whitecloud
had gotten the rest of the crew into the ship and met Golta and
Mueller at the bottom of the ramp.
    "All other hands secured." she said as she grabbed under
Mueller's other arm and helped Golta get him into the ship.
    As soon as they were half-way up the ramp Whitecloud yelled
to her intercom "Close It!".  The ramp immediately lifted them
into the ship.
    Once the door was closed Golta started trying to get the
helmet off of Mueller.  Between the bulk of his own armor and
the drop ship rocking up through the atmosphere it was not an
easy task.  It turned out, that the helmet was not damaged, just
separated from the suit.
    "This suit wasn't damaged." Golta growled to Whitecloud.
    "What happened to it?" she asked as she strapped herself in.
    "I don't know." Golta replied as he finally pulled the
helmet from the suit.
    Whitecloud checked Mueller's vital signs in her suit
monitors when she heard the vital sign warning.  "Sir, he's not
breathing." she said and started to unstrap herself.
    "Stay in your seat." Golta commanded as he pulled off his
own helmet.
    Ensign Mueller was having a sever allergic reaction to the
dust blown into his suit.  He was now trying to grasp at his
throat as it swelled shut.  Golta tilted Mueller's head back
trying to keep the air way open but the swelling had closed it
off.
    "Vigilante" he yelled "Medical Emergency, Ensign Mueller has
suffered a sever allergic reaction his throat has swollen shut."
    As he finished talking the ship shook severely and tilted
forward.  Golta and Mueller slid across the deck between the
feet of his team and crashed against the forward bulkhead.  The
helmets also bounced off the wall next to him and he let out a
primal Kalonian scream.
    "Valerta," he yelled "get it steady, We've got problems back
here."
    "Sir, I must increase to exit velocity or we won't make it."
she said.
    Golta hesitated for a second then ordered "Make it so."
    All landing chairs automatically turned forward for
impending acceleration.  Valerta then warned "Prepare for
acceleration to exit velocity. 5..4.."
    Golta lay over the ensign, straddling him, as he was trying
to activate the suits automatic medication.  He had not yet even
had time to remove his gloves so it was difficult finding the
controls inside the collar of the suit.
    "3..2.."
    The manual overrides inside the collar were designed mostly
for maintenance and testing.  Since the suit had been
deactivated for boarding the advanced life support was not
functioning.  The boy was beginning to turn blue and had gone
unconscious.
    "His pulse is getting weak" Whitecloud said frantically.
    "1..0..increasing to exit velocity."
    Golta totally lay over the Ensign and wrapped his arms
around his back and held Mueller's head to his chest trying to
protect it.  The acceleration threw them back across the ship
against the landing door.
    Pinkish red blood gushed from a gash across Golta's temple
but Mueller was unhurt.  Golta continued to work against the
acceleration while pressed up to the back door.
    Golta sat up, screamed again and began trying to remove one
of his gloves.  When it came off he threw it forward against the
cabin door and immediately stuck his hand back down the ensign's
suit.  He could barely hear a faint hiss as the suit injected
the boy with the needed drug to help reduce the swelling.
    "Pulse seems to have stabilized" Whitecloud informed him
"but he's still not breathing."
    The Drop ship shuddered again and leaned hard to port
slamming Golta and the Ensign against the back of one of the
chairs of their comrades.
    "His throat's still swollen." Golta said after trying to
breath into him.  He then grabbed an emergency kit mounted on
the wall above him.  Inside was an assortment of emergency
medical supplies.  "Normal airways won't work" he said as he
pulled out a long skinny tube. "I'm going to use a nasal
airway".
    "Valerta,  What's our ETA to transporter range?"  Whitecloud
said as she watched Golta slide the tube into Mueller's nose.
    "The Vigilante will not transport while we're outside their
shields on any Drop Ship training mission." Valerta replied then
added "ETA to Vigilante 5 minutes."
    Once the tube was in place, Ensign Mueller arched his back
as he struggled to catch his breath through it.  "He should make
it."  Golta's deep voice sounded grave.  They still lay against
the back door held there by the acceleration.
    Whitecloud watched the Kalonian holding Mueller's head back
trying to keep the airway open.  He was also closely examining
the suit trying to decide what had gone wrong with it.
    The vibration of the Drop Ship's acceleration began to
