other, in the manner of a vista; we went through the second room            
towards the third; here the gray walked in first, beckoning me to           
attend: I waited in the second room, and got ready my presents for the      
master and mistress of the house: they were two knives, three               
bracelets of pearl, a small looking glass, and a bead necklace. The         
horse neighed three or four times, and I waited to hear some answers        
in a human voice, but I heard no other returns than in the same             
dialect, only one or two a little shriller than his. I began to             
think that this house must belong to some person of great note among        
them, because there appeared so much ceremony before I could gain           
admittance. But, that a man of quality should be served all by horses,      
was beyond my comprehension. I feared my brain was disturbed by my          
sufferings and misfortunes: I roused myself, and looked about me in         
the room where I was left alone; this was furnished like the first,         
only after a more elegant manner. I rubbed my eyes often, but the same      
objects still occurred. I pinched my arms and sides to awake myself,        
hoping I might be in a dream. then absolutely concluded, that all           
these appearances could be nothing else but necromancy and magic.           
But I had no time to pursue these reflections; for the gray horse came      
to the door, and made me a sign to follow him into the third room,          
where I saw a very comely mare, together with a colt and foal, sitting      
on their haunches, upon mats of straw, not unartfuUy made, and              
perfectly neat and clean.                                                   
  The mare soon after my entrance, rose from her mat, and coming up         
close, after having nicely observed my hands and face, gave me a            
most contemptuous look; then turning to the horse, I heard the word         
Yahoo often repeated betwixt them; the meaning of which word I could        
not then comprehend, although it were the first I had learned to            
pronounce; but I was soon better informed, to my everlasting                
mortification: for the horse beckoning to me with his head, and             
repeating the word Hhuun, Hhuun, as he did upon the road, which I           
understood was to attend him, led me out into a kind of court, where        
was another building at some distance from the house. Here we entered,      
and I saw three of these detestable creatures, whom I first met             
after my landing, feeding upon roots, and the flesh of some animals,        
which I afterwards found to be that of asses and dogs, and now and          
then a cow dead by accident or discase. were all tied by the neck with      
strong withes, fastened to a beam; they held their food between the         
claws of their forefeet, and tore it with their teeth.                      
  The master horse ordered a sorrel nag, one of his servants, to untie      
the largest of these animals, and take him into the yard. The beast         
and I were brought close together, and our countenances diligently          
compared, both by master and servant, who thereupon repeated several        
times the word Yahoo. My horror and astonishment are not to be              
described, when I observed in this abominable animal a perfect human        
figure: the face of it indeed was flat and broad, the nose                  
depressed, the lips large, and the mouth wide. But these differences        
are common to all savage nations, where the lineaments of the               
countenance are distorted by the natives suffering their infants to         
lie groveling on the earth, or by carrying them on their backs,             
nuzzling with their face against the mother's shoulders. The fore feet      
of the Yahoo differed from my hands in nothing else but the length          
of the nails, the coarseness and brownness of the palms, and the            
hairiness on the backs. There was the same resemblance between our          
feet, with the same differences, which I knew very well, though the         
horses did not, because of my shoes and stockings; the same in every        
part of our bodies, except as to hairiness and color, which I have          
already described.                                                          
  The great difficulty that seemed to stick with the two horses, was        
to see the rest of my body so very different from that of a Yahoo, for      
which I was obliged to my clothes whereof they had no conception.           
The sorrel nag offered me a root, which he held (after their manner,        
as we shall describe in its proper place) between his hoof and              
pastern; I took it in my hand, and having smelt it, returned it to him      
again as civilly as I could. He brought out of the Yahoo's kennel a         
piece of ass's flesh, but it smelt so offensively that I turned from        
it with loathing: he then threw it to the Yahoo, by whom it was             
greedily devoured. He afterwards showed me a wisp of hay, and a             
fetlock full of oats; but I shook my head, to signify that neither          
of these were food for me. And indeed, I now apprehended that I must        
absolutely starve, if I did not get to some of my own species; for          
as to those filthy Yahoos, although there were few greater lovers of        
mankind, at that time, than myself, yet I confess I never saw any           
sensitive being so detestable on all accounts; and the more I came          
near them, the more hateful they grew, while I stayed in that country.      
This the master horse observed by my behavior, and therefore sent           
the Yahoo back to his kennel. He then put his fore hoof to his              
mouth, at which I was much surprised, although he did it with ease,         
and with a motion that appeared perfectly natural, and made other           
signs to know what I would eat; but I could not return him such an          
answer as he was able to apprehend; and if he had understood me, I did      
not see how it was possible to contrive any way for finding myself          
nourishment. While we were thus engaged, I observed a cow passing           
by, whereupon I pointed to her, and expressed a desire to let me go         
and milk her. This had its effect; for he led me back into the              
house, and ordered a mareservant to open a room, where a good store of      
milk lay in earthen and wooden vessels, after a very orderly and            
cleanly manner. She gave me a large bowl full, of which I drank very        
heartily, and found myself well refreshed.                                  
                                                     {P_4|CH_2 ^paragraph 5}
  About noon I saw coming towards the house a kind of vehicle, drawn        
like a sledge by four Yahoos. There was in it an old steed, who seemed      
to be of quality; he alighted with his hind feet forward, having by         
accident got a hurt in his left fore foot. He came to dine with our         
horse, who received him with great civility. They dined in the best         
room, and had oats boiled in milk for the second course, which the old      
horse ate warm, but the rest cold. Their mangers were placed                
circular in the middle of the room, and divided into several                
partitions, round which they sat on their haunches upon bosses of           
straw. In the middle was a large rack with angles answering to every        
partition of the manger; so that each horse and mare ate their own          
hay, and their own mash of oats and milk, with much decency and             
regularity. The behavior of the young colt and foal appeared very           
modest, and that of the master and mistress extremely cheerful and          
complaisant to their guest. The gray ordered me to stand by him, and        
much discourse passed between him and his friend concerning me, as I        
found by the stranger's often looking on me, and the frequent               
repetition of the word Yahoo.                                               
  I happened to wear my gloves, which the master gray observing,            
seemed perplexed, discovering signs of wonder what I had done to my         
fore feet; he put his hoof three or four times to them, as if he would      
signify that I should reduce them to their former shape, which I            
presently did, pulling off both my gloves, and putting them into my         
pocket. This occasioned farther talk, and I saw the company was             
pleased with my behavior, whereof I soon found the good effects. I was      
ordered to speak the few words I understood, and while they were at         
dinner the master taught the names for oats, milk, fire, water, and         
some others; which I could readily pronounce after him, having from my      
youth a great facility in learning languages.                               
  When dinner was done the master horse took me aside, and by signs         
and words made me understand the concern that he was in, that I had         
nothing to eat. Oats in their tongue are called hlunnh. This word I         
pronounced two or three times; for although I had refused them at           
first, yet upon second thoughts I considered that I could contrive          
to make of them a kind of bread, which might be sufficient with milk        
to keep me alive, till I could make my escape to some other country         
and to creatures of my own species. The horse immediately ordered a         
white mare-servant of his family to bring me a good quantity of oats        
in a sort of wooden tray. These I heated before the fire as well as         
I could, and rubbed them till the husks came off, which I made a shift      
to winnow from the grain; I ground and beat them between two stones,        
then took water, and made them into a paste or cake, which I toasted        
at the fire, and ate warm with milk. It was at first a very insipid         
diet, though common enough in many parts of Europe, but grew tolerable      
by time; and having been often reduced to hard fare in my life, this        
was not the first experiment I had made how easily nature is                
satisfied. And I cannot but observe, that I never had one hour's            
sickness while I stayed in this island. 'Tis true, I sometimes made         
a shift to catch a rabbit or bird by springes made of Yahoos' hairs,        
and I often gathered wholesome herbs, which I boiled, or ate as salads      
with my bread, and now and then, for a rarity, I made a little butter,      
and drank the whey. I was at first at a great loss for salt; but            
custom soon reconciled the want of it; and I am confident that the          
frequent use of salt among us is an effect of luxury, and was first         
introduced only as a provocative to drink; except where it is               
necessary for preserving of flesh in long voyages, or in places remote      
from great markets. For we observe no animal to be fond of it but man:      
and as to myself, when I left this country, it was a great while            
before I could endure the taste of it in anything that I ate.               
  This is enough to say upon the subject of my diet, wherewith other        
travelers fill their books, as if the readers were personally               
concerned whether we fared well or ill. However, it necessary to            
mention this matter, lest the world should think it impossible that         
I could find sustenance for three years in such a country, and among        
such inhabitants.                                                           
  When it grew towards evening, the master horse ordered a place for        
me to lodge in; it was but six yards from the house, and separated          
from the stable of the Yahoos. Here I got some straw, and covering          
myself with my own clothes, slept very sound. But I was in a short          
time better accommodated, as the reader shall know hereafter, when I        
come to treat more particularly about my way of living.                     
                                                                            
P_4|CH_3                                                                    
  CHAPTER III                                                               
-                                                                           
  My principal endeavor was to learn the language, which my master          
(for so I shall henceforth call him) and his children, and every            
servant of his house, were desirous to teach me. For they looked            
upon it as a prodigy that a brute animal should discover such marks of      
a rational creature. I pointed to every thing and inquired the name of      
it, which I wrote down in my journal book when I was alone, and             
corrected my bad accent by desiring those of the family to pronounce        
it often. In this employment, a sorrel nag, one of the under servants,      
was ready to assist me.                                                     
  In speaking they pronounce through the nose and throat, and their         
language approaches nearest to the High Dutch or German of any I            
know in Europe; but is much more graceful and significant. The Emperor      
Charles made almost the same observation, when he said that if he were      
to speak to his horse it should be in High Dutch.                           
  The curiosity and impatience of my master were so great, that he          
spent many hours of his leisure to instruct me. He was convinced (as        
he afterwards told me) that I must be a Yahoo, but my teachableness,        
civility, and cleanliness, astonished him; which were qualities             
altogether so opposite to those animals. He was most perplexed about        
my clothes, reasoning sometimes with himself whether they were a            
part of my body; for I never pulled them off till the family were           
asleep, and got them on before they waked in the morning. My master         
was eager to learn from where I came, how I acquired those appearances      
of reason which I discovered in all my actions, and to know my story        
from my own mouth, which he hoped he should soon do by the great            
proficiency I made in learning and pronouncing their words and              
sentences. To help my memory, I formed all I learned into the               
English alphabet, and wrote the words down with the translations. Ibis      
last after some time I ventured to do in my master's presence. It cost      
me much trouble to explain to him what I was doing; for the                 
inhabitants have not the least idea of books or literature.                 
  In about ten weeks time I was able to understand most of his              
questions, and in three months could give him some tolerable                
answers. He was extremely curious to know from what part of the             
country I came, and how I was taught to imitate a rational creature;        
because the Yahoos (whom he saw I exactly resembled in my head, hands,      
and face, that were only visible), with some appearance of cunning,         
and the strongest disposition to mischief, were observed to be the          
most unteachable of all brutes. I answered that I came over the sea         
from a far place, with many others of my own kind, in a great hollow        
vessel made of the bodies of trees. That my companions forced me to         
land on this coast, and then left me to shift for myself. It was            
with some difficulty, and by the help of many signs, that I brought         
him to understand me. He replied, that I must needs be mistaken, or         
that I said the thing which was not. (For they have no word in their        
language to express lying or falsehood.) He knew it was impossible          
that there could be a country beyond the sea, or that a parcel of           
brutes could move a wooden vessel whither they pleased upon water.          
He was sure no Houyhnhnm alive could make such a vessel, nor would          
trust Yahoos to manage it.                                                  
  The word Houyhnhnm, in their tongue, signifies a horse, and in its        
etymology, the perfection of nature. I told my master, that I was at a      
loss for expression, but would improve as fast as I could; and hoped        
in a short time I should be able to tell him wonders: he was pleased        
to direct his own mare, his colt and foal, and the servants of the          
family, to take all opportunities of instructing me, and every day for      
two or three hours he was at the same pains himself. Several horses         
and mares of quality in the neighborhood came often to our house            
upon the report spread of a wonderful Yahoo, that could speak like a        
Houyhnhnm, and seemed in his words and actions to discover some             
glimmerings of reason. These delighted to converse with me: they put        
many questions, and received such answers as I was able to return.          
By all these advantages I made so great a progress that in five months      
from my arrival I understood whatever was spoke, and could express          
myself tolerably well.                                                      
                                                     {P_4|CH_3 ^paragraph 5}
  The Houyhnhnms who came to visit my master with the design of seeing      
and talking with me, could hardly believe me to be a right Yahoo,           
because my body had a different covering from others of my kind.            
They were astonished to observe me without the usual hair or skin,          
except on my head, face, and hands; but I discovered that secret to my      
master, upon an accident which happened about a fortnight before.           
  I have already told the reader, that every night when the family          
were gone to bed it was my custom to strip and cover myself with my         
clothes. It happened one morning early, that my master sent for me          
by the sorrel nag, who was his valet; when he came I was fast               
asleep, my clothes fallen off on one side, and my shirt above my            
waist. I awakened at the noise he made, and observed him to deliver         
his message in some disorder; after which he went to my master, and in      
a great fright gave him a very confused account of what he had seen.        
This I presently discovered; for going as soon as I was dressed to pay      
my attendance upon his Honor, he asked me the meaning of what his           
servant had reported, that I was not the same thing when I slept as         
I appeared to be at other times; that his valet assured him, some part      
of me was white, some yellow, at least not so white, and some brown.        
  I had hitherto concealed the secret of my dress, in order to              
distinguish myself as much as possible from that cursed race of             
Yahoos; but now I found it in vain to do so any longer. Besides, I          
considered that my clothes and shoes would soon wear out, which             
already were in a declining condition, and must be supplied by some         
contrivance from the hides of Yahoos or other brutes; whereby the           
whole secret would be known. I therefore told my master that in the         
country from which I came those of my kind always covered their bodies      
with the hairs of certain animals prepared by art, as well for decency      
as to avoid the inclemencies of air, both hot and cold; of which, as        
to my own person, I would give him immediate conviction, if he pleased      
to command me; only desiring his excuse, if I did not expose those          
parts that nature taught us to conceal. He said my discourse was all        
very strange, but especially the last part; for he could not                
understand why nature should teach us to conceal what nature had            
given. That neither himself nor family were ashamed of any parts of         
their bodies; but however I might do as I pleased. Whereupon I first        
unbuttoned my coat and pulled it off. I did the same with my                
waistcoat; I drew off my shoes, stockings, and breeches. I let my           
shirt down to my waist, and drew up the bottom, fastening it like a         
girdle about my middle to hide my nakedness.                                
  My master observed the whole performance with great signs of              
curiosity and admiration. He took up all my clothes in his pastern,         
one piece after another, and examined them diligently; he then stroked      
my body very gently and looked round me several times, after which          
he said it was plain I must be a perfect Yahoo; but that I differed         
very much from the rest of my species, in the softness and whiteness        
and smoothness of my skin, my want of hair in several parts of my           
body, the shape and shortness of my claws behind and before, and my         
affectation of walking continually on my two hind feet. He desired          
to see no more, and gave me leave to put on my clothes again, for I         
was shuddering with cold.                                                   
  I expressed my uneasiness at his giving me so often the                   
appellation of Yahoo, an odious animal for which I had so utter a           
hatred and contempt. I begged he would forbear applying that word to        
me, and take the same order in his family, and among his friends            
whom he suffered to see me. I requested likewise that the secret of my      
having a false covering to my body might be known to none but himself,      
at least as long as my present clothing should last; for as to what         
the sorrel nag his valet had observed, his Honor might command him          
to conceal it.                                                              
                                                    {P_4|CH_3 ^paragraph 10}
  All this my master very graciously consented to, and thus the secret      
was kept till my clothes began to wear out, which I was forced to           
supply by several contrivances that shall hereafter be mentioned. In        
the meantime he desired I would go on with my utmost diligence to           
learn their language, because he was more astonished at my capacity         
for speech and reason than at the figure of my body, whether it were        
covered or not; adding that he waited with some impatience to hear the      
wonders which I promised to tell him.                                       
  From thenceforward he doubled the pains he had been at to instruct        
me; he brought me into all company, and made them treat me with             
civility, because, as he told them privately, this would put me into        
good humor and make me more diverting.                                      
  Every day when I waited on him, beside the trouble he was at in           
teaching, he would ask me several questions concerning myself, which I      
answered as well as I could; and by these means he had already              
received some general ideas, though very imperfect. It would be             
tedious to relate the several steps by which I advanced to a more           
regular conversation: but the first account I gave of myself in any         
order and length, was to this purpose:                                      
  That I came from a very far country, as I already had attempted to        
tell him, with about fifty more of my own species; that we traveled         
upon the seas, in a great hollow vessel made of wood, and larger            
than his Honor's house. I described the ship to him in the best             
terms I could, and explained by the help of my handkerchief displayed,      
how it was driven forward by the wind. That upon a quarrel among us, I      
was set on shore on this coast, where I walked forward without knowing      
whither, till he delivered me from the persecution of those                 
execrable Yahoos. He asked me who made the ship, and how it was             
possible that the Houyhnhnms of my country would leave it to the            
management of brutes? My answer was that I dare proceed no further          
in my relation, unless he would give me his word and honor that he          
would not be offended, and then I would tell him the wonders I had          
so often promised. He agreed; and I went on by assuring him that the        
ship was made by creatures was myself, who in all the countries I           
had traveled, as well as in my own, were the only governing,                
rational animals; and that upon my arrival here I was as much               
astonished to see the Houyhnhnms act like rational beings, as he or         
his friends could be finding some marks of reason in a creature he was      
pleased to call a Yahoo, to which I owned my resemblance in every           
part, but could not account for their degenerate and brutal nature.         
I said farther that if good fortune ever restored me to my native           
country, to relate my travels here, as I resolved to do, everybody          
would believe that I said the thing which was not; that I invented the      
story out of my own head; and with all possible respect to himself,         
his family and friends, and under his promise of not being offended,        
our countrymen would hardly think it probable, that a Houyhnhnm should      
be the presiding creature of a nation, and a Yahoo the brute.               
                                                                            
P_4|CH_4                                                                    
  CHAPTER IV                                                                
-                                                                           
  My master heard me with great appearances of uneasiness in his            
countenance, because doubting, or not believing, are so little known        
in this country, that the inhabitants cannot tell how to behave             
themselves under such circumstances. And I remember in frequent             
discourses with my master concerning the nature of manhood in other         
parts of the world, having occasion to talk of lying and false              
representation, it was with much difficulty that he comprehended            
what I meant, although he had otherwise a most acute judgment. For          
he argued thus: that the use of speech was to make us understand one        
another, and to receive information of facts; now if anyone said the        
thing which was not, these ends were defeated; because I cannot             
properly be said to understand him; and I am so far from receiving          
information, that he leaves me worse than in ignorance, for I am led        
to believe a thing black when it is white, and short when it is             
long. And these were all the notions he had concerning that faculty of      
lying, so perfectly well understood among human creatures.                  
  To return from this digression; when I asserted that the Yahoos were      
the only governing animals in my country, which my master said was          
altogether past his conception, he desired to know whether we had           
Houyhnhnms among us, and what was their employment: I told him we           
had great numbers, that in summer they grazed in the fields, and in         
winter were kept in houses, with hay and oats, where Yahoo servants         
were employed to rub their skins smooth, comb their manes, pick             
their feet, serve them with food, and make their beds. I understand         
you well, said my master, it is now very plain, from all you have           
spoken, that whatever share of reason the Yahoos pretend to, the            
Houyhnhnms are your masters; I heartily wish our Yahoos would be so         
tractable. I begged his Honor would please to excuse me from                
proceeding any farther, because I was very certain that the account he      
expected from me would be highly displeasing. But he insisted in            
commanding me to let him know the best and the worst: I told him he         
should be obeyed. I owned that the Houyhnhnms among us, whom we called      
horses, were the most generous and comely animals we had, that they         
excelled in strength and swiftness; and when they belonged to               
persons of quality, employed in traveling, racing, or drawing               
chariots, they were treated with much kindness and till they fell into      
diseases or became foundered in the feet; and then they were sold, and      
used to all kind of drudgery till they died; after which their skins        
were stripped and sold for what they were worth, and their bodies left      
to be devoured by dogs and birds of prey. But the common race of            
horses had not so good fortune, being kept by farmers and carriers,         
and other mean people, who put them to great labor, and fed them            
worse. I described, as well as I could, our way of riding, the shape        
and use of a bridle, a saddle, a spur, and a whip, of harness and           
wheels. I added that we fastened plates of a certain hard substance         
called iron at the bottom of their feet, to preserve their hoofs            
from being broken by the stony ways on which we often traveled.             
  My master, after some expressions of great indignation, wondered how      
we dared to venture upon a Houyhnhnm's back, for he was sure that           
the weakest servant in his house would be able to shake off the             
strongest Yahoo, or by lying down and rolling on his back squeeze           
the brute to death. I answered that our horses were trained up from         
three or four years old to the several uses we intended them for; that      
if any of them proved intolerably vicious, they were employed for           
carriages; that they were severely beaten while they were young, for        
any mischievous tricks; that the males, designed for common use of          
riding or draught, were generally castrated about two years after           
their birth, to take down their spirits and make them more tame and         
gentle; that they were indeed sensible of rewards and punishments; but      
his Honor would please to consider, that they had not the least             
tincture of reason any more than the Yahoos in this country.                
  It put me to the pains of many circumlocutions to give my master a        
right idea of what I spoke; for their language does not abound in           
variety of words, because their wants and passions are fewer than           
among us. But it is impossible to represent his noble resentment at         
our savage treatment of the Houyhnhnm race, particularly after I had        
explained the manner and use of castrating horses among us, to              
hinder them from propagating their kind, and to render them more            
servile. He said if it were possible there could be any country             
where Yahoos alone were endued with reason, they certainly must be the      
governing animal, because reason will in time always prevail against        
brutal strength. But considering the frame of our bodies, and               
especially of mine, he thought no creature of equal bulk was so ill         
contrived, for employing that reason in the common offices of life;         
whereupon he desired to know whether those among whom I lived               
resembled me or the Yahoos of his country. I assured him, that I was        
as well shaped as most of my age; but the younger and the females were      
much more soft and tender, and the skins of the latter generally as         
white as milk. He said I differed indeed from other Yahoos, being much      
more cleanly, and not altogether so deformed, but in point of real          
advantage he thought I differed for the worse. That my nails were of        
no use either to my fore or hind feet; as to my fore feet, he could         
not properly call them by that name, for he never observed me to            
walk upon them; that they were too soft to bear the ground; that I          
generally went with them uncovered, neither was the covering I              
sometimes wore on them of the same shape or so strong as that on my         
feet behind. That I could not walk with any security, for if either of      
my hind feet slipped, I must inevitably fall. He then began to find         
fault with other parts of my body, the flatness of my face, the             
prominence of my nose, my eyes placed directly in front, so that I          
could not look on either side without turning my that I was not able        
to feed myself without lifting one of my fore feet to my mouth; and         
therefore nature had placed these joints to answer that necessity.          
He knew not what could be the use of those several clefts and               
divisions in my feet behind; that these were too soft to bear the           
hardness and sharpness of stones without a covering made from the skin      
of some other brute; that my whole body wanted a fence against heat         
cold, which I was forced to put on and off every day with                   
tediousness and trouble. And lastly that he observed every animal in        
this country naturally to abhor the Yahoos, whom the weaker avoided         
and the stronger drove from them. So that supposing us to have the          
gift of reason, he could not see how it were possible to cure that          
natural antipathy which every creature discovered against us; nor           
consequently, how we could tame and render them serviceable.                
However, he would (as he said) debate the matter no farther, because        
he was more desirous to know my own story, the country where I was          
born, and the several actions and events of my life before I came           
here.                                                                       
  I assured him how extremely desirous I was that he should be              
satisfied on every point; but I doubted much whether it would be            
possible for me to explain myself on several subjects whereof his           
Honor could have no conception, because I saw nothing in his country        
to which I could resemble them. That however I would do my best, and        
strive to express myself by similitudes, humbly desiring his                
assistance when I wanted proper words; which he was pleased to promise      
me.                                                                         
                                                     {P_4|CH_4 ^paragraph 5}
  I said my birth was of honest parents in an island called England,        
which was remote from this country, as many days' journey as the            
strongest of his Honor's servants could travel in the annual course of      
the sun. That I was bred a surgeon, whose trade it is to cure wounds        
and hurts in the body, got by accident or violence; that my country         
was governed by a female man, whom we called a Queen. That I left it        
to get riches, whereby I might maintain myself and family when I            
should return. That in my last voyage I was Commander of the ship, and      
had about fifty Yahoos under me, many of which died at sea, and I           
was forced to supply them by others picked out from several nations.        
That our ship was twice in danger of being sunk; the first time by a        
great storm, and the second, by striking against a rock. Here my            
master interposed, by asking me how I could persuade strangers out          
of different countries to venture with me, after the losses I had           
sustained, and the hazards I had run. I said they were fellows of           
desperate fortunes, forced to fly from the places of their birth, on        
account of their poverty or their crimes. Some were undone by               
lawsuits; others spent all they had in drinking, whoring, and gaming;       
others fled for treason; many for murder, theft, poisoning, robbery,        
perjury, forgery, coining false money, for committing rapes or              
sodomy, for flying from their colors, or deserting to the enemy, and        
most of them had broken prison; none of these dared return to their         
native countries for fear of being hanged, or of starving in a jail;        
and therefore were under the necessity of seeking a livelihood in           
other places.                                                               
  During this discourse my master was pleased to interrupt me               
several times; I had made use of many circumlocutions in describing to      
him the nature of the several crimes, for which most of our crew had        
been forced to fly their country. This labor took up several days'          
conversation before he was able to comprehend me. He was wholly at a        
loss to know what could be the use or necessity of practicing those         
vices. To clear up which I endeavored to give some ideas of the desire      
of power and riches, of the terrible effects of lust, intemperance,         
malice and envy. All this I was forced to define and describe by            
putting of cases, and making of suppositions. After which, like one         
whose imagination was struck with something never seen or heard of          
before, he would lift up his eyes with amazement and indignation.           
Power, government, war, law, punishment, and a thousand other things        
had no terms wherein that language could express them, which made           
the difficulty almost insuperable to give my master any conception          
of what I meant. But being of an excellent understanding, much              
improved by contemplation and converse, he at last arrived at a             
competent knowledge of what human nature in our parts of the world          
is capable to perform, and desired I would give him some particular         
account of that land which we call Europe, but especially of my own         
country.                                                                    
                                                                            
P_4|CH_5                                                                    
  CHAPTER V                                                                 
-                                                                           
  The reader may please to observe, that the following extract of many      
conversations I had with my master, contains a summary of the most          
material points which were discoursed at several times for above two        
years; his Honor often desiring fuller satisfaction as I farther            
improved in the Houyhnhnm tongue. I laid before him, as well as I           
could, the whole state of Europe; I discoursed of trade and                 
manufactures, of arts and sciences; and the answers I gave to all           
the questions he made, as they arose upon several subjects, were a          
fund of conversation not to be exhausted. But I shall here only set         
down the substance of what passed between us concerning my own              
country, reducing it into order as well as I can, without any regard        
to time or other circumstances, while I strictly adhere to truth. My        
only concern is that I shall hardly be able to do justice to my             
master's arguments and expressions, which must needs suffer by my want      
of capacity, as well as by a translation into our barbarous English.        
  In obedience therefore to his Honor's commands, I related to him the      
Revolution under the Prince of Orange; the long war with France             
entered into by the said prince, and renewed by his successor the           
present Queen, wherein the greatest powers of Christendom were              
engaged, and which still continued: I computed at his request that          
about a million of Yahoos might have been killed in the whole progress      
of it, and perhaps a hundred or more cities taken, and thrice as            
many ships burnt or sunk.                                                   
  He asked me what were the usual causes or motives that made one           
country go to war with another. I answered they were innumerable,           
but I should only mention a few of the chief. Sometimes the ambition        
of princes, who never think they have land or people enough to govern;      
sometimes the corruption of ministers, who engage their master in a         
war in order to stifle or divert the clamor of the subjects against         
their evil administration. Difference in opinions has cost many             
millions of lives: for instance, whether flesh be bread, or bread be        
flesh; whether the juice of a certain berry be blood or wine;               
whether whistling be vice or a virtue; whether it be better to kiss         
a post, or throw it into the fire; what is the best color for a             
coat, whether black, white, red, or gray; and whether it should be          
long or short, narrow or wide, dirty or clean; with many more. Neither      
are any wars so furious and bloody, or of so long continuance, as           
those occasioned by difference in opinion, especially if it be in           
things indifferent.                                                         
  Sometimes the quarrel between two princes is to which of them             
shall dispossess a third of his dominions, where neither of them            
pretend to any right. Sometimes one prince quarrels with another,           
for fear the other should quarrel with him. Sometimes a war is entered      
upon, because the enemy is too strong, and sometimes because he is too      
weak. Sometimes our neighbors want the things which we have, or have        
the things which we want; and we both fight, till they take ours or         
give us theirs. It is a very justifiable cause of a war to invade a         
country after the people have been wasted by famine, destroyed by           
pestilence, or embroiled by factions among themselves. It is                
justifiable to enter into war against our nearest ally, when one of         
his towns lies convenient for us, or a territory of land, that would        
render our dominions round and complete. If a prince sends forces into      
a nation where the people are poor and ignorant, he may lawfully put        
half of them to death, and make slaves of the rest, in order to             
civilize and reduce them from their barbarous way of living. It is a        
very kingly, honorable, and frequent practice, when one prince desires      
the assistance of another to secure him against an invasion, that           
the assistant, when he has driven out the invader, should seize on the      
dominions himself, and kill, imprison or banish the prince he came          
to relieve. Alliance by blood or marriage is a frequent cause of war        
between princes; and the nearer the kindred is, the greater is their        
disposition to quarrel: poor nations are hungry, and rich nations           
are proud; and pride and hunger will ever be at variance. For these         
reasons, the trade of a soldier is held the most honorable of all           
others; because a soldier is a Yahoo hired to kill in cold blood as         
many of his own species, who have never offended him, as possibly he        
can.                                                                        
  There is likewise a kind of beggarly princes in Europe, not able          
to make war by themselves, who hire out their troops to richer              
nations, for so much a day to each man; of which they keep                  
three-fourths to themselves, and it is the best part of their               
maintenance; such are those in Germany and other northern parts of          
Europe.                                                                     
                                                     {P_4|CH_5 ^paragraph 5}
  What you have told me (said my master) upon the subject of war, does      
indeed discover most admirably the effects of that reason you               
pretend to: however, it is happy that the shame is greater than the         
danger; and that nature has left you utterly uncapable of doing much        
mischief.                                                                   
  For your mouths lying flat with your faces, you can hardly bite each      
other to any purpose, unless by consent. Then as to the claws upon          
your feet before and behind, they are so short and tender, that one of      
our Yahoos would drive a dozen of yours before him. And therefore in        
recounting the numbers of those who have been killed in battle, I           
cannot but think that you have said the thing which is not.                 
  I could not forbear shaking my head and smiling a little at his           
ignorance. And being no stranger to the art of war, I gave him a            
description of cannons, culverins, muskets, carabines, pistols,             
bullets, powder, swords, bayonets, battles, sieges, retreats, attacks,      
undermines, countermines, bombardments, sea fights; ships sunk with         
a thousand men, twenty thousand killed on each side; dying groans,          
limbs flying in the air, smoke, noise, confusion, trampling to death        
under horses' feet; flight, pursuit, victory; fields strewed with           
carcases left for food to dogs, and wolves, and birds of prey;              
plundering, stripping, ravishing, burning, and destroying. And to           
set forth the valor of my own dear countrymen, I assured him that I         
had seen them blow up a hundred enemies at once in a siege, and as          
many in a ship, and beheld the dead bodies come down in pieces from         
the clouds, to the great diversion of the spectators.                       
  I was going on to more particulars, when my master commanded me           
silence. He said whoever understood the nature of Yahoos might              
easily believe it possible for so vile animals to be capable of             
every action I had named, if their strength and cunning squalled their      
malice. But as my discourse had increased his abhorrence of the             
whole species, so he found it gave him a disturbance in his mind, to        
which he was wholly a stranger before. He thought his ears being            
used to such abominable words, might by degrees admit them with less        
detestation. That although he hated the Yahoos of this country, yet he      
no more blamed them for their odious qualities, than he did a gnnayh        
(a bird of prey) for its cruelty, or a sharp stone for cutting his          
hoof. But when a creature pretending to reason could be capable of          
such enormities, he dreaded lest the corruption of that faculty             
might be worse than brutality itself. He seemed therefore confident,        
that instead of reason, we were only possessed of some quality              
fitted to increase our natural vices; as the reflection from a              
troubled stream returns the image of an ill-shapen body, not only           
larger, but more distorted.                                                 
  He added, that he had heard too much upon the subject of war, both        
in this and some former discourses. There was another point which a         
little perplexed him at present. I had informed him, that some of           
our crew left their country on account of being ruined by Law; that         
I had already explained the meaning of the word; but he was at a            
loss how it should come to pass, that the law which was intended for        
every man's preservation, should be any man's ruin. Therefore he            
desired to be further satisfied what I meant by law, and the                
dispensers thereof, according to the present practice in my own             
country; because he thought nature and reason were sufficient guides        
for a reasonable animal, as we pretended to be, in showing us what          
we ought to do, and what to avoid.                                          
                                                    {P_4|CH_5 ^paragraph 10}
  I assured his Honor that law was a science wherein I had not much         
conversed, further than by employing advocates, in vain, upon some          
injustices that had been done me: however, I would give him all the         
satisfaction I was able.                                                    
  I said there was a society of men among us, bred up from their youth      
in the art of proving by words multiplied for the purpose, that             
white is black, and black is white, according as they are paid. To          
this society all the rest of the people are slaves. For example, if my      
neighbor has a mind to my cow, he hires a lawyer to prove that he           
ought to have my cow from me. I must then hire another to defend my         
right, it being against all rules of law that any man should be             
allowed to speak for himself. Now in this case I who am the right           
owner lie under two great disadvantages. First, my lawyer, being            
practiced almost from his cradle in defending falsehood, is quite           
out of his element when he would be an advocate for justice, which          
as an office unnatural, he always attempts with great awkwardness if        
not with ill-will. The second disadvantage is that my lawyer must           
proceed with great caution, or else he will be reprimanded by the           
judges, and abhorred by his brethren, as one that would lessen the          
practice of the law. And therefore I have but two methods to                
preserve my cow. The first is to gain over my adversary's lawyer            
with a double fee, who will then betray his client by insinuating that      
he has justice on his side. The second way is for my lawyer to make my      
cause appear as unjust as he can by the cow to belong to my adversary:      
and this, if it be skillfully done will certainly bespeak the favor of      
the bench.                                                                  
  Now, your Honour is to know that these judges an appointed to decide      
all controversies of property, as well as for the trial of                  
criminals, and picked out from the most dexterous lawyers, who are          
grown old or lazy, and having been biassed all their lives against          
truth and equity, are under such a fatal necessity of favoring              
fraud, perjury, and oppression, that I have known several of them           
refuse a large bribe from the side where justice lay, rather than           
injure the faculty, by doing any thing unbecoming their nature or           
their office.                                                               
  It is a maxim among these lawyers, that whatever has been done            
before may legally be done again: and therefore they take special care      
to record all the decisions formerly made against common justice and        
the general reason of mankind. These, under the name of precedents,         
they produce as authorities, to justify the most iniquitous                 
opinions; and the judges never fail of directing accordingly.               
  In pleading they studiously avoid entering into the merits of the         
cause, but are loud, violent, and tedious in dwelling upon all              
circumstances which are not to the purpose. For instance, in the            
case already mentioned, they never desire to know what claim or             
title my adversary has to my cow; but whether the said cow were red or      
black, her horns long or short, whether the field I graze her in be         
round or square, whether she was milked at home or abroad, what             
diseases she is subject to, and the like; after which they consult          
precedents, adjourn the cause from time to time, and in ten, twenty,        
or thirty years, come to an issue.                                          
                                                    {P_4|CH_5 ^paragraph 15}
  It is likewise to be observed, that this society has a peculiar cant      
and jargon of their own, that no other mortal can understand, and           
wherein all their laws are written, which they take special care to         
multiply; whereby they have wholly confounded the very essence of           
truth and falsehood, of right and wrong; so that it will take thirty        
years to decide whether the field left me by my ancestors for six           
generations belongs to me, or to a stranger three hundred miles off.        
  In the trial of persons accused for crimes against the state the          
method is much more short and commendable: the judge first sends to         
sound the disposition of those in power, after which he can easily          
hang or save the criminal, strictly preserving all due forms of law.        
  Here my master interposing, said it was a pity that creatures             
endowed with such prodigious abilities of mind as these lawyers, by         
the description I gave of them, must certainly be, were not rather          
encouraged to be instructors of others in wisdom and knowledge. In          
answer to which I assured his Honor that in all points out of their         
own trade, they were usually the most ignorant and stupid generation        
among us, the most despicable in common conversation, avowed enemies        
to all knowledge and learning, and equally to pervert the general           
reason of mankind in every other subject of discourse, as in that of        
their own profession.                                                       
                                                                            
P_4|CH_6                                                                    
  CHAPTER VI                                                                
-                                                                           
  My master was yet wholly at a loss to understand what motives             
could incite this race of lawyers to perplex, disquiet, and weary           
themselves, and engage in a confederacy of injustice, merely for the        
sake of injuring their fellow animals; neither could he comprehend          
what I meant in saying they did it for hire. Whereupon I was at much        
pains to describe to him the use of money, the materials it was made        
of, and the value of the metals; that when a Yahoo had got a great          
store of this precious substance, he was able to purchase whatever          
he had a mind to; the finest clothing, the noblest houses, great            
tracts of land, the most costly meats and drinks, and have his              
choice of the most beautiful females. Therefore since money alone           
was able to perform all these feats, our Yahoos thought they could          
never have enough of it to spend or save, as they found themselves          
inclined from their natural bent either to profusion or avarice.            
That the rich man enjoyed the fruit of the poor man's labor, and the        
latter were a thousand to one in proportion to the former. That the         
bulk of our people were forced to live miserably, by laboring every         
day for small wages to make a few live plentifully. I enlarged              
myself much on these and many other particulars to the same purpose;        
but his Honor was still to seek; for he went upon a supposition that        
all animals had a title to their share in the productions of the            
earth, and especially those who presided over the rest. Therefore he        
desired I would let him know what these costly meats were, and how any      
of us happened to want them. Whereupon I enumerated as many sorts as        
came into my head, with the various methods of dressing them, which         
could not be done without sending vessels by sea to every part of           
the world, as well for liquors to drink, as for sauces, and                 
innumerable other conveniences. I assured him that this whole globe of      
earth must be at least three times gone round, before one of our            
better female Yahoos could get her breakfast or a cup to put it in. He      
said that must needs be a miserable country which cannot furnish            
food for its own inhabitants. But what he chiefly wondered at, was how      
such vast tracts of ground as I described should be wholly without          
fresh water, and the people put to the necessity of sending over the        
sea for drink. I replied that England (the dear place of my                 
nativity) was computed to produce three times the quantity of food,         
more than its inhabitants are able to consume, as well as liquors           
extracted from grain, or pressed out of the fruit of certain trees,         
which made excellent drink, and the same proportion in every other          
convenience of life. But, in order to feed the luxury and intemperance      
of the males, and the vanity of the females, we sent away the greatest      
part of our necessary things to other countries, from whence in return      
we brought the materials of diseases, folly, and vice, to spend             
among ourselves. Hence it follows of necessity that vast numbers of         
our people are compelled to seek their livelihood by begging, robbing,      
stealing, cheating, pimping, forswearing, flattering, suborning,            
forging, gaming, lying, fawning, hectoring, voting, scribbling,             
star-gazing, poisoning, whoring, canting, libeling, free thinking, and      
the like occupations: every one of which terms, I was at much pains to      
make him understand.                                                        
  That wine was not imported among us from foreign countries, to            
supply the want of water or other drinks, but because it was a sort of      
liquid which made us merry by putting us out of our senses, diverted        
all melancholy thoughts, begat wild extravagant imaginations in the         
brain, raised our hopes, and banished our fears, suspended every            
office of reason for a time, and deprived us of the use of our              
limbs, till we fell into a profound sleep; although it must be              
confessed, that we always awoke sick and dispirited and that the use        
of this liquor filled us with diseases, which made our lives                
uncomfortable and short.                                                    
  But beside all this, the bulk of our people supported themselves          
by furnishing the necessities or conveniences of life to the rich, and      
to each other. For instance, when I am at home and dressed as I             
ought to be, I carry on my body the workmanship of a hundred                
tradesmen; the building and furniture of my house employ as many more,      
and five times the number to adorn my wife.                                 
  I was going on to tell him of another sort of people, who get             
their livelihood by attending the sick, having upon some occasions          
informed his Honor that many of my crew had died of diseases. But here      
it was with the utmost difficulty that I brought him to apprehend what      
I meant. He could easily conceive that a Houyhnhnm grew weak and heavy      
a few days before his death, or by some accident might hurt a limb.         
But that nature, who works all things to perfection, should suffer any      
pains to breed in our bodies, he thought impossible, and desired to         
know the reason of so unaccountable an evil. I told him we fed on a         
thousand things which operated contrary to each other; that we ate          
when we were not hungry, and drank without the provocation of               
thirst; that we sat whole nights strong liquors without eating a            
bit, which disposed us to sloth, inflamed our bodies, and precipitated      
or prevented digestion. That prostitute female Yahoos acquired a            
certain malady, which bred rottenness in the bones of those who fell        
into their embraces; that this and many other diseases were propagated      
from father to son, so that great numbers come into the world with          
complicated maladies upon them; that it would be endless to give him a      
catalogue of all diseases incident to human bodies; for they could not      
be fewer than five or six hundred, spread over every limb and joint;        
in short, every part, external and intestine, having diseases               
appropriated to them. To remedy which there was a sort of people            
bred up among us, in the profession or pretense of curing the sick.         
And because I had some skill in the faculty, I would in gratitude to        
his Honor let him know the whole mystery and method by which they           
proceed.                                                                    
  Their fundamental is that all diseases arise from repletion, from         
which they conclude that a great evacuation of the body is                  
necessary, either through the natural passage or upwards at the mouth.      
Their next business is from herbs, minerals, gums, oils, shells,            
salts, juices, seaweed, excrements, barks of trees, serpents, toads,        
frogs, spiders, dead men's flesh and bone, birds, beasts and fishes,        
to form a composition for smell and taste the most abominable,              
nauseous and detestable they can possibly contrive, which the               
stomach immediately rejects with loathing; and this they call a vomit;      
or else from the same storehouse, with some other poisonous additions,      
they command us to take in at the orifice above or below (just as           
the physician then happens to be disposed) a medicine equally annoying      
and disgustful to the bowels; which relaxing the belly, drives down         
all before it, and this they call a purge or a cluster. For nature (as      
the physicians allege) having intended the superior anterior orifice        
only for the intromission of solids and liquids, and the inferior           
posterior for ejection, these artists ingeniously considering that          
in all diseases nature is forced out of her seat, therefore to replace      
her in it the body must be treated in a manner directly contrary, by        
interchanging the use of each orifice, forcing solids and liquids in        
at the anus, and making evacuations at the mouth.                           
                                                     {P_4|CH_6 ^paragraph 5}
  But besides real diseases we are subject to many that are only            
imaginary, for which the physicians have invented imaginary cures;          
these have their several names, and so have the drugs that are              
proper for them, and with these our female Yahoos are always infested.      
  One great excellency in this tribe is their skiff at prognostics,         
wherein they seldom fail; their predictions in real diseases, when          
they rise to any degree of malignity, generally portending death,           
which is always in their power, when recovery is not: and therefore,        
upon any unexpected signs of amendment, after they have pronounced          
their sentence, rather than be accused as false prophets, they know         
how to approve their sagacity to the world by a seasonable dose.            
  They are likewise of special use to husbands and wives who are grown      
weary of their mates, to eldest sons, to great ministers of state, and      
often to princes.                                                           
  I had formerly upon occasion discoursed with my master upon the           
nature of government in general, and particularly of our own excellent      
constitution, deservedly the wonder and envy of the whole world. But        
having here accidentally mentioned a minister of state, he commanded        
me some time after to inform him what species of Yahoo I                    
particularly meant by that appellation.                                     
  I told him that a First or Chief Minister of State, who was the           
person I intended to describe, was a creature wholly exempt from joy        
and grief, love and hatred, pity and anger; at least made use of no         
other passions but a violent desire of wealth, power, and titles; that      
he applies his words to all uses, except to the indication of his           
mind; that he never tells a truth but with an intent that you should        
take it for a lie; nor a lie but with a design that you should take it      
for a truth; that those he speaks worst of behind their backs are in        
the surest way of preferment; and whenever he begins to praise you          
to others or to yourself, you are from that day forlorn. The worst          
mark you can receive is a promise, especially when it is confirmed          
with an oath; after which every wise man retires, and gives over all        
hopes.                                                                      
                                                    {P_4|CH_6 ^paragraph 10}
  There are three methods by which a man may rise to be chief               
minister: the first is by knowing how with prudence to dispose of a         
wife, a daughter, or a sister: the second, by betraying or undermining      
his predecessor: and the third is by a furious zeal in public               
assemblies against the corruptions of the court. But a wise prince          
would rather choose to employ those who practice the last of these          
methods; because such zealots prove always the most obsequious and          
subservient to the will and passions of their master. That these            
ministers having all employments at their disposal, preserve                
themselves in power by bribing the majority of a senate or great            
council; and at last, by an expedient called an Act of Indemnity            
(whereof I described the nature to him) they secure themselves from         
after reckonings, and retire from the public, laden with the spoils of      
the nation.                                                                 
  The palace of a chief minister is a seminary to breed up others in        
his own trade: the pages, lackeys, and porter, by imitating their           
master, become ministers of state in their several districts, and           
learn to excel in the three principal ingredients of insolence, lying,      
and bribery. Accordingly they have a subaltern court paid to them by        
persons of the best rank, and sometimes by the force of dexterity           
and impudence arrive through several gradations to be successors to         
their lord.                                                                 
  He is usually governed by a decayed wench or favorite footman, who        
are the tunnels through which all graces are conveyed, and may              
properly be called, in the last resort, the governors of the kingdom.       
  One day in discourse my master, having heard me mention the nobility      
of my country, was pleased to make me a compliment which I could not        
pretend to deserve: that he was sure I must have been born of some          
noble family, because I far exceeded in shape, color, and cleanliness,      
all the Yahoos of his nation, although I seemed to fail in strength         
and agility, which must be imputed to my different way of living            
from those other brutes; and besides I was not only endowed with the        
faculty of speech, but likewise with some rudiments of reason, to a         
degree that with all his acquaintance I passed for a prodigy.               
  He made me observe, that among the Houyhnhnms, the white, the             
sorrel, and the iron grey were not so exactly shaped as the bay, the        
dapple grey, and the black; nor born with equal talents of the mind,        
or a capacity to improve them; and therefore continued always in the        
condition of servants, without ever aspiring to match out of their own      
race, which in that country would be reckoned monstrous and unnatural.      
                                                    {P_4|CH_6 ^paragraph 15}
  I made his Honor my most humble acknowledgments for the good opinion      
he was pleased to conceive of me; but assured him at the same time          
that my birth was of the lower sort, having been born of plain              
honest parents, who were just able to give me a tolerable education;        
that nobility among us was altogether a different thing from the            
idea he had of it; that our young noblemen are bred from their              
childhood in idleness and luxury; that as soon as years will permit,        
they consume their vigor and contract odious diseases among lewd            
females; and when their fortunes are almost ruined, they marry some         
woman of mean birth, disagreeable person, and unsound constitution,         
merely for the sake of money, whom they hate and despise. That the          
productions of such marriages are generally scrofulous, rickety, or         
deformed children; by which means the family seldom continues above         
three generations, unless the wife takes care to provide a healthy          
father among her neighbors or domestics, in order to improve and            
continue the breed. That a weak diseased body, a meagre countenance,        
and sallow complexion, are the true marks of noble blood; and a             
healthy robust appearance is so disgraceful in a man of quality,            
that the world concludes his real father to have been a groom or a          
coachman. The imperfections of his mind run parallel with those of his      
body, being a composition of spleen, dullness, ignorance, caprice,          
sensuality and pride.                                                       
  Without the consent of this illustrious body no law can be                
enacted, repealed, or altered; and these have the decision of all           
our possessions without appeal.                                             
                                                                            
P_4|CH_7                                                                    
  CHAPTER VII                                                               
-                                                                           
  The reader may be disposed to wonder how I could prevail on myself        
to give so free a representation of my own species, among a race of         
mortals who were already too apt to conceive the vilest opinion of          
human kind, from that entire congruity betwixt me and their Yahoos.         
But I must freely confess that the many virtues of those excellent          
quadrupeds placed in opposite view to human corruptions, had so far         
opened my eyes and enlarged my understanding, that I began to view the      
actions and passions of man in a very different light, and to think         
the honor of my own kind not worth managing; which, besides, it was         
impossible for me to do before a person of so acute a judgment as my        
master, who daily convinced me of a thousand faults in myself, whereof      
I had not the least perception before, and which among us would             
never be numbered even among human infirmities. I had likewise learned      
from his example an utter detestation of all falsehood or disguise,         
and truth appeared so amiable to me, that I determined upon                 
sacrificing everything to it.                                               
  Let me deal so candidly with the reader as to confess that there was      
yet a much stronger motive for the freedom I took in my representation      
of things. I had not been a year in this country before I contracted        
such a love and veneration for the inhabitants, that I entered on a         
firm resolution never to return to human kind, but to pass the rest of      
my life among these admirable Houyhnhnms in the contemplation and           
practice of every virtue; where I could have no example or                  
incitement to vice. But it was decreed by fortune, my perpetual enemy,      
that so great a felicity should not fall to my share. However, it is        
now some comfort to reflect that in what I said of my countrymen I          
extenuated their faults as much as I dared before so strict an              
examiner, and upon every article gave as favorable a turn as the            
matter would bear. For indeed who is there alive that will not be           
swayed by his bias and partiality to the place of his birth?                
  I have related the substance of several conversations I had with          
my master, during the greatest part of the time I had the honor to          
be in his service, but have indeed for brevity sake omitted much            
more than is here set down.                                                 
  When I had answered all his questions, and his curiosity seemed to        
be fully satisfied, he sent for me one morning early, and commanding        
me to sit down at some distance (an honor which he had never before         
conferred upon me), he said he had been very seriously considering          
my whole story, as far as it related both to myself and my country;         
that he looked upon us as sort of animals to whose share, by what           
accident he could not conjecture, some small pittance of reason had         
fallen, whereof we made no other use than by its assistance to              
aggravate our natural corruptions, and to acquire new ones which            
nature had not given us. That we disarmed ourselves of the few              
abilities she had bestowed, had been very successful in multiplying         
our original wants, and seemed to spend our whole lives in vain             
endeavors to supply them by our own inventions. That as to myself,          
it was manifest I had neither the strength or agility of a common           
Yahoo, that I walked infirmly on my hinder feet, had found out a            
contrivance to make my claws of no use or defense, and to remove the        
hair from my chin, which was intended as a shelter from the sun and         
the weather. Lastly, that I could neither run with speed, nor climb         
trees like my brethren (as he called them) the Yahoos in this country.      
  That our institutions of government and law were plainly owing to         
our gross defects in reason, and by consequence, in virtue; because         
reason alone is sufficient to govern a rational creature; which was         
therefore a character we had no pretense to challenge, even from the        
account I had given of my own people; although he manifestly perceived      
that in order to favor them I had concealed many particulars, and           
often said the thing which was not.                                         
                                                     {P_4|CH_7 ^paragraph 5}
  He was the more confirmed in this opinion, because he observed            
that as I agreed in every feature of my body with other Yahoos, except      
where it was to my real disadvantage in point of strength, speed and        
activity, the shortness of my claws, and some other particulars             
