small pimple on the side of his nose to the poorish  cut  of  his
dressing  gown,  there  was no aspect of Arthur Dent which wasn't
lambasted and vilified by the sculptor.
Arthur appeared as  a  gorgon,  an  evil,  rapacious,  ravenning,
bloodied  ogre,  slaughtering his way through an innocent one-man
Universe.
With each of the thirty arms which  the  sculptor  in  a  fit  of
artistic  fervour had decided to give him, he was either braining
a rabbit, swatting a fly, pulling a wishbone, picking a flea  out
of  his  hair,  or  doing something which Arthur at first looking
couldn't quite identify.
His many feet were mostly stamping on ants.
Arthur put his hands over his eyes, hung his head  and  shook  it
slowly  from  side to side in sadness and horror at the craziness
of things.
And when he opened his eyes again, there in front  of  him  stood
the  figure  of  the man or creature, or whatever it was, that he
had supposedly been persecuting all this time.
"HhhhhhrrrrrraaaaaaHHHHHH!" said Agrajag.
He, or it, or whatever, looked like a mad  fat  bat.  He  waddled
slowly around Arthur, and poked at him with bent claws.
"Look ...!" protested Arthur.
"HhhhhhrrrrrraaaaaaHHHHHH!!!"  explained  Agrajag,   and   Arthur
reluctantly  accepted  this  on  the  grounds  that he was rather
frightened by this hideous and strangely wrecked apparition.
Agrajag was black, bloated, wrinkled and leathery.
His batwings were somehow more frightening for being the pathetic
broken floundering things they were that if they had been strong,
muscular beaters of the air. The frightening thing  was  probably
the  tenacity of his continued existence against all the physical
odds.
He had the most astounding collection of teeth.
They looked as if they each  came  from  a  completely  different
animal,  and  they  were  ranged around his mouth at such bizarre
angles it seemed that if he ever actually tried to chew  anything
he'd  lacerate  half his own face along with it, and possibly put
an eye out as well.
Each of his three eyes was small and intense and looked about  as
sane as a fish in a privet bush.
"I was at a cricket match," he rasped.
This seemed on the face of it such  a  preposterous  notion  that
Arthur practically choked.
"Not in this body," screeched the creature, "not  in  this  body!
This  is  my last body. My last life. This is my revenge body. My
kill-Arthur-Dent body. My last chance. I had to fight to get  it,
too."
"But ..."
"I was at," roared Agrajag, "a cricket match! I had a weak  heart
condition,  but  what,  I  said to my wife, can happen to me at a
cricket match? As I'm watching, what happens?
"Two people quite maliciously appear out  of  thin  air  just  in
front  of  me.  The  last thing I can't help but notice before my
poor heart gives out in shock is that one of them is Arthur  Dent
wearing a rabbit bone in his beard. Coincidence?"
"Yes," said Arthur.
"Coincidence?" screamed the  creature,  painfully  thrashing  its
broken  wings, and opening a short gash on its right cheek with a
particularly nasty tooth. On closer  examination,  such  as  he'd
been  hoping to avoid, Arthur noticed that much of Agrajag's face
was covered with ragged strips of black sticky plasters.
He backed away nervously. He tugged at his beard. He was appalled
to  discover  that in fact he still had the rabbit bone in it. He
pulled it out and threw it away.
"Look," he said, "it's just fate playing silly buggers with  you.
With me. With us. It's a complete coincidence."
"What have you got  against  me,  Dent?"  snarled  the  creature,
advancing on him in a painful waddle.
"Nothing," insisted Arthur, "honestly, nothing."
Agrajag fixed him with a beady stare.
"Seems a strange way to relate to  somebody  you've  got  nothing
against,  killing them all the time. Very curious piece of social
interaction, I would call that. I'd also call it a lie!"
"But look," said Arthur, "I'm very sorry. There's been a terrible
misunderstanding. I've got to go. Have you got a clock? I'm meant
to be helping save the Universe." He backed away still further.
Agrajag advanced still further.
"At one point," he hissed, "at one point, I decided to  give  up.
Yes,  I would not come back. I would stay in the netherworld. And
what happened?"
Arthur indicated with random shakes of his head that  he  had  no
idea  and  didn't want to have one either. He found he had backed
up against the cold dark stone that had been carved by  who  knew
what  Herculean  effort  into a monstrous travesty of his bedroom
slippers. He glanced up at his own  horrendously  parodied  image
towering  above  him.  He was still puzzled as to what one of his
hands was meant to be doing.
"I got  yanked  involuntarily  back  into  the  physical  world,"
pursued  Agrajag,  "as  a  bunch  of petunias. In, I might add, a
bowl. This particularly happy little lifetime  started  off  with
me,  in  my  bowl,  unsupported,  three  hundred  miles above the
surface of a particularly grim planet. Not  a  naturally  tenable
position  for  a  bowl of petunias, you might think. And you'd be
right. That life ended a very short while  later,  three  hundred
miles  lower.  In, I might add, the fresh wreckage of a whale. My
spirit brother."
He leered at Arthur with renewed hatred.
"On the way down,"  he  snarled,  "I  couldn't  help  noticing  a
flashy-looking white spaceship. And looking out of a port on this
flashy-looking  spaceship  was  a   smug-looking   Arthur   Dent.
Coincidence?!!"
"Yes!" yelped Arthur. He glanced up again, and realized that  the
arm that had puzzled him was represented as wantonly calling into
existence a bowl of doomed petunias. This was not a concept which
leapt easily to the eye.
"I must go," insisted Arthur.
"You may go," said Agrajag, "after I have killed you."
"No, that won't be any use," explained Arthur, beginning to climb
up  the hard stone incline of his carved slipper, "because I have
to save the Universe, you see. I have  to  find  a  Silver  Bail,
that's the point. Tricky thing to do dead."
"Save the Universe!" spat Agrajag with contempt. "You should have
thought of that before you started your vendetta against me! What
about the time you were on Stavromula Beta and someone ..."
"I've never been there," said Arthur.
"... tried to assassinate you and you ducked. Who  do  you  think
the bullet hit? What did you say?"
"Never been there," repeated Arthur. "What are you talking about?
I have to go."
Agrajag stopped in his tracks.
"You must have been there. You  were  responsible  for  my  death
there, as everywhere else. An innocent bystander!" He quivered.
"I've never heard of the place," insisted Arthur. "I've certainly
never had anyone try to assassinate me. Other than you. Perhaps I
go there later, do you think?"
Agrajag blinked slowly in a kind of frozen logical horror.
"You haven't been to Stavromula Beta ... yet?" he whispered.
"No," said Arthur,  "I  don't  know  anything  about  the  place.
Certainly never been to it, and don't have any plans to go."
"Oh, you go there all right," muttered Agrajag in a broken voice,
"you go there all right. Oh zark!" he tottered, and stared wildly
about him at his huge Cathedral of Hate. "I've brought  you  here
too soon!"
He started to scream and  bellow.  "I've  brought  you  here  too
zarking soon!"
Suddenly he rallied, and turned a baleful, hating eye on Arthur.
"I'm going to kill you  anyway!"  he  roared.  "Even  if  it's  a
logical impossibility I'm going to zarking well try! I'm going to
blow this whole mountain up!" He screamed, "Let's see you get out
of this one, Dent!"
He rushed in a painful waddling hobble to what appeared to  be  a
small black sacrificial altar. He was shouting so wildly now that
he was really carving his face up badly. Arthur leaped down  from
his  vantage  place on the carving of his own foot and ran to try
to restrain the three-quarters-crazed creature.
He leaped upon him, and brought the strange monstrosity  crashing
down on top of the altar.
Agrajag screamed again, thrashed wildly for a brief  moment,  and
turned a wild eye on Arthur.
"You know what you've done?" he gurgled painfully.  "You've  only
gone  and  killed  me  again.  i  mean, what do you want from me,
blood?"
He thrashed again  in  a  brief  apoplectic  fit,  quivered,  and
collapsed, smacking a large red button on the altar as he did so.
Arthur started with horror and fear, first at what he appeared to
have  done,  and  then at the loud sirens and bells that suddenly
shattered the air  to  announce  some  clamouring  emergency.  He
stared wildly around him.
The only exit appeared to be  the  way  he  came  in.  He  pelted
towards  it,  throwing away the nasty fake leopard-skin bag as he
did so.
He dashed randomly, haphazardly through the labyrinthine maze, he
seemed  to  be pursued more and more fiercely by claxons, sirens,
flashing lights.
Suddenly, he turned a corner and there was a light  in  front  of
him.
It wasn't flashing. It was daylight.
=================================================================
Chapter 19
Although it has been said that on Earth alone in  our  Galaxy  is
Krikkit  (or cricket) treated as fit subject for a game, and that
for this reason the Earth has been shunned, this does only  apply
to our Galaxy, and more specifically to our dimension. In some of
the higher dimensions they feel they  can  more  or  less  please
themselves, and have been playing a peculiar game called Brockian
Ultra-Cricket for whatever their transdimensional  equivalent  of
billions of years is.
 "Let's be blunt, it's a nasty  game"  (says  The  Hitch  Hiker's
Guide  to the Galaxy) "but then anyone who has been to any of the
higher dimensions will know that they're a pretty  nasty  heathen
lot  up  there  who should just be smashed and done in, and would
be, too, if anyone could work out a way  of  firing  missiles  at
right-angles to reality."
This is another example of the fact that The Hitch Hiker's  Guide
to  the  Galaxy will employ anybody who wants to walk straight in
off the street and get ripped off, especially if they  happen  to
walk in off the street during the afternoon, when very few of the
regular staff are there.
There is a fundamental point here.
The history of The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy  is  one  of
idealism,  struggle,  despair,  passion,  success,  failure,  and
enormously long lunch-breaks.
The earliest origins of the Guide are now, along with most of its
financial records, lost in the mists of time.
For other, and more curious theories about where they  are  lost,
see below.
Most of the surviving  stories,  however,  speak  of  a  founding
editor called Hurling Frootmig.
Hurling Frootmig, it is said, founded the Guide, established  its
fundamental principles of honesty and idealism, and went bust.
There followed many years of penury  and  heart-searching  during
which  he  consulted  friends,  sat  in darkened rooms in illegal
states of mind, thought about this and that,  fooled  about  with
weights,  and  then,  after  a  chance  encounter  with  the Holy
Lunching Friars of Voondon (who claimed that just as lunch was at
the  centre of a man's temporal day, and man's temporal day could
be seen as an analogy for his spiritual life, so Lunch should
(a) be seen as the centre of a man's spiritual life, and
(b) be held in jolly nice restaurants), he refounded  the  Guide,
laid  down its fundamental principles of honesty and idealism and
where you could stuff them both, and led  the  Guide  on  to  its
first major commercial success.
He also started to develop and explore the role of the  editorial
lunch-break which was subsequently to play such a crucial part in
the Guide's history, since it meant that most of the actual  work
got  done by any passing stranger who happened to wander into the
empty offices on an afternoon and saw something worth doing.
Shortly  after  this,  the  Guide  was  taken  over  by  Megadodo
Publications  of Ursa Minor Beta, thus putting the whole thing on
a very sound financial footing, and allowing the  fourth  editor,
Lig Lury Jr, to embark on lunch-breaks of such breathtaking scope
that even  the  efforts  of  recent  editors,  who  have  started
undertaking  sponsored  lunch-breaks  for charity, seem like mere
sandwiches in comparison.
In fact, Lig never formally resigned his editorship -  he  merely
left  his  office  late one morning and has never since returned.
Though well over a century has now passed, many  members  of  the
guide  staff  still retain the romantic notion that he has simply
popped out for a ham croissant, and will yet return to put  in  a
solid afternoon's work.
Strictly speaking, all editors since Lig Lury Jr  have  therefore
been designated Acting Editors, and Lig's desk is still preserved
the way he left it, with the addition of a small sign which  says
"Lig Lury Jr, Editor, Missing, presumed Fed".
Some very scurrilous and subversive sources hint at the idea that
Lig   actually   perished  in  the  Guide's  first  extraordinary
experiments in alternative book-keeping. Very little is known  of
this,  and  less  still  said. Anyone who even notices, let alone
calls attention  to,  the  curious  but  utter  coincidental  and
meaningless fact that every world on which the Guide has ever set
up an accounting department has shortly  afterwards  perished  in
warfare  or  some  natural  disaster,  is  liable  to get sued to
smithereens.
It is an interesting though utterly unrelated fact that  the  two
or three days prior to the demolition of the planet Earth to make
way for a new hyperspace bypass saw a  dramatic  upsurge  in  the
number  of  UFO  sightings  there,  not  only above Lords Cricket
Ground in St. John's Wood, London, but also above Glastonbury  in
Somerset.
Glastonbury had long been associated with myths of ancient kings,
witchcraft,  ley-lines  an wart curing, and had now been selected
as the site for the new Hitch  Hiker's  Guide  financial  records
office,  and  indeed,  ten years' worth of financial records were
transferred to a magic hill just  outside  the  city  mere  hours
before the Vogons arrived.
None of these facts,  however  strange  or  inexplicable,  is  as
strange  or  inexplicable  as  the  rules of the game of Brockian
Ultra-Cricket, as played in the higher dimensions. A full set  of
rules  is  so  massively complicated that the only time they were
all  bound  together  in  a   single   volume,   they   underwent
gravitational collapse and became a Black Hole.
A brief summary, however, is as follows:
Rule One: Grow at least three extra legs. You  won't  need  them,
but it keeps the crowds amused.
Rule Two: Find one good Brockian Ultra-Cricket player. Clone  him
off  a  few  times.  This  saves  an  enormous  amount of tedious
selection and training.
Rule Three: Put your team and the opposing team in a large  field
and build a high wall round them.
The reason for this is that, though the game is a major spectator
sport,  the  frustration  experienced  by  the  audience  at  not
actually being able to see what's going on leads them to  imagine
that it's a lot more exciting than it really is. A crowd that has
just watched a rather humdrum game  experiences  far  less  life-
affirmation  than  a  crowd  that believes it has just missed the
most dramatic event in sporting history.
Rule Four: Throw lots of assorted  items  of  sporting  equipment
over  the  wall for the players. Anything will do - cricket bats,
basecube bats, tennis guns, skis, anything you  can  get  a  good
swing with.
Rule Five: The players should now lay about  themselves  for  all
they are worth with whatever they find to hand. Whenever a player
scores a "hit" on another player, he should immediately run  away
and apologize from a safe distance.
Apologies should be concise, sincere and, for maximum clarity and
points, delivered through a megaphone.
Rule Six: The winning team shall be the first team that wins.
Curiously enough, the more the obsession with the game  grows  in
the higher dimensions, the less it is actually played, since most
of the competing teams are now in a state  of  permanent  warfare
with  each  other over the interpretation of these rules. This is
all for the best, because in the long run a  good  solid  war  is
less  psychologically damaging than a protracted game of Brockian
Ultra-Cricket.
=================================================================
Chapter 20
As Arthur ran darting, dashing and panting down the side  of  the
mountain  he  suddenly  felt  the whole bulk of the mountain move
very, very slightly beneath him. There was a rumble, a roar,  and
a  slight  blurred  movement,  and a lick of heat in the distance
behind and above him. He ran in a frenzy of fear. The land  began
to  slide, and he suddenly felt the force of the word "landslide"
in a way which had never been apparent  to  him  before.  It  had
always  just  been  a  word  to  him, but now he was suddenly and
horribly aware that sliding is a strange and sickening thing  for
land to do. It was doing it with him on it. He felt ill with fear
and shaking. The ground slid, the mountain slurred,  he  slipped,
he fell, he stood, he slipped again and ran. The avalance began.
Stones, then rocks, then boulders which  pranced  past  him  like
clumsy  puppies,  only  much,  much bigger, much, much harder and
heavier, and almost infinitely more likely to kill  you  if  they
fell  on you. His eyes danced with them, his feet danced with the
dancing ground. He ran as if  running  was  a  terrible  sweating
sickness,  his  heart  pounded  to  the  rhythm  of  the pounding
geological frenzy around him.
The logic of the situation, i.e. that he  was  clearly  bound  to
survive  if  the  next  foreshadowed  incident in the saga of his
inadvertent persecution of Agrajag was  to  happen,  was  utterly
failing to impinge itself on his mind or exercise any restraining
influence on him at this time. He ran with the fear of  death  in
him, under him, over him and grabbing hold of his hair.
And suddenly he tripped again  and  was  hurled  forward  by  his
considerable  momentum.  But just at the moment that he was about
to hit the ground astoundingly hard  he  saw  lying  directly  in
front of him a small navy-blue holdall that he knew for a fact he
had lost in the baggage-retrieval system at Athens  airport  some
ten  years  in  his  personal  time-scale  previously, and in his
astonishment he missed the ground completely and bobbed off  into
the air with his brain singing.
What he was doing was this: he was flying. He glanced around  him
in  surprise,  but  there could be no doubt that that was what he
was doing. No part of him was touching the ground, and no part of
him  was  even  approaching it. He was simply floating there with
boulders hurtling through the air around him.
He could now do something about  that.  Blinking  with  the  non-
effort  of it he wafted higher into the air, and now the boulders
were hurtling through the air beneath him.
He looked downwards with intense curiosity. Between him  and  the
shivering  ground  were  now some thirty feet of empty air, empty
that is if you discounted the boulders which didn't  stay  in  it
for  long,  but  bounded downwards in the iron grip of the law of
gravity; the same law which seemed, all  of  a  sudden,  to  have
given Arthur a sabbatical.
It  occurred  to  him  almost  instantly,  with  the  instinctive
correctness  that self-preservation  instils in the mind, that he
mustn't try to think about it, that if he did, the law of gravity
would suddenly glance sharply in his direction and demand to know
what the hell he thought he was doing up  there,  and  all  would
suddenly be lost.
So he thought about tulips. It was  difficult,  but  he  did.  He
thought  about  the  pleasing  firm  roundness  of  the bottom of
tulips, he thought about the interesting variety of colours  they
came  in,  and  wondered  what  proportion of the total number of
tulips that grew, or had grown,  on  the  Earth  would  be  found
within a radius of one mile from a windmill. After a while he got
dangerously bored with  this  train  of  thought,  felt  the  air
slipping  away  beneath  him, felt that he was drifting down into
the paths of the bouncing boulders that he was trying so hard not
to  think about, so he thought about Athens airport for a bit and
that kept him usefully annoyed for about five minutes  -  at  the
end of which he was startled to discover that he was now floating
about two hundred yards above the ground.
He wondered for a moment how he was going to get back down to it,
but instantly shied away from that area of speculation again, and
tried to look at the situation steadily.
He was flying, What was he going to do about it? He  looked  back
down  at  the ground. He didn't look at it hard, but did his best
just to give it an idle glance, as it  were,  in  passing.  There
were  a  couple of things he couldn't help noticing. One was that
the eruption of the mountain seemed now to have  spent  itself  -
there was a crater just a little way beneath the peak, presumably
where the rock  had  caved  in  on  top  of  the  huge  cavernous
cathedral,  the statue of himself, and the sadly abused figure of
Agrajag.
The other was his  hold-all,  the  one  he  had  lost  at  Athens
airport.  It  was  sitting  pertly  on  a  piece of clear ground,
surrounded by exhausted boulders but apparently hit  by  none  of
them.  Why  this should be he could not speculate, but since this
mystery   was   completely   overshadowed   by   the    monstrous
impossibility of the bag's being there in the first place, it was
not a speculation he really felt strong enough  for  anyway.  The
thing  is,  it  was  there.  And the nasty, fake leopard-skin bag
seemed to have disappeared, which was all to  the  good,  if  not
entirely to the explicable.
He was faced with the fact that he was going to have to pick  the
thing  up.  Here he was, flying along two hundred yards above the
surface of an alien planet the name of  which  he  couldn't  even
remember.  He could not ignore the plaintive posture of this tiny
piece of what used to be his life, here, so many light-years from
the pulverized remains of his home.
Furthermore, he realized, the bag, if it was still in  the  state
in  which  he lost it, would contain a can which would have in it
the only Greek olive oil still surviving in the Universe.
Slowly, carefully, inch by  inch,  he  began  to  bob  downwards,
swinging  gently  from side to side like a nervous sheet of paper
feeling its way towards the ground.
It went well, he was feeling good. The air supported him, but let
him  through.  Two  minutes later he was hovering a mere two feet
above the bag, and was faced with  some  difficult  decision.  He
bobbed  there  lightly.  He  frowned, but again, as lightly as he
could.
If he picked the bag up, could he carry it?  Mightn't  the  extra
weight just pull him straight to the ground?
Mightn't the  mere  act  of  touching  something  on  the  ground
suddenly  discharge   whatever  mysterious  force it was that was
holding him in the air?
Mightn't he be better off just being sensible at this  point  and
stepping  out  of  the air, back on to the ground for a moment or
two?
If he did, would he ever be able to fly again?
The sensation, when he allowed himself to be aware of it, was  so
quietly ecstatic that he could not bear the thought of losing it,
perhaps for ever. With this worry in mind  he  bobbed  upwards  a
little  again,  just  to  try  the feel of it, the surprising and
effortless movement of it. He bobbed,  he  floated.  He  tried  a
little swoop.
The swoop was terrific. With his arms spread out in front of him,
his  hair  and  dressing  gown streaming out behind him, he dived
down out of the sky, bellied along a body of air about  two  feet
from  the ground and swung back up again, catching himself at the
top of the swing and holding. Just holding. He stayed there.
It was wonderful.
And that, he realized, was the way of  picking  up  the  bag.  He
would  swoop  down  and catch hold of it just at the point of the
upswing. He would carry it on up with him. He might wobble a bit,
but he was certain that he could hold it.
He tried one or two more practice swoops, and they got better and
better. The air on his face, the bounce and woof of his body, all
combined to make him feel an intoxication of the spirit  that  he
hadn't  felt  since,  since  -  well as far as he could work out,
since he was born. He drifted away on the breeze and surveyed the
countryside,  which  was,  he  discovered, pretty nasty. It had a
wasted ravaged look. He decided not to look at it  any  more.  He
would  just  pick  up the bag and then ... he didn't know what he
was going to do after he had picked up the  bag.  He  decided  he
would just pick up the bag and see where things went from there.
He judged himself against the wind,  pushed  up  against  it  and
turned around. He floated on its body. He didn't realize, but his
body was willoming at this point.
He ducked down under the airstream, dipped - and dived.
The air threw itself past him, he thrilled through it. The ground
wobbled uncertainly, straightened its ideas out and rose smoothly
up to meet him, offering the bag, its cracked plastic handles  up
towards him.
Halfway down there was a sudden dangerous moment when he could no
longer  believe  he  was doing this, and therefore he very nearly
wasn't, but he  recovered  himself  in  time,  skimmed  over  the
ground,  slipped  an arm smoothly through the handles of the bag,
and began to climb back up, couldn't make it and all of a  sudden
collapsed, bruised, scratched and shaking in the stony ground.
He staggered instantly to his feet and swayed hopelessly  around,
swinging the bag round him in agony of grief and disappointment.
His feet, suddenly, were stuck heavily to the ground in  the  way
they  always  had  been. His body seemed like an unwieldy sack of
potatoes that reeled stumbling against the ground, his  mind  had
all the lightness of a bag of lead.
He  sagged  and  swayed  and  ached  with  giddiness.  He   tried
hopelessly  to  run,  but  his  legs  were  suddenly too weak. He
tripped and flopped forward. At that moment he remembered that in
the bag he was now carrying was not only a can of Greek olive oil
but a duty-free allowance of  retsina,  and  in  the  pleasurable
shock  of  that  realization he failed to notice for at least ten
seconds that he was now flying again.
He whooped and cried with relief and pleasure, and sheer physical
delight.  He  swooped, he wheeled, he skidded and whirled through
the air. Cheekily he sat on an updraught  and  went  through  the
contents  of  the  hold-all. He felt the way he imagined an angel
must feel during its celebrated dance on the head of a pin whilst
being  counted  by  philosophers. He laughed with pleasure at the
discovery that the bag did in fact contain the olive oil and  the
retsina as well as a pair of cracked sunglasses, some sand-filled
swimming trunks, some creased postcards of Santorini, a large and
unsightly  towel,  some interesting stones, and various scraps of
paper with the addresses of people he was relieved  to  think  he
would  never meet again, even if the reason why was a sad one. He
dropped the stones, put on the sunglasses, and let the pieces  of
paper whip away in the wind.
Ten minutes later, drifting idly through a cloud, he got a  large
and  extremely  disreputable  cocktail  party in the small of the
back.
=================================================================
Chapter 21
The longest and most destructive party ever held is now into  its
fourth  generation,  and still no one shows any signs of leaving.
Somebody did once look at his watch, but that  was  eleven  years
ago, and there has been no follow-up.
The mess is extraordinary, and has to be seen to be believed, but
if  you  don't have any particular need to believe it, then don't
go and look, because you won't enjoy it.
There have recently been some bangs and flashes up in the clouds,
and  there  is  one  theory  that  this  is a battle being fought
between the fleets of several rival carpet-cleaning companies who
are  hovering  over  the  thing  like vultures, but you shouldn't
believe anything  you  hear  at  parties,  and  particularly  not
anything you hear at this one.
One of the problems, and it's one which is obviously going to get
worse,  is  that  all  the  people  at  the  party are either the
children or the grandchildren or the great-grandchildren  of  the
people  who wouldn't leave in the first place, and because of all
the business about selective breeding and regressive genes and so
on,  it  means  that  all  the people now at the party are either
absolutely fanatical partygoers, or gibbering  idiots,  or,  more
and more frequently, both.
Either way, it means that, genetically speaking, each  succeeding
generation is now less likely to leave than the preceding one.
So other factors come into operation,  like  when  the  drink  is
going to run out.
Now, because of certain things which have happened  which  seemed
like  a  good  idea  at  the time (and one of the problems with a
party which never stops is that all the things  which  only  seem
like  a  good  idea at parties continue to seem like good ideas),
that point seems still to be a long way off.
One of the things which seemed like a good idea at the  time  was
that  the party should fly - not in the normal sense that parties
are meant to fly, but literally.
One night, long ago, a band of  drunken  astro-engineers  of  the
first  generation  clambered  round  the  building  digging this,
fixing that, banging very hard on the other and when the sun rose
the  following morning, it was startled to find itself shining on
a building full of happy drunken people which  was  now  floating
like a young and uncertain bird over the treetops.
Not only that, but the flying  party  had  also  managed  to  arm
itself  rather heavily. If they were going to get involved in any
petty arguments with wine merchants, they  wanted  to  make  sure
they had might on their side.
The transition from full-time cocktail party to part-time raiding
party  came with ease, and did much to add that extra bit of zest
and swing to the whole affair which  was  badly  needed  at  this
point  because  of the enormous number of times that the band had
already played all the numbers it knew over the years.
They looted, they raided, they held whole cities for  ransom  for
fresh  supplies  of  cheese crackers, avocado dip, spare ribs and
wine and spirits, which would now get piped aboard from  floating
tankers.
The problem of when the drink is going to run  out  is,  however,
going to have to be faced one day.
The planet over which they are floating is no longer  the  planet
it was when they first started floating over it.
It is in bad shape.
The party had attacked and raided an awful lot of it, and no  one
has  ever succeeded in hitting it back because of the erratic and
unpredictable way in which it lurches round the sky.
It is one hell of a party.
It is also one hell of a thing to get hit by in the small of  the
back.
=================================================================
Chapter 22
 Arthur lay  floundering  in  pain  on  a  piece  of  ripped  and
dismembered  reinforced  concrete, flicked at by wisps of passing
cloud and confused by the sounds of flabby merrymaking  somewhere
indistinctly behind him.
There was  a  sound  he  couldn't  immediately  identify,  partly
because  he  didn't  know the tune "I Left my Leg in Jaglan Beta"
and partly because the band playing it were very tired, and  some
members  of  it were playing it in three-four time, some in four-
four, and some in a kind of pie-eyed r2,  each according  to  the
amount of sleep he'd managed to grab recently.
He lay, panting heavily in the wet air, and tried feeling bits of
himself  to  see  where  he  might  be  hurt. Wherever he touched
himself, he encountered a pain. After a short while he worked out
that this was because it was his hand that was hurting. He seemed
to have sprained his wrist. His back, too, was  hurting,  but  he
soon  satisfied  himself  that  he  was  not badly hurt, but just
bruised and a little shaken, as  who  wouldn't  be?  He  couldn't
understand  what  a  building  would  be doing flying through the
clouds.
On the other hand, he would have been a  little  hard-pressed  to
come  up  with any convincing explanation of his own presence, so
he decided that he and the building were just going  to  have  to
accept  each  other. He looked up from where he was lying. A wall
of pale but stained stone slabs rose up behind him, the  building
proper.  He  seemed  to be stretched out on some sort of ledge or
lip which extended outwards for about three or four feet all  the
way  around.  It  was  a  hunk  of  the ground in which the party
building had had its foundations, and which it  had  taken  along
with itself to keep itself bound together at the bottom end.
Nervously, he stood up and, suddenly, looking out over the  edge,
he  felt  nauseous  with vertigo. He pressed himself back against
the wall,  wet  with  mist  and  sweat.  His  head  was  swimming
freestyle, but someone in his stomach was doing the butterfly.
Even though he had got up here under his own power, he could  now
not even bear to contemplate the hideous drop in front of him. He
was not about to try his luck jumping. He was not about  to  move
an inch closer to the edge.
Clutching his hold-all he edged along the wall, hoping to find  a
doorway  in. The solid weight of the can of olive oil was a great
reassurance to him.
He was edging in the direction of the nearest corner, in the hope
that  the  wall  around the corner might offer more in the way of
entrances than this one, which offered none.
The unsteadiness of the building's flight made him feel sick with
fear,  and  after a short while he took the towel from out of his
hold-all and did something with it which once again justified its
supreme  position  in  the list of useful things to take with you
when you hitch-hike round the Galaxy. He put it over his head  so
he wouldn't have to see what he was doing.
His feet edged along the  ground.  His  outstretched  hand  edged
along the wall.
Finally he came to the corner, and as his hand rounded the corner
it  encountered  something  which  gave  him such a shock that he
nearly fell straight off. It was another hand.
The two hands gripped each other.
He desperately wanted to use his other hand  to  pull  the  towel
back  from  his  eyes,  but  it was holding the hold-all with the
olive oil, the retsina and the postcards from Santorini,  and  he
very much didn't want to put it down.
He experienced one of those "self" moments, one of those  moments
when you suddenly turn around and look at yourself and think "Who
am I? What am I up to? What have I achieved? Am I doing well?" He
whimpered very slightly.
He tried to free his hand, but he couldn't. The  other  hand  was
holding  his  tightly.  He  had  no  recourse but to edge onwards
towards the corner. He leaned around it and shook his head in  an
attempt to dislodge the towel. This seemed to provoke a sharp cry
of some unfashionable emotion from the owner of the other hand.
The towel was whipped from his head and he found his eyes peering
into  those of Ford Prefect. Beyond him stood Slartibartfast, and
beyond them he could clearly see a porchway and  a  large  closed
door.
They were both pressed back against  the  wall,  eyes  wild  with
terror as they stared out into the thick blind cloud around them,
and tried to resist the lurching and swaying of the building.
"Where the zarking photon have  you  been?"  hissed  Ford,  panic
stricken.
"Er, well," stuttered Arthur, not really knowing how  to  sum  it
all up that briefly. "Here and there. What are you doing here?"
Ford turned his wild eyes on Arthur again.
"They won't let us in without a bottle," he hissed.
The first thing Arthur noticed as they entered into the thick  of
the  party,  apart from the noise, the suffocating heat, the wild
profusion of colours that protuded dimly through  the  atmosphere
of  heavy  smoke,  the  carpets  thick with ground glass, ash and
avocado  droppings,  and  the  small  group  of  pterodactyl-like
creatures  in  lurex  who  descended  on  his cherished bottle of
retsina,  squawking,  "A  new  pleasure,  a  new  pleasure",  was
Trillian being chatted up by a Thunder God.
"Didn't I see you at Milliways?" he was saying.
"Were you the one with the hammer?"
"Yes. I much prefer it here. So much less reputable, so much more
fraught."
Squeals of some hideous pleasure rang around the room, the  outer
dimensions  of which were invisible through the heaving throng of
happy, noisy creatures, cheerfully  yelling  things  that  nobody
could hear at each other and occasionally having crises.
"Seems fun," said Trillian. "What did you say, Arthur?"
"I said, how the hell did you get here?"
"I was a row of dots flowing randomly through the Universe.  Have
you met Thor? He makes thunder."
"Hello," said Arthur. "I expect that must be very interesting."
"Hi," said Thor. "It is. Have you got a drink?"
"Er, no actually ..."
"Then why don't you go and get one?"
"See you later, Arthur," said Trillian.
Something jogged Arthur's mind, and he looked around huntedly.
"Zaphod isn't here, is he?" he said.
"See you," said Trillian firmly, "later."
Thor glared at him with hard coal-black eyes, his beard bristled,
what  little light was there was in the place mustered its forces
briefly to glint menacingly off the horns of his helmet.
He took Trillian's elbow in his  extremely  large  hand  and  the
muscles in his upper arm moved around each other like a couple of
Volkswagens parking.
He led her away.
"One of the interesting things about being  immortal,"  he  said,
"is ..."
"One  of  the  interesting  things  about  space,"  Arthur  heard
Slartibartfast  saying  to  a  large  and voluminous creature who
looked like someone losing a fight with  a  pink  duvet  and  was
gazing  raptly  at  the old man's deep eyes and silver beard, "is
how dull it is."
"Dull?" said the creature, and blinked her  rather  wrinkled  and
bloodshot eyes.
"Yes," said Slartibartfast, "staggeringly dull. Bewilderingly so.
You  see,  there's  so  much of it and so little in it. Would you
like me to quote some statistics?"
"Er, well ..."
"Please, I would like to.  They,  too,  are  quite  sensationally
dull."
"I'll come back and hear them in a moment," she said, patting him
on  the arm, lifted up her skirts like a hovercraft and moved off
into the heaving crown.
"I thought she'd never go," growled the old man. "Come,  Earthman
..."
"Arthur."
"We must find the Silver Bail, it is here somewhere."
"Can't we just relax a little?" Arthur said. "I've  had  a  tough
day.  Trillian's  here,  incidentally,  she  didn't  say  how, it
probably doesn't matter."
"Think of the danger to the Universe ..."
"The Universe," said Arthur, "is big enough  and  old  enough  to
look  after  itself  for  half  an hour. All right," he added, in
response to Slartibartfast's increasing agitation,  "I'll  wander
round and see if anybody's seen it."
"Good, good," said Slartibartfast, "good. " He plunged  into  the
crowd himself, and was told to relax by everybody he passed.
"Have you seen a bail anywhere?" said Arthur to a little man  who
seemed  to  be  standing  eagerly  waiting to listen to somebody.
"It's made of silver, vitally important for the future safety  of
the Universe, and about this long."
"No," said the enthusiastically wizened little man, "but do  have
a drink and tell me all about it."
Ford Prefect writhed past,  dancing  a  wild,  frenetic  and  not
entirely  unobscene  dance  with someone who looked as if she was
wearing Sydney Opera House on her head. He was yelling  a  futile
conversation at her above the din.
"I like that hat!" he bawled.
"What?"
"I said, I like the hat."
"I'm not wearing a hat."
"Well, I like the head, then."
"What?"
"I said, I like the head. Interesting bone-structure."
"What?"
Ford worked a shrug into the complex routine of  other  movements
he was performing.
"I said, you dance great," he shouted, "just don't nod so much."
"What?"
"It's just that every time you nod,"  said  Ford,  "...  ow!"  he
added as his partner nodded forward to say "What?" and once again
pecked him sharply on the forehead with  the  sharp  end  of  her
swept-forward skull.
"My planet was blown up one morning," said Arthur, who had  found
himself  quite unexpectedly telling the little man his life story
or, at least, edited highlights of it, "that's  why  I'm  dressed
like  this,  in my dressing gown. My planet was blown up with all
my clothes in it, you see. I didn't realize I'd be  coming  to  a
party."
The little man nodded enthusiastically.
"Later, I was thrown off a spaceship. Still in my dressing  gown.
Rather  than  the  space  suit one would normally expect. Shortly
after that I discovered that my planet had originally  been built
for a bunch of mice. You can imagine how I felt about that. I was
then shot at for a while and blown up. In fact I have been  blown
up    ridiculously    often,   shot   at,   insulted,   regularly
disintegrated, deprived of tea, and recently  I  crashed  into  a
swamp and had to spend five years in a damp cave."
"Ah," effervesced the little man, "and did you have  a  wonderful
time?"
Arthur started to choke violently on his drink.
"What a wonderful exciting cough," said  the  little  man,  quite
startled by it, "do you mind if I join you?"
And with  that  he  launched  into  the  most  extraordinary  and
spectacular  fit  of  coughing  which  caught  Arthur  so much by
surprise that he started to choke violently,  discovered  he  was
already doing it and got thoroughly confused.
Together they performed a lung-busting duet  which  went  on  for
fully  two minutes before Arthur managed to cough and splutter to
a halt.
"So invigorating," said the little man, panting and wiping  tears
from  his  eyes.  "What an exciting life you must lead. Thank you
very much."
He shook Arthur warmly by the hand and walked off into the crowd.
Arthur shook his head in astonishment.
A youngish-looking man came up to him, an aggressive-looking type
with  a  hook  mouth,  a  lantern  nose,  and  small beady little
cheekbones. He was wearing black trousers,  a  black  silk  shirt
open  to  what was presumably his navel, though Arthur had learnt
never to make assumptions about the  anatomies  of  the  sort  of
people  he  tended to meet these days, and had all sorts of nasty
dangly gold things hanging round his neck. He  carried  something
in  a  black  bag,  and  clearly  wanted people to notice that he
didn't want them to notice it.
"Hey, er, did I hear you say your name just now?" he said.
This was one  of  the  many  things  that  Arthur  had  told  the
enthusiastic little man.
"Yes, it's Arthur Dent."
The man seemed to be dancing slightly to some rhythm  other  than
any of the several that the band were grimly pushing out.
"Yeah," he said, "only there was a man in a  mountain  wanted  to
see you."
"I met him."
"Yeah, only he seemed pretty anxious about it, you know."
"Yes, I met him."
"Yeah, well I think you should know that."
"I do. I met him."
The man paused to chew a little gum. Then he  clapped  Arthur  on
the back.
"OK," he said, "all right. I'm  just  telling  you,  right?  Good
night, good luck, win awards."
"What?" said Arthur, who was beginning to flounder  seriously  at
this point.
"Whatever. Do what you do.  Do  it  well."  He  made  a  sort  of
clucking noise with whatever he was chewing and then some vaguely
dynamic gesture.
"Why?" said Arthur.
"Do it badly," said the man, "who cares? Who gives a  shit?"  The
blood  suddenly seemed to pump angrily into the man's face and he
started to shout.
"Why not go mad?" he said. "Go away, get off my  back  will  you,
guy. Just zark off!!!"
"OK, I'm going," said Arthur hurriedly.
"It's been real." The man gave a sharp wave and  disappeared  off
into the throng.
"What was that about?" said Arthur to a girl  he  found  standing
beside him. "Why did he tell me to win awards?"
"Just showbiz talk," shrugged the girl. "He's just won  an  award
at  the  Annual Ursa Minor Alpha Recreational Illusions Institute
Awards Ceremony, and was  hoping  to  be  able  to  pass  it  off
lightly, only you didn't mention it, so he couldn't."
"Oh," said Arthur, "oh, well I'm sorry  I  didn't.  What  was  it
for?"
"The Most  Gratuitous  Use  Of  The  Word  `Fuck'  In  A  Serious
Screenplay. It's very prestigious."
"I see," said Arthur, "yes, and what do you get for that?"
"A Rory. It's just a small silver thing  set  on  a  large  black
base. What did you say?"
"I didn't say anything. I was just about to ask what  the  silver
..."
"Oh, I thought you said `wop'."
"Said what?"
"Wop."
People had been dropping in on the  party  now  for  some  years,
fashionable  gatecrashers from other worlds, and for some time it
had occurred to the partygoers as they had looked  out  at  their
own  world  beneath  them,  with  its wrecked cities, its ravaged
avocado farms and blighted vineyards,  its  vast  tracts  of  new
desert,  its  seas  full  of biscuit crumbs and worse, that their
world was in some tiny and almost imperceptible ways not quite as
much fun as it had been. Some of them had begun to wonder if they
could manage to stay sober for long enough  to  make  the  entire
party  spaceworthy  and  maybe take it off to some other people's
worlds where the  air  might  be  fresher  and  give  them  fewer
headaches.
The few undernourished farmers who still managed to scratch out a
feeble  existence on the half-dead ground of the planet's surface
would have been extremely pleased to hear this, but that day,  as
the party came screaming out of the clouds and the farmers looked
up in haggard fear of yet another cheese-and-wine raid, it became
clear  that the party was not going to be going anywhere else for
a while, that the party would soon be over. Very soon it would be
time  to gather up hats and coats and stagger blearily outside to
find out what time of day it was, what time of year it  was,  and
whether  in  any  of this burnt and ravaged land there was a taxi
going anywhere.
The party was locked in a horrible embrace with a  strange  white
spaceship  which  seemed to be half sticking through it. Together
they were lurching, heaving and spinning their way round the  sky
in grotesque disregard of their own weight.
The clouds parted. The air roared and leapt out of their way.
The party and the Krikkit warship looked, in their  writhings,  a
little  like  two  ducks,  one of which is trying to make a third
duck inside the second duck, whilst the  second  duck  is  trying
very  hard to explain that it doesn't feel ready for a third duck
right now, is uncertain that it would  want  any  putative  third
duck  to  be  made  by  this  particular  first  duck anyway, and
certainly not whilst it, the second duck, was busy flying.
The sky sang and screamed with the rage of it  all  and  buffeted
the ground with shock waves.
And suddenly, with a foop, the Krikkit ship was gone.
The party blundered helplessly across the sky like a man  leaning
against  an  unexpectedly  open  door. It span and wobbled on its
hover jets. It tried to right itself and wronged itself  instead.
It staggered back across the sky again.
For a while these staggerings continued, but clearly  they  could
not  continue  for  long.  The  party  was now a mortally wounded
party. All the fun had gone out of it, as the occasional  broken-
backed pirouette could not disguise.
The longer, at this  point,  that  it  avoided  the  ground,  the
heavier was going to be the crash when finally it hit it.
Inside, things were  not  going  well  either.  They  were  going
monstrously  badly, in fact, and people were hating it and saying
so loudly. The Krikkit robots had been.
They had removed the Award for The Most  Gratuitous  Use  Of  The
Word  `Fuck' In A Serious Screenplay, and in its place had left a
scene of devastation that left Arthur feeling almost as sick as a
runner-up for a Rory.
"We would love to stay and help," shouted Ford, picking  his  way
over the mangled debris, "only we're not going to."
The party lurched again, provoking feverish cries and groans from
amongst the smoking wreckage.
"We have to go and save the Universe, you see," said  Ford.  "And
if  that sounds like a pretty lame excuse, then you may be right.
Either way, we're off."
He suddenly came across an unopened  bottle  lying,  miraculously
unbroken, on the ground.
"Do you mind if we take this?" he said.  "You  won't  be  needing
it."
He took a packet of potato crisps too.
"Trillian?" shouted Arthur in a shocked and  weakened  voice.  In
the smoking mess he could see nothing.
"Earthman, we must go," said Slartibartfast nervously.
"Trillian?" shouted Arthur again.
A moment or two later, Trillian staggered,  shaking,  into  view,
supported by her new friend the Thunder God.
"The girl stays with me," said Thor. "There's a great party going
on in Valhalla, we'll be flying off ..."
"Where were you when all this was going on?" said Arthur.
"Upstairs," said Thor, "I was weighing  her.  Flying's  a  tricky
business you see, you have to calculate wind ..."
"She comes with us," said Arthur.
"Hey," said Trillian, "don't I ..."
"No," said Arthur, "you come with us."
Thor looked at him with slowly smouldering eyes.  He  was  making
some  point  about  godliness and it had nothing to do with being
clean.
"She comes with me," he said quietly.
"Come on, Earthman," said Slartibartfast  nervously,  picking  at
Arthur's sleeve.
"Come on, Slartibartfast," said Ford, picking at  the  old  man's
sleeve. Slartibartfast had the teleport device.
The party lurched and swayed, sending  everyone  reeling,  except
for  Thor  and  except  for Arthur, who stared, shaking, into the
Thunder God's black eyes.
Slowly, incredibly, Arthur put up what appeared to  be  his  tiny
little fists.
"Want to make something of it?" he said.
"I beg your minuscule pardon?" roared Thor.
"I said," repeated Arthur, and he could not  keep  the  quavering
out  of  his  voice,  "do  you  want to make something of it?" He
waggled his fists ridiculously.
Thor looked at him with incredulity. Then a little wisp of  smoke
curled upwards from his nostril. There was a tiny little flame in
it too.
He gripped his belt.
He expanded his chest to make it totally clear that here was  the
sort  of man you only dared to cross if you had a team of Sherpas
with you.
He unhooked the shaft of his hammer from his belt. He held it  up
in  his hands to reveal the massive iron head. He thus cleared up
any possible misunderstanding that  he  might  merely  have  been
carrying a telegraph pole around with him.
"Do I want," he said, with a hiss like a river flowing through  a
steel mill, "to make something of it?"
"Yes," said Arthur, his voice suddenly and extraordinarily strong
and  belligerent.  He waggled his fists again, this time as if he
meant it.
"You want to step outside?" he snarled at Thor.
"All right!" bellowed Thor, like an enraged bull (or in fact like
an  enraged  Thunder God, which is a great deal more impressive),
and did so.
"Good," said Arthur, "that's got rid of him. Slarty, get  us  out
of here."
=================================================================
Chapter 23
"All right," shouted Ford at Arthur, "so I'm a coward, the  point
is   I'm  still  alive."  They  were  back  aboard  the  Starship
Bistromath, so was Slartibartfast, so was Trillian.  Harmony  and
concord were not.
"Well, so am I alive, aren't I?" retaliated Arthur, haggard  with
adventure  and anger. His eyebrows were leaping up and down as if
they wanted to punch each other.
"You damn nearly weren't," exploded Ford.
Arthur turned sharply to Slartibartfast, who was sitting  in  his
pilot  couch  on  the  flight  deck  gazing thoughtfully into the
bottom of a bottle which was telling  him  something  he  clearly
couldn't fathom. He appealed to him.
"Do you think he understands the first word I've been saying?" he
said, quivering with emotion.
"I don't know," replied Slartibartfast,  a  little  abstractedly.
"I'm  not sure," he added, glancing up very briefly, "that I do."
He stared at his instruments with renewed vigor  and  bafflement.
"You'll have to explain it to us again," he said.
"Well ..."
"But later. Terrible things are afoot."
He tapped the pseudo-glass of the bottle bottom.
"We fared rather pathetically at the party, I'm afraid," he said,
"and our only hope now is to try to prevent the robots from using
the Key in the Lock. How in heaven we do that I don't  know,"  he
muttered. "Just have to go there, I suppose. Can't say I like the
idea at all. Probably end up dead."
"Where is Trillian anyway?" said Arthur with a sudden affectation
of  unconcern.  What  he  had  been angry about was that Ford had
berated him for wasting time  over  all  the  business  with  the
Thunder  God when they could have been making a rather more rapid
escape. Arthur's own opinion, and he had offered it for  whatever
anybody  might  have  felt  it  was  worth,  was that he had been
extraordinarily brave and resourceful.
The prevailing view seemed to be that his opinion was not worth a
pair of fetid dingo's kidneys. What really hurt, though, was that
Trillian didn't seem to react much one way or the other  and  had
wandered off somewhere.
"And where are my potato crisps?" said Ford.
"They are both," said Slartibartfast, without looking up, "in the
Room  of  Informational  Illusions.  I think that your young lady
friend is trying to understand some problems of Galactic history.
I think the potato crisps are probably helping her."
=================================================================
Chapter 24
It is a mistake to think you can solve any  major  problems  just
with potatoes.
For instance, there was  once  an  insanely  aggressive  race  of
people  called  the  Silastic  Armorfiends of Striterax. That was
just the name of their race. The name of their army was something
quite  horrific. Luckily they lived even further back in Galactic
history than anything we have so far encountered - twenty billion
years  ago  - when the Galaxy was young and fresh, and every idea
worth fighting for was a new one.
And fighting was what the Silastic Armorfiends of Striterax  were
good  at, and being good at it, they did a lot. They fought their
enemies (i.e. everybody else),  they  fought  each  other.  Their
planet  was  a  complete  wreck.  The  surface  was littered with
abandoned cities which were surrounded by abandoned war machines,
which  were  in  turn  surrounded  by  deep  bunkers in which the
Silastic Armorfiends lived and squabbled with each other.
The best way to pick a fight with a Silastic Armorfiend was  just
to  be born. They didn't like it, they got resentful. And when an
Armorfiend got resentful, someone got hurt. An exhausting way  of
life,  one might think, but they did seem to have an awful lot of
energy.
The best way of dealing with a Silastic Armorfiend was to put him
into  a  room of his own, because sooner or later he would simply
