which slammed shut behind them. Ernie heard two piercing, blood-
curdling screams, and then silence.
     Shaken, he turned to Captain Memory. "What...what is behind
Door Number Four?"
     The Captain shook his head sadly. "You DON'T want to know!"
     Ernie thought for a moment, and decided that probably the
Captain was right.
     Von Liederkranz smiled evilly. "Und now, ze interrogation! Too
bad you did not tell ze midgets ze story dey vanted to hear! It
vould have been much easier... for you!" He stopped, sniffing at
something in the air. "Vot is dat smell?" he inquired of no-one in
particular. His eyes lighted on Sterno, whose cigar smoke was
drifting his way. "Vot are you smoking?"
     "Oh, care for one?" Sterno offered politely. "They're
Havanas!"
     "Very nice!" Von Liederkranz accepted one. His eyes narrowed.
"Vhere did you get dese? It takes a special permit to buy dese!"
     "Of course," Sterno agreed. "You need a Form 1193, `Request
for Authorization to Apply for a License to Purchase Cigars', and
you have to have it validated, verified, stamped, sealed, notarized
and signed; in triplicate, of course. Then you file it, wait for
your authorization number, and then..."
     "I see!" Von Liederkranz interrupted. Of course, he didn't see
at all, but listening to this sort of thing gave him a headache.
"You must be very important, to have such privileges!"
     Sterno puffed himself up proudly. "Well, as a matter of fact,
I..."
     They were interrupted by a knock at the door. "Who dares to
interrupt me!?" von Liederkranz fumed.
     "Mailman!" a cheerful voice answered.
     "Vot do you vant?" von Liederkranz answered angrily. The same
cheerful-looking mailman entered. `How did he get through all those
locks?' Ernie wondered.
     "I got a letter here for a Mr. Ernest Ross!" 
     Ernie waved weakly. "Right here!" The mailman handed Ernie his
letter, and left.
     Von Liederkranz was livid with rage. "Vhy do you get all ze
mail?!" he raged. "I myself am avaiting important communications,
but do I receive zem? No! YOU get all ze mail! Just last veek I vas
informed dat I may already have won TEN MILLION DOLLARS! Prize
Notification Central is supposed to contact me any day now! But do
I hear from zem? NO! I don't even get ze magazines I order from
zem, either! YOU get all ze mail!" Von Liederkranz raged. "Zis
makes me very angry! For vhich..." He looked quickly around. His
eyes lit on the Fly. "YOU vill pay, schweinhund!" He slapped the
Fly with his riding crop.
     "Hey!" the Fly complained. "It's not my fault! Gimme a break,
huh?"
     Von Liederkranz smiled evilly. "Vhat vould you like broken?
Heh, heh!"
     The Fly frowned. "Hey, guys, we gotta think of some other
phrase to use around here! I don't think it's safe to say `Gimme
a...'" He looked uneasily at von Liederkranz, who was smirking
menacingly. "...uh, to say that thing we just said, you know?"
     Ernie opened his letter and read, even though he had a sinking
feeling that he knew what it was going to say. He was right:
"Dear Mr. Ross,
               We have been retained by the National Bank of the
West to investigate the matter of an unpaid credit card balance of
$195,412,771,213,312,032.29. We understand that this account is a
little over two billion years overdue. Perhaps this matter has
slipped your mind. Perhaps you think you've got better things to
do. Well, LISTEN, you lousy DEADBEAT, if we don't get that money by
noon tomorrow, we're gonna send Vito to collect it! This is gonna
make Vito very angry! Vito is gonna get this out of you, ONE WAY OR
THE OTHER, if you get my drift!  So send us this money, PUNK, while
you still can!
Affectionately,
ACME COLLECTION AGENCY
P.S. If you have already sent in a check for this amount, please
disregard this letter. Have a nice day!"
     The letter ended with a Smile face.
     Ernie moaned. It was all just getting worse and worse.
     "Give me zat letter!" von Liederkranz tore the letter out of
Ernie's hand. "Zo, just as ve thought!" he said, reading the letter
quickly and then tossing it aside. "Zo, you have problems vith
money, eh?" Ernie nodded, smiling weakly. "I can understand zat,"
said von Liederkranz commiseratingly. "I, too, have problems vith
money. In fact, I begin to see, now, vhere some of my problems come
from!" He pulled out a wicked-looking weapon and held it in Ernie's
face. "VHAT HAVE YOU DONE VITH MY PRIZE NOTIFICATION?!"
     "ME!?" Ernie began. "I never..."
     "Do not trifle vith me!" von Liederkranz snapped. He held the
weapon up for Ernie's inspection. "Do you know vhat zis is?"
     "Well..." Ernie began.
     "It is a pain generator," von Liederkranz went on menacingly.
"You vould like a taste, perhaps?"
     "Well..." Ernie began again.
     Von Liederkranz pulled the trigger. Instantly, Ernie's entire
body was engulfed in intense, searing pain. "YEEOW!"
     VOn Liederkranz smirked evilly. "Ze pain generator has
intensity settings. Dat vas a number `1'. Ze numbers go up to
`100'. You vould like to try, perhaps, a `25'?"
     Ernie blanched. All he could think of to say was "Well..."
     There was a knock on the door. "Mailman!"
     "AHA!" Von Liederkranz cried excitedly. "I knew it! ZE PRIZE
NOTIFICATION!" Von Liederkranz ran to the door and threw it open
frantically.
     The door flew open, and von Liederkranz froze in horror. "MEIN
GOTT!" he shrieked. There, an inch outside the door, was a huge
Post Office dump truck, it's bed lifted, its tailgate open, ready
to dump. Von Liederkranz had time for only one short scream before
he was completely engulfed in a huge flood of slick paper
magazines.
     Captain Memory shook his head sadly. "Poor guy, he should have
read the fine print. It clearly says that ordering all the
magazines won't increase your chances to win."
     "Tough," Ernie said callously. After his brush with the pain
generator, he wasn't in the mood to be too sympathetic about
anything that happened to von Liederkranz. "So, why don't we get
out of here, okay?"
     "Hmm," said Captain Memory thoughtfully. "`Out of here', you
say. Well, that's all well and good, I mean, anybody can just say
`let's get out of here', but..." He trailed off.
     "Do you have a problem with that?" Ernie wanted to know.
     "Well, um," said Captain Memory thoughtfully. "I'm not exacly
sure where we should go next. My last location didn't work out
quite the way I intended it."
     "Hoow about the Dead Sea Phonograph Records?" Ernie suggested.
"Maybe we should go and check them out!"
     "Will you get off that `Dead Sea Phonograph Records'
business?" Sterno snapped. "That's the most ridiculous thing I've
heard in...in..." He thought a moment. "...two billion years!"
     "Well, have you got a better idea?" Ernie said exasperatedly.
     "Loot, rape, and pillage," said the Fly thoughtfully.
     "What!?" Ernie didn't know what to make of that statement at
all.
     "You know," the Fly continued. "What the Nazi was saying,
`Loot, rape, and pillage'. It reminds me of something, but I can't
quite recall what." The Fly concentrated. "Doesn't it just drive
you crazy when you can almost think of something, and then, just
when you think you got it, it gets away from you?"
     "I know what you mean," said Ernie sympathetically.
     "Let me see now," said Captain Memory reflectively. He seemed
to be taking the Fly's problem very seriously. "That was: Rape,
Loot and Pillage?"
     Sterno frowned. "I don't think that's right."
     Captain Memory looked surprised. "What's wrong with it? It's
not a song title, is it?"
     "No." Sterno thought a moment. "It could be a heavy-metal rock
song. But I don't think it is."
     Captain Memory breathed a sigh of relief. "Well, that's one
less thing to worry about!" He fell silent; he seemed to be lost in
thought.
     Sterno continued. "I think it's supposed to be `loot, pillage,
and rape'."
     The Fly considered this. "`Loot, pillage, rape', not `loot,
rape, pillage'?"
     "How about `pillage, rape, loot'?" Ernie chimed in.
     The others glared at him. "Don't be ridiculous!" Sterno
snapped. 
     "Attila the Hun!" the Fly cried excitedly.
     "What?!" Ernie said exasperatedly. "What in the world does
that have to do with anything?"
     "That's what I was trying to think of!" The Fly was jubilant.
"Boy, do I feel better!" He turned to Captain Memory. "Hey, it was
Attila the Hun!"
     The Captain seemed to have sunk into a reverie. The Fly's
comment seemed to suddenly startle him out of it. "What? Oh, Attila
the Hun? Well, I guess. I can't think of anything better!" 
     Ernie didn't like the sound of this. "Wait a minute! What..."
But it was too late. 
     "0028 CE 21!" Captain Memory cried. The scene vanished.
                         CHAPTER 6
     The foursome found themselves standing on a grassy hill. In
this distance a column of smoke rose heavenward from a village that
was being pillaged - possibly looted and raped as well (it was too
far to see).
     "There you go, guys," said Captain Memory cheerfully. "Attila
the Hun! Now what?"
     "What do you mean, `Now what?'?" Ernie demanded. "If you don't
know what we're going to do here, then why did you bring us here?"
     "I thought you wanted to come here!" Captain Memory protested.
"It wasn't my idea! I was just trying to be nice! Actually, I
thought it was kind of a weird thing to do. I mean, we could have
gone to Vegas, we could have gone to Hawaii, but no, you want to go
see Attila the Hun!"
     "Well, whose idea was it, then?" Ernie wanted to know.
     "Well, it certainly wasn't MY idea!" Sterno demurred.
     They all looked at the Fly. He shifted uncomfortably. "Hey, I
was just making conversation, you know? I didn't mean we should
actually come and SEE Attila the Hun. I don't even know the guy,
you know?"
     Captain Memory chuckled. "How about that! We came all the way
to ancient Rome, and nobody really wanted to go at all! Funny how
things work out, isn't it? Well, I guess we'll just have to make
the best of it!"
     Ernie looked out across the fields. "How can we be in anciant
Rome, anyway?" he asked.
     "Educational software," the Captain explained. "THE HISTORY OF
THE WORLD database. All the schools have it."
     "Oh." Ernie looked down. He noticed they were standing on a
road. He would have assumed it was one of the famous Roman Roads,
except that it was made of yellow brick. Ernie was almost certain
that the Romans didn't build their roads out of yellow bricks, but
he decided not to say anything about it, just in case he was wrong.
He was sick of being made fun of.
     "I wonder where this road leads," Ernie speculated.
     "Rome," Sterno answered with certainty.
     "How do you know?" Ernie was skeptical.
     "Everybody knows that," Sterno answered with authority. "`All
Roads Lead to Rome'!"
     "Hey, that'll be fun!" the Fly chimed in. "Maybe we can get
togas! Maybe we can have a Toga party!" He started chanting. "Toga!
Toga! Toga!"
     "Yeah, maybe we can get shot full of arrows by the Huns, too,"
Ernie added glumly.
     They began walking down the yellow brick road. In the distance
a pall of smoke rose from nearby pillaged villages. "Hey, there's
a building up ahead!" the Fly observed.
     They walked nearer. "Oh, it's a Roman villa! They're supposed
to be very luxurious! Let's take a look at it!"
     Ernie was doubtful. "What if it's been pillaged?"
     "Don't be ridiculous!" Sterno snapped. "It's a `villa', not a
`village'! You can't very well pillage a `villa'! It doesn't even
rhyme!"
     "Oh...sorry," Ernie felt like he just couldn't stop making
mistakes.
     "They education they give young people these days!" Sterno
sniffed. "It's just a disgrace! Whatever happened to the classical
education? Where I come from, EVERYONE who is ANYONE has a
classical education!"
     "I don't have a classical education," the Fly commented.
     "My point exactly," Sterno smirked.
     The Fly frowned. "Hey, are you putting me down or something?"
     "Oh, perish forbid," said Sterno sneeringly. "Far be it from
me to put you down, when you do such a wonderful job of it
yourself!"
     "Oh, uh...thanks." The Fly seemed confused. He brightened.
"Say, do you suppose there'll be any beautiful harem girls in that
villa?"
     Sterno looked disgusted. "This is ROME! They don't have harems
in ROME! Only the Arabs have harems!"
     "Aww." The Fly seemed deeply disappointed.
     A thought occurred to Ernie. "Hey, this is ancient Rome!"
     "You just noticed that?" Sterno said sarcastically.
     "I'll bet this has something to do with the Dead Sea
Phonograph Records!"
     Sterno sighed disgustedly. "Will you PLEASE get off that Dead
Sea Phonograph Records business? You are the only person I know who
organizes their entire life around articles in sensational
tabloids! Why can't you worry about something serious, like alien
Elvis clones?"
     A serious look came over Ernie's face. "Do you suppose I
should?"
     Sterno sighed again. "Hopeless!"
     They approached the villa. A large white marble porch, held up
by Roman columns, greeted them. Ernie noticed something moving in
the shadows nearby. 
     The Fly peered at it. "Oh, it's a horse!" he exclaimed.
     The horse walked towards them out of the shadows. Ernie saw it
was a good-sized palomino, well-groomed, wearing a bridle.
Something looked a bit odd about it, but in this light Ernie
couldn't tell what it was. But then, he didn't really know that
much about horses anyway.
     The horse approached them.  "Hi there!" the horse said in a
deep, drawling voice.
     Sterno started. "A talking horse!"
     The horse started. "A talking dog!"
     Ernie sighed. "A talking horse, right. I guess I might have
expected something like that. What next?" There was a time when all
of this would have seemed very unusual to him, perhaps even
startling. Now, however, it was getting kind of routine. 
     The horse regained its composure. "Say, have any of you guys
seen my friend Wilbur around here?"
     The Fly regarded the horse carefully. "You know, this horse
looks very familiar. That voice sounds familiar, too."
     The horse tossed his mane. "Oh, maybe you've seen my TV show.
My name is Mr. Ed!"
     "Sure!" cried the Fly gleefully. "I used to love that show!"
He began to sing. "A horse is a horse, of course, of course..."
     "Will you please stop singing that stupid song?" snapped
Sterno irritatedly. "I've always hated that song!"
     "You don't like the theme song?" asked Mr. Ed incredulously.
"But everybody likes the theme song! It's one of the most popular
parts of the show!"
     "Well, I don't!" Sterno barked.
     Mr. Ed pawed the ground. "Well, I guess that's all you can
expect from a talking dog!"
     Sterno glared. "Where I come from, we grind up animals like
you and feed them to our pet humans!"
     Mr. Ed whinnied. "Let's not get personal, now!"
     "Hmmph!" Sterno fell silent.
     "Well..." said the Fly hesitantly. "I liked the theme song!"
     "Thank you," said Mr. Ed. "I'm glad somebody here has some
taste."
     "Gee, it's really neat to actually meet Mr. Ed," the Fly
enthused. "You know, I always thought your voice was, like, a
special effect or something."
     "A what?" asked the horse.
     "You know, like dubbed or something," the Fly explained. "I
mean, I thought you weren't really talking."
     "Why would you think a thing like that?" Mr. Ed wondered.
     A thought occurred to Ernie. "Say, Mr. Ed," he said to the
horse. "What are you doing in ancient Rome, anyway?"
     Mr. Ed tossed his mane. "You know," he said thoughtfully. "I
was just asking myself that very question!"
     Ernie narrowed his eyes suspiciously. That didn't seem to be
a very satisfactory answer to him.
     "Let's go inside, shall we?" suggested Sterno. "The smoke from
that burning village is bothering my sinuses."
     "Good idea!" said Mr. Ed, and led the way.
     They crossed the Roman-style marble porch, walked through an
open atrium with a gurgling fountain in the middle of it, and came
to a huge oak door covered with iron studs. Inside, was a 1950's
style suburban living room, complete with blond furniture and a
free-form coffee table.
     Ernie frowned. "You know, somehow this looks out of place to
me."
     Captain Memory sighed. "Now THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD database
is all screwed up, too. Somebody's teacher's gonna be really mad
about this!"
      Ernie continued to frown. "You notice that we come across an
awful lot of fifties-type stuff? How come we don't get forties
stuff, or seventies stuff? How come it's always fifties stuff?"
     Captain Memory sighed, and dropped heavily into the green
fifties-style sofa. "Oh, I'm sure there's a logical explanation for
it. I just can't think of it at the moment."
     Mr. Ed pawed the ground nervously. "Say, you're not suspicious
or anything, are you? There's nothing to be suspicious of!
Everything's perfectly safe!" Somehow, this reassurance failed to
make Ernie feel any better.
     Mr. Ed pointed his muzzle towards a large, floor model,
fifties-style television set. "Say, you wanna watch some TV?"
     "NO!" Ernie was not ready to cope with any more TV.
     Mr. Ed seemed taken aback. "You don't have to shout," he said
in a hurt tone, clopping off to the other side of the room.
     "Aww, now you hurt his feelings!" said the Fly accusingly. He
set off to try to console Mr. Ed.
     Captain Memory was pulling some objects out of hidden pockets
in his costume. "Ah, here it is!" he said, producing his favorite
item, the TV Guide.
      Ernie felt his stomach grumbling. He was getting really
hungry by now. He hadn't gotten anything to eat back at the
gingerbread cottage, when the others were stuffing their faces. He
was beginning to really regret that now. He noticed an open door at
the other end of the living room, and decided to go and investigate
     Through the door was a typical suburban kitchen. His eyes
immediately fixed on one object: the refrigerator. He threw it open
excitedly. Unfortunately, it was empty, except for a box of baking
soda. Maybe there would be something in the freezer? Ernie opened
the freezer door, and started back in horror. There, frozen into
immobility, was the most hideous, disgusting, totally alien
monstrosity that Ernie had ever seen. One of it's tentacles, or
pseudopods, or whatever they were, was frozen into the ice cube
tray. Another seemed to be reaching for a box of popsicles. Ernie's
stomach turned over, and he slammed the freezer door in disgust.
     Ernie ran back into the living room. "There's the most awful
thing in the freezer!" he exclaimed excitedly.
     "Oh yeah?" Captain Memory wasn't actually paying attention.
     "Yeah!" Ernie went on agitatedly. "It's some kind of weird,
alien thing, and it's frozen into the ice cube tray!"
     "Oh, yes," Sterno commented calmly. "Aliens in the ice cube
trays. We get them all the time. Rather a nuisance. Unsanitary,
don't you know."
     "What?!"
     "Must you always shout?" Sterno said reprovingly. "I have very
delicate hearing, you know."
     "Oh, um, sorry," Ernie was embarrassed. Apparently no-one
seemed to consider the alien very important.
     Sterno thought a moment. "Were there, by any chance, some
popsicles in that refrigerator?"
     Ernie was surprised. "Uh, yeah, there were. How did you know
that?"
     "Oh, yes," Sterno continued. "They're always found with
popsicles, you know. That's why they come to Earth, we believe. To
steal popsicles. But then, they accidentally step into the ice cube
tray in the "Quick Chill" section, and get frozen stiff."
     "Wasn't that a movie?" the Fly chimed in, momentarily breaking
off his conversation with Mr. Ed.
     The word "movie" caught Captain Memory's attention. "Oh yeah?"
     "Sure," the Fly went on enthusiastically. "I remember that
now. `THE THING'! It was a '50's science fiction movie about this
alien frozen into the ice at the North Pole."
     "Great movie!" Captain Memory agreed. "With James Arness as
the Thing!"
     "I thought James Arness was Marshall Matt Dillon on
`Gunsmoke'," said the Fly, puzzled.
     "Mmm hmm," Captain Memory agreed. "But he was also the alien."
     "Imagine that!" the Fly shook his head wonderingly. "Marshall
Matt Dillon was an alien! No wonder he was so quick on the draw!"
     Ernie fidgeted anxiously. "So, what should I do about it?"
     "About what?" Sterno asked, only half paying attention.
     "The ALIEN!" Ernie cried.
     "Please!" winced Sterno, putting his paws over his ears.
     "Oh. Sorry." Ernie lowered his voice.
     "That's better," Sterno lowered his paws. "Just don't thaw it
out."
     "Leave it?"
     "DON'T thaw it out!" Sterno repeated emphatically.
     Ernie considered this. "Why would aliens steal popsicles?" he
wondered.
     "Because they haven't any money, I suppose," Sterno mused.
"They can't buy them if they haven't any money, now can they? I
suppose they'll just have to steal them, then!"
     "Uh..." Ernie felt unsatisfied by this line of reasoning.
     "They can't very well just go out and get jobs, now can they?"
Sterno continued. "After all, who'd hire an alien? McDonalds? Would
you really want to buy a hamburger from an alien?"
     Ernie thought about the frozen alien, and his stomach flipped
over again. "Um, no..."
     "Well, that proves it, then!" Sterno leaned back triumphantly.
     Ernie sighed, and sat down on the sofa. The others all seemed
absorbed in their own pursuits. Ernie fidgeted uncomfortably. His
stomach growled. He was beginning to get ravenously hungry. He
looked at the kitchen door. Maybe he could try the kitchen one more
time.
     The kitchen looked a lot like something out of a 1950's
`Better Homes & Gardens' magazine. It was painted in cheerful
colors, with cast-iron trivets hanging on the walls as decorations.
Ernie would have found it quite homey, if he hadn't known that
there was a Thing in the freezer. Avoiding the refrigerator, he
walked over to a row of cabinets and began rummaging through them.
     The contents of the cabinets turned out to be disappointing.
There were none of Ernie's favorite foods. He looked through the
containers. `Hearts of Toad'? No. `Poisonberry Yogurt?' I don't
think so. What's this? Ernie grabbed a box of what appeared to be
peanut brittle. `Great!' he thought. `I love peanut brittle!' He
was just about to tear into it, when he noticed the label:
`Cockroach Crunch'. He put it back gingerly. He decided that
perhaps he wasn't all that hungry after all.
     Ernie was just about to give up and go back into the living
room, when he noticed a familiar-looking object on the counter
nearby. He looked at it more closely. It seemed to be an old
1950's-style coffee maker. It seemed to Ernie that he could sure
use a cup of coffee right now.  He examined it more closely. `Hey!
This is Bakelite! Genuine Bakelite! This must be one of the first
coffee makers ever made! What a treasure! Plastic collectors would
pay a fortune for this!' He picked it up and carried it into the
living room.
     "Hey, guys!" Ernie announced. "Look what I found!"
     Captain Memory started as he saw what Ernie was carrying.
"Wow! Where'd you get that?"
     Ernie was excited. "It was just sitting on the counter in the
kitchen!"
     "Do you know what that is?" Captain Memory enthused. "That's
a Psion Megaforce Generator! I wonder what it's doing on this
planet?"
     Ernie's heart sank. "Does this mean I'm not going to get a cup
of coffee?"
     Captain Memory continued to enthuse. "Wow! A Psion Megaforce
Generator! Right here! Right in our own living room!"
     Sterno, who, up to this point had not been paying any
attention, looked up irritatedly. "What? What kind of nonsense are
you going on about now?"
     "It's a Psion Megaforce Generator! I can't believe it!" The
Captain seemed really enraptured by it.
     "I just can't tell you how thrilled I am about that," Sterno
yawned. "Or rather, I could, but I'd rather not be impolite. So,
instead, why don't you just tell us what this thing is supposed to
be?"
     "It's a Psion Megaforce Generator!" The Captain was, indeed,
very excited.
     Sterno sighed. "Okay. We understand that. Now, why don't you
just calm down, and tell us what it's supposed to do."
     Captain Memory seemed taken aback. "Do?"
     Sterno spoke each word slowly and carefully, as though talking
to a small child. "What is it supposed to do?"
     Captain Memory shifted uncomfortably. "Hmmm, lemme think. Uh,
I used to know that. I used to know all that stuff..."
     Sterno repeated himself, speaking even more slowly and
carefully, as though to someone who did not speak English very
well. "What is it supposed to do?"
     Ernie examined the device. He turned to Captain Memory. "Are
you sure this thing is really a Psion Megaforce Generator?"
     "Oh, absolutely!" The Captain looked very relieved that
someone had broken the awkward silence.
     "Then how come it says `Mr. Coffee' on it?"
     "It's a `Mr. Coffee' brand Psion Megaforce Generator. What's
wrong with that?" the Captain wanted to know.
     Ernie was becoming more and more skeptical. "So, how come it
says `makes 1-4 cups. Drip grind only'?"
     "Well, uh, I'm sure there's a logical explanation for that,"
Captain Memory said evasively. "I just can't quite think of it at
the moment."
     Ernie narrowed his eyes suspiciously. "Are you sure this isn't
a coffee maker?"     
     "Uh..." Captain Memory stopped. Suddenly, his eyes lit up.
"I've got it! NOW I remember! Of course, why didn't I think of it?
Now I remember what a Psion Megaforce Generator is supposed to do!"
     Sterno was not impressed. "Okay. What?"
     "It makes coffee!" Captain Memory cried out triumphantly.
     Ernie set the coffee maker on the table and sat down on the
sofa, rubbing his head wearily. Why did everything always have to
be so complicated?
     Captain Memory looked around at everyone, obviously
disappointed. Sterno was pointedly looking in another direction.
The Fly was talking to Mr. Ed. Ernie was wearily cradling his head
in his hands. No-one seemed to be greeting the Captain's
announcement with much enthusiasm.
     "Of course, I could be wrong," The Captain said tentatively.
     No-one answered.
     Ernie began examining the coffee maker. He wasn't quite sure
how to work an old model like this. He turned it over. There seemed
to be some directions on the bottom, but the were all covered with
coffee stains, and were practically impossible to read. He would
probably just have to figure it out himself.
     "Wait a minute!" The Captain said urgently.
     Ernie looked up. "Now what?"
     "It just occurred to me that, uh," Captain Memory looked
embarrassed. "Maybe the Psion Megaforce Generator doesn't make
coffee after all."
     "So what does it do instead? Make tea?"
     "Um, no." The Captain looked uncomfortable. "I think it, uh,
destroys planets."
     Ernie gave the Captain a disgusted look.
     "There, uh, isn't any place to put peanut butter in that
thing, is there?" the Captain asked intensely.
     Ernie examined it. "No."
     "Nothing about peanut butter? No little door, or compartment
or anything?"
     Ernie looked it over. "Nope."
     The Captain seemed relieved. "Okay, okay. Forget that. Forget
I said anything about peanut butter. I'm absolutely sure that it,
uh, destroys planets. Or makes coffee. It for sure either destroys
planets or makes coffee!" Captain Memory beamed, pleased with
himself for having solved this difficult problem.
     Ernie examined the machine more closely. There was a lever on
the top which was labelled `Mild' on one side, and `Full' on the
other. He also found a two-position switch on the side. There were
little words printed next to each position. Unfortunately, the ink
had rubbed off of them, and they were very difficult to read. Ernie
peered closely. He wasn't sure, but the positions seemed to be
labelled "Brew" and "Destroy."  Ernie sighed. He was rapidly losing
interest in the entire subject. Idly, he flipped the switch.
     Instantly, the earth rumbled, the building shook. Ernie
hastily flipped the switch back again.
     Sterno turned to Ernie irritatedly. "Who did that? Did you do
that?"
     "Uh, yeah, I..."
     "Well, you could at least excuse yourself!" Sterno snapped.
     "Oh. Sorry." Somehow, Ernie always seemed to wind up feeling
that he was at fault.
     Captain Memory was beaming. "Well, that settles that, doesn't
it? It destroys planets! I was right all along! Of course I was!"
     Ernie regarded the device ruefully. He noticed a small, faded
tag on the side which read "WARNING: Follow instructions carefully.
The manufacturer assumes no responsibility for damage to planets
due to failure to follow said instructions. Such failure will also
void your warranty." Ernie sighed. "There goes my cup of coffee."
     Captain Memory returned to consulting his TV Guide. An object
on the coffee table caught Ernie's attention. It was a small
rectangular object wrapped in paper. He picked it up. It seemed to
be a candy bar. Ernie's stomach started grumbling again. He was
feeling very sorry for himself at the moment. He hadn't had
anything to eat for a very long time. How come everybody else got
to eat, but not him? He couldn't even get a cup of coffee! He
unwrapped the object. It looked like a candy bar. It smelled like
a candy bar. A wave of guilt suddenly came over him. He probably
shouldn't eat it. It probably belonged to Captain Memory. But then,
on the other hand, maybe it had been on the coffee table all along,
and he just hadn't noticed it. Ernie brightened. In any case, that
sounded like a good excuse to him. He took a bite. Quite tasty,
although it did have an odd crunch. He ate the rest of the bar, and
tossed the wrapper under the sofa.
     Ernie was beginning to feel somewhat better. Suddenly, the
telephone rang. Ernie looked at Captain Memory. Captain Memory
looked at Ernie. "Well?" the Captain demanded.
     "Uh, the telephone's ringing," said Ernie uncomfortably.
     "Are you going to answer it?" the Captain wanted to know.
     "Um, you want me to answer it?"
     "Well, it's on your side!" It was, indeed, sitting on an end
table right next to Ernie.
     "I thought they didn't have telephones in ancient Rome," said
Ernie uneasily.
     "For god's sake, answer the telephone already!" cried Sterno.
"That ringing is driving me crazy!"
     Ernie picked up the phone. "Yo!" cried the voice on the other
end. "Ernie Ross, right?"
     "Uh, yeah," answered Ernie uneasily. He wasn't expecting to
get any calls in ancient Rome.
     "Dis is Vito. We got a little matter to discuss about
a...uh...$195,412,771,213,312,032.29, PLUS INTEREST, you know what
I mean? We're gonna get dis money, you know what I mean? So, uh,
are you gonna make it easy on yourself and give it to us now, or
are we gonna have to get it outta you, like, da hard way?"
     "Well, look, I got this problem..."Ernie began desperately.
     "You tink you gotta problem now," Vito interrupted. "It ain't
nothin' compared to the problem you gonna have if you don't pay
up!"
     "Well..."Ernie tried again.
     "Look!" Vito broke in. "I'm comin to get da money, punk, and
you better have it, OR ELSE!" He hung up.
     Ernie turned to Captain Memory. "Maybe we should go someplace
else," he suggested.
     "Okay," said the Captain agreeably. "Where?"
     Ernie concentrated. "I know!" he said brightly. "How about we
go to the Middle East and look for the Dead Sea Phonograph
Records?"
     Sterno moaned. "Not THAT again!"
     The Captain looked doubtful. "It's kind of a long walk!"
     Ernie frowned. "Can't you just transport us there?"
     "Well, you know, I don't really like to do that too often,"
answered the Captain. "There's always a certain amount of risk.
With these locations changing all the time, there's always a chance
of a FATAL ERROR creeping in, and..."
     "Okay, okay," said Ernie quickly. "Forget I said it, okay?"
     "Have it your way", said the Captain agreeably.
     Ernie sighed. All of this was just too much for him. "If only
we had some kind of vehicle or something. A spaceship, or even a
car!"
     Captain Memory looked thoughtful. "Oh, you want a spaceship?"
     "You have a SPACESHIP?" Ernie cried.
     "Well, it's just a little something I take out on the
weekends," the Captain explained modestly. "It's no big deal. I
mean, it doesn't have a kitchen, or a porta-john or anything. It's
just for short hops, like around the solar system or something.
It's called the Luna C."
     "Lunacy?" Sterno inquired.
     "Oh, no," Captain Memory laughed. The Luna C."
     "Why C?" Ernie was curious.
     "Well, you know, after the Luna A and the Luna B, there's the
Luna C!" Captain Memory explained.
     "So, what happened to the Luna A and the Luna B?" Sterno
wanted to know.
     Captain Memory suddenly became very quiet. After a few
moments, he muttered "Well...well...it wasn't my fault!"
     Ernie frowned. "What wasn't?"
     "It was a stupid place to put a planet anyway!" Captain Memory
went on, suddenly indignant. "I mean, how was I supposed to know
there was a planet in that sector! Nobody would've expected a
planet to be in that sector!"
     "A planet?" Ernie asked incredulously.
     "Well, okay, okay," Captain Memory continued defensively.
"Maybe I was a little way out of the spacelane. It could happen to
anybody! A couple of light-years this way or that..."
     "A couple of light years?" Sterno inquired.
     "Okay, okay," Captain Memory seemed very ill-at-ease. "So
maybe I had a couple of drinks. Big deal! I mean, I was at a party,
right? What do you want me to do, just stand around all night?
Okay, so maybe I shouldn't have been doing Warp 9 in a Warp 3 zone.
So I made a little mistake. Big deal! I mean, what am I supposed to
do, pay for this the rest of my life, or what?"
     "Let me get this straight," Sterno said. "You hit a planet at
Warp 9?"
     "It was a stupid place to put a planet," Captain Memory
repeated petulantly. "It should've had a guard rail, or something."
     "So what happened?" Ernie asked incredulously.
     "Oh," Captain Memory looked at the ground. "I hadda pay for
it."
     "You had to pay for a PLANET?"
     "Well, I had insurance..." the Captain said brightly. "Um,
that is, I had insurance..." He trailed off.
     Sterno caught the drift. "You don't have insurance any more?"
     Captain Memory looked very uncomfortable. "Well, my premiums
kind of went up..."
     Sterno thought for a moment. "You said there was a Luna A and
a Luna B. That accounts for one of them. What happened to the other
one?"
     Captain Memory fidgeted. "Can't we talk about something else?"
     Sterno rolled his eyes upward. "So, are you going to be flying
this spaceship?"
     "Well, uh, no..." the Captain began.
     "Thank Heavens!" Sterno broke in.
     "I would, I mean, I could," Captain Memory continued. "Just as
soon as I get my license back..."
     Sterno sighed. "So, what are we supposed to do, wait?"
     "No, no," the Captain said reassuringly. "They gave me a
pilot."
     Sterno breathed a sigh of relief.
     "So, where is  this spaceship?" Ernie asked excitedly. He was
really looking forward to the prospect of seeing a real live
spaceship.
     "I left it parked up in orbit," the Captain explained. "Want
me to call it down?"
     "SURE!"
     "Okay." The Captain began looking around. "Where's my remote
control? I had it here a minute ago!"
     Ernie began looking around as well. "What does it look like?"
     "Oh, it's about so," Captain Memory motioned with his hands to
indicated a rectangle about six inches long. "It's wrapped in white
paper."
     Ernie began to feel uneasy. "What color was it? Under the
paper, that is?"
     The Captain was still looking around. "It's brown, and kind of
soft." The Captain looked under the sofa. "That's funny. Here's the
paper from it, but it's all crumpled up! And the remote is gone!"
     Ernie began to get a real bad feeling in the pit of his
stomach. "Um, was it, by any chance, uh, chocolate?"
     "Well, sure! After all, it was either that or strawberry!" The
Captain laughed. "I couldn't very well have a strawberry remote,
could I?"
     Ernie moaned quietly. "Uh, I think I know what happened to
it."
     Sterno looked at Ernie, aghast. "You DIDN'T!"
     Ernie nodded sadly.
     Sterno turned to Captain Memory. "He ATE it!"
     Captain Memory looked at Ernie incredulously. "How could you
EAT a remote control unit?"
     "Well..." Ernie was embarrassed. "Actually, it was pretty
good!" Suddenly, a disturbing thought occurred to him. "Say, it's
not poison or anything, is it?"
     Captain Memory looked thoughtful. "I don't know, nobody's ever
eaten one before." He thought a moment. "I guess we'll find out,
won't we?"
     Ernie moaned quietly. "Well...well...If they're gonna make a
remote control unit that looks like a candy bar, they ought to put
a warning on it or something!"
     "They did," Captain Memory answered.
     "I didn't see any warning!" cried Ernie indignantly. "All I
saw was a piece of blank white paper!"
     "That's the warning," the Captain explained. "It means `Don't
Eat this Remote Control Unit' in Franglian."
     "Franglian?"
     "You know, like they speak on the planet Franglia?" Captain
Memory acted as though this were perfectly obvious to everyone.
     "But nobody on Earth speaks Franglian!" Ernie protested.
     Captain Memory considered this. "Well, then I guess it's not
much good, is it?"  He pulled out his TV Guide. "Hey, you wanna
watch some TV?"
     Ernie's stomach was beginning to feel very bad indeed.
Actually, watching TV was about the last thing he wanted to do, but
considering the looks everyone was giving him at the moment, he
thought perhaps he had just better keep his mouth shut.
     The Fly and Mr. Ed returned from the other side of the room.
Mr. Ed seemed to have cheered up considerably. "Hey, what's on TV?"
the Fly asked Captain Memory.
     "Let me see," the Captain leafed through the pages. "Wanna
watch a movie? How about `Beach Blanket Chainsaw Massacre'? `Irate
viewers get sick of aging beach stars and cut them up with power
tools', with Frankie Avalon, Annette Funicello, Lucille Ball, and
Desi Arnaz."
     "Maybe," said the Fly thoughtfully. "What else is on?"
     "You like horror movies?" said the Captain. "How about
`Goldfish from Hell'? `Suburban family discovers their pet is
possessed by evil spirits', with Flipper, Lucille Ball, and Desi
Arnaz.
     "Nah," said the Fly. "I don't like horror movies."
     "How about `Gidget Goes Berserk'? `Gidget gets a chainsaw for
Christmas and..."
     "Oh no," Sterno broke in. "I simply cannot tolerate Gidget
movies!"
     "How about `Kung-Fu Tigers Go Hawaiian', with Bruce Lee,
Lucille Ball, and Desi Arnaz?"
     Ernie noticed something odd about the TV listings. "Say,
doesn't it seem a little strange that Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz
are in all these different movies?"
     "No, I don't think it's strange at all," drawled Mr. Ed. "Do
you?"
     Sterno glared at Ernie. "After all YOU'VE done, I should think
you'd be content to sit quietly and mind your own business!"
     "Hey, you'll like this!" Captain Memory said to the Fly.
"Wanna watch the `Miss Galaxy Pageant'?"
     "Sure thing!" the Fly enthused. "Turn it on!"
     "Okay, I'll get up and turn it on. I'll have to get up
because," The Captain glared at Ernie. "I don't have a remote!"
Ernie shrank into his seat.
     The Captain turned on the television. "...and here's our
celebrity judges, Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz!" The camera panned
in to the two celebrities.
     `That's odd,' thought Ernie. `They don't look the way I
remember them. I don't recall them having such pointy teeth. Oh
well, it's probably just the lighting, or something.'
     "Now, our first contestant..." The girls began parading by.
Ernie noticed that the girls in this pageant didn't look quite like
the one's he was used to seeing. For one thing, they were all a lot
plumper than the beauty queens at home. None of them seemed to have
much personality, either. They all looked sort of bovine.
     "Isn't she a delicious young lady," the announcer was saying.
"Look at those scrumptious legs, those mouth-watering shoulders,
those tender, juicy thighs!"
     "Gee, these girls aren't very cute!" said the Fly,
disappointed. "Not like at home!"
     "They look positively delicious to me!" commented Mr. Ed.
     Ernie looked at Mr. Ed suspiciously. That seemed to him to be
a very strange comment to be coming from a horse. But then, come to
think of it, any comment was strange coming from a horse. 
     "You wanna watch something else?" Captain Memory asked the
Fly.
     "No, no, that's okay," said the Fly quickly. "I'm sure they'll
get better!"
     The pageant continued. "...our next mouth-watering
contestant..." The camera cut to the celebrity judges. They seemed
to be drooling slightly. A little forked tongue seemed to dart in
and out of their mouths. Or maybe it was just a trick of the light.
Ernie felt uneasy. Beauty pageants at home weren't like this. He
decided to try not to look at it. He regarded the horse instead.
     There was definitely something peculiar about that horse,
Ernie decided. It seemed to be somewhat lumpy and misshapen. There
seemed to be a line going around its middle, almost like a seam.
Why would a horse have a seam?
     "...the new Miss Galaxy!" The shouts and applause drew Ernie's
attention back to the television, where the winning contestant was
being crowned. "And now.." The celebrity judges leaned forward
expectantly. Their broad grins revealed rows of needle-sharp teeth.
Their forked tongues flicked in and out of their mouths in
anticipation. "...it's CARVING TIME!" The announcer whipped out a
whirring chainsaw and advanced on the hapless Miss Galaxy, who
struggled feebly while the two runner-ups held her in place.
     "Oh man!" the Fly complained. "I told you, I don't like horror
movies! They give me the creeps! Let's watch something else!" He
changed the channel.
     A commercial was on the new station. A man was sitting behind
a desk, looking deadpan directly at the camera. The phone on the
desk began to ring. "Does your heart sink when the telephone
rings," the man said. "Because of bill collectors constantly
threatening you about unpaid debts?"
     `Hmm,' Ernie thought. `As a matter of fact, it does."
     "Why not call Acme Debt Counseling Service?" the commercial
continued. "We've helped millions avoid the nightmare of bad debts.
We'll set up a payment plan you can afford, and get those bill
collectors off your back once and for all. Call today!"
     `That's an idea,' Ernie thought. `I don't know if it'll work,
but it's worth a try. Maybe they can keep Vito away long enough for
us to get out of here, at least!' He picked up the phone and dialed
the number that was displayed at the bottom of the screen.
     "Acme Debt Counseling Service," a woman's voice answered.
     "Yeah, I just..." Ernie began.
     "Ah, Mr. Ross!" A man's voice cut in. "We've been expecting
you! I have your file right here in front of me!"
     "Oh." Ernie was taken aback. How could they have known he was
going to call?
     "You'll be pleased to know that we've worked out a very
convenient payment plan to take care of this matter," the man
continued. "The collection agency has agreed to accept the payment
plan, and has agreed to call off Vito, who was on his way
to...well, we'd rather not say what Vito was going to do. But
anyway, you don't need to worry about that now. Everything is all
taken care of!" Ernie heaved a sigh of relief. This collection
agency business was really beginning to bother him. They seemed to
be able to find him, no matter where in time or space he was. He
was really glad that he wasn't going to have to worry about it any
more.
     "We've broken this down into small, easy-to-afford weekly
payments," the man on the phone continued. "Now, if you'll just
send in the first week's payment - in cash, of course," the man
laughed. "You can't expect us to accept a check from someone with
YOUR credit history - we'll get the ball rolling on this!"
     "Um, how much is the payment?" Ernie asked hesitantly.
     "Only $412,865,945.43 a week!" the main exclaimed glowingly.
"Hey, don't thank us, it's our job!"
     "Uh..um..ahem," Ernie cleared his throat nervously.
     The man on the phone stopped. There was an awkward silence.
"You're NOT going to tell us you don't have $412,865,945.43, are
you?"
     "Uh, well..."Ernie began. "Um, I don't exactly have that much
on me, right now, that is. If you could give me a little time...a
couple of years, maybe...?"
     The man on the phone sighed. "Oh, that IS unfortunate! Well,
there may still be something we can do. I'll have to talk to my
supervisor about this. Please hold!" The man's voice disappeared,
and tinny Muzak came over the receiver in it's place.
     Ernie sighed. Well, he hadn't really thought that was going to
work anyway. Still, maybe they could come up with something yet. He
waited, listening to low-fidelity versions of 1950's pop hits
played by the Million and One Strings. Ernie sighed again. He hated
being left on hold.
     After what seemed a very long time the man's voice reappeared.
"Good news!" he exclaimed cheerfully. "My supervisor said we may
still be able to work something out!"
     Ernie breathed a sigh of relief. "Great!"
     The man continued. "My supervisor says that if you don't have
the cash right now, we might be able to accept something else of
value instead."
     "Like what?" Ernie couldn't imagine what he might have with
him that would be worth $412,865,945.43.
     "Oh, I don't know. Just some little thing," the man said
evasively. "Like, maybe...your brain."
     "MY BRAIN!" Ernie shrieked.
     "Now, now, don't get excited," the man said soothingly. "After
all, what's one little brain among friends? You'll never miss it!"
     "FORGET IT!" Ernie slammed down the phone.
     Mr. Ed shook his head sadly. "I think you should have taken
that deal," he advised.
     "Forget it! I'm not going to give them my brain!" He glared at
the horse. "What business is it of yours, anyway?"
     "Hey!" The Fly interceded. "Don't pick on Mr. Ed!" He stroked
the horse. "Nice horsey!"
     "Why not give them your brain?" Sterno suggested. "You never
use it!"
     Ernie glared. "Leave me alone!"
      Ernie looked at the TV.  Black-and-white images of Lucille
Ball and Desi Arnaz were on the screen. Lucy seemed to be upset
about something. "What are we watching, anyway? More `I Love Lucy'
reruns?"
     Captain Memory looked at the TV Guide. "That's funny. This is
supposed to be a movie called `Nazi Cheerleaders from Planet X'."
     Ernie looked at the TV. "Oh yeah? Who's in it?"
     Captain Memory consulted the TV Guide. "Let me see, uh...
Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz."
     Ernie frowned. "I dunno. It looks an awful lot like `I Love
Lucy' to me." Ernie thought a moment. "Doesn't it strike you as
just a little bit odd that absolutely EVERYTHING on TV right now
has Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz in it?"
     "No, I don't think that's odd at all," said Mr. Ed in his
typical, low-voiced drawl. "Why shouldn't Lucille Ball and Desi
Arnaz be in everything? They're probably the two greatest
performers who ever lived!"
     "Huh?" Ernie didn't know how to answer that.
     "In fact," Mr. Ed went on rapturously. "I'd say that they are
definitely the finest performers that show business has ever
produced, the greatest that ever COULD be produced, in fact, in all
of time and space, no-one, anywhere in the universe, could possibly
even approach the greatness of Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz!"
     "Oh, come off it!" snapped Sterno irritatedly. "They're just
a couple of second-rate TV actors!"
     "Ay, carramba!" Mr. Ed cried furiously. "What chu talkin'
about! Dey de greatest! Especialmente Desi Arnaz, de greatest Cuban
bandleader in de world!"
     Ernie looked at Mr. Ed suspiciously. "Hey, what happened to
your voice? Where did you get that Cuban accent?"
     Mr. Ed was flustered. "Hey man, I...uh...oh.." Something very
peculiar seemed to be happening to Mr. Ed. He seemed to be writhing
in a very un-horselike manner.
     Suddenly, Mr. Ed fell in half. Both halves lay on the floor,
each writhing independently. Ernie was stunned. He stared at the
two halves of Mr. Ed, jaws open with astonishment. Suddenly, a head
covered with rolled red curls popped out of the back half of Mr.
Ed. "Oh, uh, hi guys!" It was Lucy.
     Lucy turned to the front half of Mr. Ed, which was still
writhing on the floor. "Oh, Ricky! I told you to let me be the
front half of the horse! Now look what's happened!"
     A voice came from the front half of Mr. Ed. "Lucy! I stuck in
dis horse suit! Help me out, okay?" The front half of Mr. Ed
thrashed wildly, filling the room with the sound of thuds and
maracas.
     Lucy struggled out of her half of the horse suit, and ran over
to help Ricky. However, the more she tried to help him, the more
tangled up he got.
     The Fly looked ruefully at the horse suit. "Poor Mr. Ed!"
     Ernie turned to Captain Memory. "Now what?"
     The Captain was still reading his TV Guide. "How about `She-
Devils of Green Gables', with Shirley Temple and..." He was
interrupted by a loud pounding on the door. "Open up!"
     They all looked up, startled. The pounding came again. "Open
da door, punk! I know you're in dere!"
     Lucy turned to Ricky, who was still stuck in the horse suit.
"Oh, Ricky! It's Vito! Let him in, will you? Maybe he can get our
brain from that awful Ernie person!" She glared at Ernie.
     Ricky struggled in the horse outfit. "You got to get me out of
here!" He cried, distressed. "I can't see nuttin' in dis suit!"
     Ernie turned to Captain Memory. "I think we ought to get out
of here, okay?"
     The Captain continued to peruse his TV Guide. "Oh, you'll like
this one! `A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to Attila the Hun'
with Zero Mostel and..."
     Ernie paced anxiously. "Look, we've got to do something! All
these people are after my brain!"
     Sterno shrugged. "Call the police!"
     Ernie started. The police! That was worth a try. He grabbed
the phone, and dialed `911'.
     Ernie fidgeted impatiently while the phone rang. He heard the
sound of the phone being taken off the hook. "You gotta help me..."
he began.
     He stopped. The voice on the other end was a recording: "We're
sorry, all of our officers are busy at the moment. If you're being
murdered, please leave a clue, and one of our detectives will
contact your next-of-kin as soon as possible. Thank you, and have
a nice day!" Ernie slammed the phone down disgustedly.
     Vito pounded on the door again. "Open up!" Ernie looked
apprehensively at Ricky, who was still struggling to get out of the
horse suit. "Look, I really think we ought to get out of here!
Like, NOW!"
     Captain Memory looked up in annoyance. "Well, if you're going
to be that way about it...!" He got up and strode across the living
room, and through an open doorway which seemed to lead into the
kitchen.
     "Hey, wait for me!" cried Ernie, chasing after him. As he ran,
he grabbed the Psion Megaforce Generator. He wasn't about to leave
a fortune in precious Bakelite behind! He continued to follow the
Captain. He didn't know where Captain Memory was going, but he
figured it would have to be an improvement. 
     The Captain walked through the next room, which was the
typical suburban kitchen, opened a typical suburban back door, and
stepped outside. Ernie and the others followed quickly behind him.
     They found themselves once again standing in a countryside of
green rolling hills. The village in the distance seemed to have
burned itself out, and only feeble wisps of smoke were rising from
     "I'm awfully glad we got out of there," commented Sterno. "It
was really getting dreadfully noisy! My ears are very sensitive,
you know."
     The Fly was the last of the group to leave the villa. He shook
his head sadly. "Poor Mr. Ed! It must have been a real shock to
him, falling in half like that!"
     Ernie considered trying to explain the situation to him, but
decided it wasn't worth the trouble. He turned to Captain Memory.
"Now what?"
     Captain Memory looked around. "Nice day, isn't it?"
     Ernie tapped his feet impatiently. "I think it would be a good
idea if we went someplace else! They're going to be coming after us
any minute now!"
     "Not after US," Sterno corrected. "After YOU."
     Ernie frowned. "Yeah. They want my brain. They don't want your
brain."
     Sterno thought about this, and decided he was offended. "Well!
That just shows what those silly aliens know! If they knew anything
about brains at all, they'd realize mine is clearly superior!"
     An idea occurred to Ernie. "Yeah, you're right. Maybe I should
tell them?"
     Sterno frowned. "You know, I think we should go someplace
else. It's suddenly become awfully boring around here!"
     "Nice day for a walk, don't you think?" said Captain Memory,
strolling off towards the yellow brick road. The others followed
quickly.
                            CHAPTER 7
     After a few minutes walking, the four travelers through
Cyberspace began to see an encampment of some kind in the distance.
     "What do you suppose that is?" Ernie wondered.
     "I dunno," commented Captain Memory. "Want to turn around and
go the other way?"
