          couple of rolls of electrical tape, and a big old overcoat
          with the pockets worn through.
             The floor was covered with, among other things, a
          massive toolbox that was so full the top refused to close,
          numerous oil-stained rags (our old socks and undershorts
          mostly),  pop bottles, empty Pall Mall packs and a few
          Lucky Strike tins, a couple of Ball jars of vegetables
          that never made it inside from Grandma's house, and a
          monstrous tangled wad that consisted mostly of jumper
          cables, odd lengths of rope, TV antenna wire - and the
          cord to the electric drill.
              I once peeked inside the glove box, just out of
          curiosity. It was completely empty, except for a magazine
          that had a picture of a woman on the front.  Best I can
          remember, she wasn't wearing much.
              Every Saturday morning, Dad would `run errands'.
          He'd often take me with him.  And we'd usually stop
          somewhere for candy or sodas along the way.
              Needless to say, that one Saturday morning brightened
          immensely when Dad asked, "Want to ride with me to the
          hardware store?"  I blurted an enthusiastic "Sure!"  And
          off we went.
              Sometimes, as I started to get in, stuff would come
          rolling out on the ground when I'd open the passenger side
          door.  After Dad would reach across and clear a spot for
          me, I'd have to quickly toss it back in and scramble up on
          the seat, slamming the door before it all rolled out
          again.
             I always enjoyed riding in Dad's truck.  Papers
          shuffled, keys tinkled, and tools and bottles clanked and
          rattled at odd moments.  It was like being inside a
          rolling music box!  And I'd often get to watch through the
          cracked mirror just outside my window to see something
          that had found a hole in the truck's bed go rolling down
          the road for a ways, trying to follow us I imagined.
              Also, the clutch had been slipping for some time.
          Dad would just race the engine and let his foot slip off
          the pedal, the truck would eventually start to move.
              I think Dad had to replace some tool that he couldn't
          find that day, so he could fix the washing machine again.
          (With a family of six, what do you expect?)  He probably
          already had at least two of the right tool in the back.
          Truth is, once anything went into Dad's truck, it rarely
          came out again, on purpose anyway.
              I had decided to wait in the truck at the hardware
          store.  It was too much work getting in and out.  Of
          course, if the hardware store had sold candy, that would
          have been a different matter.
              As Dad got back in the truck, with new tool in hand,
          I looked in my mirror.  The outside mirror on Dad's side
          had been missing since before I can remember.  The one at
          the top of the windshield was useless, on account of the
          topper-box.
              "Dad," I said.  "There's somebody behind us."
              Racing the engine, he let go of the clutch pedal and
          the truck started moving backward.
              "Its okay," he replied.  "We can get by them."
              "But they're getting closer," I warned.
              "We'll miss 'em," he reassured me.
              Just then the driver of the other truck started
          beeping his horn.
              "I think we're gonna hit them."  I mumbled, tucking
          myself beneath the dash as best I could.
              "No we won't, Son," Dad replied as the truck picked
          up speed.
              Ka - LUNK!
              I was instantly and, I feared at the time,
          permanently buried beneath catalogs, newspapers, cards,
          letters, and junk.
              Feeling movement above me, I carefully raised my
          head. Dad was shoveling away the debris with his hands.
              "Are you all right?" he asked.
              "Sure. I'm fine." I caught my breath as he cleared a
          place for me on the seat.
              Later, as we were returning home, Dad turned.
              "Pretty fast way to clean off the dash, wasn't it?"
              "Sure was," I smiled.
              Dad finally sold that old truck, a couple of years
          before he passed away.  It had become a home for lost mice
          by then anyway.
              About a year ago, I bought an old truck of my own.  I
          haven't tried to wash or wax it yet, Lord knows you can't
          wax rust.
              But I keep the inside as clean as a whistle.
              Well okay, sort of.
                       THE ELVES AND THE SHOEMAKER
   Once upon a time there lived a poor shoemaker. He lived in misery because 
as he grew old he could not see all that well anymore and, consequently he 
could not work like he used to.
   One night he went to bed sad, without finishing a repair job he had begun. 
In the morning he found the job done.
   During the day he set out all the tools and material necessary to make a 
new pair of shoes for a rich customer.
   "Tomorrow morning, when it will be sunny and bright, I will begin working 
on them," he thought. But the morning after, instead of the leather he had 
left the night before, the shoemaker was very surprised to find a beautiful 
pair of brand new shoes. Later on in the day, the customer went by the shop to
see how his new shoes were coming along. When he found a very nice pair of 
shoes ready, he was very happy and paid the shoemaker twice the price they had
agreed upon.
   The shoemaker was very confused and wondered what had happened. That night,
he left out some more leather and the next morning he found another shiny and 
perfect pair of new shoes. These shoes were sold at an even higher price. Now
the shoemaker left out leather and tools to his mysterious helper every night,
and, every morning, he found a new pair of shoes. Pretty soon, the shoemaker 
was able to save a good sum of money. When the shoemaker's wife noticed all 
the money the shoemaker had saved, she grew suspicious and demanded an 
explanation. When she was informed of the unusual nocturnal occurrences, she 
proposed:
   "Let's wait until nightfall. We will hide and find out what's happening."
   And so the shoemaker and his wife hid and, around midnight, saw two elves 
sneak into the shoemaker's shop. The quick and skilled elves made a new pair 
of shoes in a flsh. It was winter and the elves, dressed in ragged clothes, 
shivered while they worked. 
   "Poor fellows! They must be very cold," the shoemaker's wife whispered to 
her husband. "Tomorrow I will make them two heavy wool jackets. That way they 
will be warmer and maybe, instead of one pair of shoes, they will make two!"
   The following midnight, next to the leather, the two elves found two 
elegant red jackets with gold buttons. They put on the jackets and were very 
happy. They danced shouting:
   "What beautiful jackets! We'll never be cold again." But when one of the 
elves said:
   "Let's get to work now," the other answered:
   "Work? What for? With two jackets like these we are rich. We will never 
have to work again."
   The two elves left the shop of the astonished shoemaker and his even more 
puzzled wife and were never seen agin.
                  The Emperor's Three Questions
                        (By Leo Tolstoy)
.    One day it occurred to a certain emperor that if he only
knew the answers to three questions, he would never stray in any
matter.
.    1. What is the best time to do each thing?
.    2. Who are the most important people to work with?
.    3. What is the most important thing to do at all times?
.    The emperor issued a decree throughout his kingdom
announcing that whoever could answer the questions would receive
a great reward.  Many who read the decree made their way to the
palace at once, each person with a different answer.
.    In reply to the first question, one person advised that the
emperor make up a thorough time schedule, consecrating every
hour, day, month and year for certain tasks and then follow the
schedule to the letter.  Only then could he hope to do every task
at the right time.
.    Another person replied that it was impossible to plan in
advance and that the emperor should put all vain amusements aside
and remain attentive to everything in order to know what to do at
what time.
.    Someone else insisted that, by himself, the emperor could
never hope to have all the foresight and competence necessary to
decide when to do each and every task, and what he really needed
was to set up a Council of the Wise and then to act according to
their advice.
.    Someone else said that certain matters require immediate
decision and could not wait for consultation, but if he wanted to
know in advance what was going to happen he should consult
magicians and soothsayers.
.    The responses to the second question also lacked accord.
.    One person said that the emperor needed to place all his
trust in administrators, another urged reliance on priests and
monks, while others recommended physicians.  Still others put
their faith in warriors.
.    The third question drew a similar variety of answers.
.    Some said science was the most important pursuit.  Others
insisted on religion.  Yet others claimed the most important
thing was military skill.
.    The emperor was not pleased with any of the answers, and no
reward was given.
.    After several nights of reflection, the emperor resolved to
visit a hermit who lived on a mountain and was said to be an
enlightened man.  The emperor wished to find the hermit to ask
him the three questions, though he knew the hermit never left the
mountains and was known to receive only the poor, refusing to
have anything to do with persons of wealth or power.  So the
emperor disguised himself as a simple peasant and ordered his
attendants to wait for him at the foot of the mountain while he
climbed the slope alone to seek the hermit.
.    Reaching the holy man's dwelling place, the emperor found
the hermit digging a garden in front of his hut.  When the hermit
saw the stranger, he nodded his head in greeting and continued to
dig.  The labor was obviously hard on him.  He was an old man,
and each time he thrust his spade into the ground to turn the
earth, he heaved heavily.
.    The emperor approached him and said, "I have come here to
ask your help with three questions:  When is the best time to do
each thing?  Who are the most important people to work with? 
What is the most important thing to do at all times?"
.    The hermit listened attentively but only patted the emperor
on the shoulder and continued digging.  The emperor said, "You
must be tired.  Here, let me give you a hand with that."  The
hermit thanked him, handed the emperor the spade, and then sat
down on the ground to rest.
.    After he had dug two rows, the emperor stopped and turned to
the hermit and repeated his three questions.  The hermit still
did not answer, but instead stood and pointed to the spade and
said, "Why don't you rest now?  I can take over again."  But the
emperor continued to dig.  One hour passed, then two.  Finally
the sun began to set behind the mountain.  The emperor put down
the spade and said to the hermit, "I came here to ask if you
could answer my three questions.  But if you can't give me any
answer, please let me know so that I can get on my way home."
.    The hermit lifted his head and asked the emperor, "Do you
hear someone running over there?"  The emperor turned his head. 
They both saw a man with a long white beard emerge from the
woods.  He ran wildly, pressing his hands against a bloody wound
in his stomach.  The man ran toward the emperor before falling
unconscious to the ground, where he lay groaning.  Opening the
man's clothing, the emperor and hermit saw that the man had
received a deep gash.  The emperor cleaned the wound thoroughly
and then used his own shirt to bandage it, but the blood
completely soaked it within minutes.  He rinsed the shirt out and
bandaged the wound a second time and continued to do so until the
flow of blood had stopped.
.    At last the wounded man regained consciousness and asked for
a drink of water.  The emperor ran down to the stream and brought
back a jug of fresh water.  Meanwhile, the sun had disappeared
and the night air had begun to turn cold.  The hermit gave the
emperor a hand in carrying the man into the hut where they laid
him down on the hermit's bed.  The man closed his eyes and lay
quietly.  The emperor was worn out from a long day of climbing
the mountain and digging the garden.  Leaning against the
doorway, he fell asleep.  When he rose, the sun had already risen
over the mountain.  For a moment he forgot where he was and what
he had come here for.  He looked over to the bed and saw the
wounded man also looking around him in confusion.  When he saw
the emperor, he stared at him intently and then said in a faint
whisper, "Please forgive me."
.    "But what have you done that I should forgive you?" the
emperor asked.
.    "You do not know me, your majesty, but I know you.  I was
your sworn enemy, and I had vowed to take vengeance on you, for
during the last war you killed my brother and seized my property.
When I learned that you were coming alone to the mountain to meet
the hermit, I resolved to surprise you on your way back and kill
you.  But after waiting a long time there was still no sign of
you, and so I left my ambush in order to seek you out.  But
instead of finding you, I came across your attendants, who
recognized me, giving me this wound.  Luckily, I escaped and ran
here.  If I hadn't met you I would surely be dead by now.  I had
intended to kill you, but instead you saved my life!  I am
ashamed and grateful beyond words.  If I live, I vow to be your
servant for the rest of my life, and I will bid my children and
grandchildren to do the same. Please grant me you forgiveness."
.    The emperor was overjoyed to see that he was so easily
reconciled with a former enemy.  He not only forgave the man but
promised to return all the man's property and to send his own
physician and servants to wait on the man until he was completely
healed.  After ordering his attendants to take the man home, the
emperor returned to see the hermit.  Before returning to the
palace the emperor wanted to repeat his three questions one last
time.  He found the hermit sowing seeds in the earth they had dug
the day before.
.    The hermit stood up and looked at the emperor.  "But your
questions have already been answered."
.    "How's that?" the emperor asked, puzzled.
.    "Yesterday, if you had not taken pity on my age and given me
a hand with digging these beds, you would have been attacked by
that man on your way home.  Then you would have deeply regretted
not staying with me.  Therefore the most important time was the
time you were digging in the beds, the most important person was
myself, and the most important pursuit was to help me."
.    "Later, when the wounded man ran up here, the most important
time was the time you spent dressing his wound, for if you had
not cared for him he would have died and you would have lost the
chance to be reconciled with him.  Likewise, he was the most
important person, and the most important pursuit was taking care
of his wound."
.    "Remember that there is only one important time and that is
now.  The present moment is the only time over which we have
dominion.  The most important person is always the person you are
with, who is right before you, for who knows if you will have
dealings with any other person in the future?  The most important
pursuit is making the person standing at your side happy, for
that alone is the pursuit of life."
                    THE EMPEROR'S NEW CLOTHES 
   Once upon a time there lived a vain emperor whose only worry in life was to
dress in elegant clothes. He changed clothes almost every hour and loved to 
show them off to his people.
   Word of the Emperor's refined habits spread over his kingdom and beyond. 
Two scoundrels who had heard of the Emperor's vanity decided to take advantage
of it. They introduced themselves at the gates of the palace with a scheme in 
mind.
   "We are two very good tailors and after many years of research we have 
invented an extraordinary method to weave a cloth so light and fine that it 
looks invisible. As a matter of fact it is invisible to anyone who is too 
stupid and incompetent to appreciate its quality."
   The chief of the guards heard the scoundrel's strange story and sent for the
court chamberlain. The charnberlain notified the prlme minister, who ran to 
the Emperor and disclosed the incredible news. The Emperor's curiosity got the
better of him and he decided to see the two scoundrels. 
   "Besides being invisible, your Highness, this cloth will be woven in 
colours and paterns created especially for you." The emperor gave the two men
a bag of gold coins in exchange for their promise to begin working on the
fabric immediately.
   "Just tell us what you need to get started and we'll give it to you." The
two scoundrels asked for a loom, silk, gold thread and then pretended to begin
working. The Emperor thought he had spent his money quite well: in addition to
getting a new extraordinary suit, he would discover which of his subjects were
ignorant and incompetent. A few days later, he called the old and wise prime 
minister, who was considered by everyone as a man with common sense.
   "Go and see how the work is proceeding," the Emperor told him, "and come 
back to let me know."
   The prime minister was welcomed by the two scoundrels.
   "We're almost finished, but we need a lot more gold thread. Here, 
Excellency! Admire the colours, feel the softness!" The old man bent over the 
loom and tried to see the fabric that was not there. He felp cold sweat on his
forehead.
   "I can't see anything," he thought. "If I see nothing, that means I'm 
stupid! Or, worse, incompetent!" If the prime minister admitted that he didn'
see anything, he would be discharged from his office.
   "What a marvellous fabric, he said then. "I'll certaln!y tell the Emperor."
The two scoundrels rubbed their hands gleefully. They had almost made it. More
thread was requested to finish the work. 
   Finally, the Emperor received the announcement that the two tailors had 
come to take all the measurements needed to sew his new suit.
   "Come in," the Emperor ordered. Even as they bowed, the two scoundrels 
pretended to be holding large roll of fabric.
   "Here it is your Highness, the result of our labour," the scoundrels said. 
"We have worked night and day but, at last, the most beautiful fabric in the 
world is ready for you. Look at the colours and feel how fine it is." Of 
course the Emperor did not see any colours and could not feel any cloth 
between his fingers. He panicked and felt like fainting. But luckily the 
throne was right behind him and he sat down. But when he realized that no one 
could know that he did not see the fabric, he felt better. Nobody could find 
out he was stupid and incompetent. And the Emperor didn't know that everybody 
else around him thought and did the very same thing. 
   The farce continued as the two scoundrels had foreseen it. Once they had 
taken the measurements, the two began cutting the air with scissors while 
sewing with their needles an invisible cloth.
   "Your Highness, you'll have to take off your clothes to try on your new 
ones." The two scoundrels draped the new clothes on him and then held up a 
mirror. The Emperor was embarrassed but since none of his bystanders were, he 
felt relieved.
   "Yes, this is a beautiful suit and it looks very good on me," the Emperor 
said trying to look comfortable. "You've done a fine job."
   "Your Majesty," the prime minister said, "we have a request for you. The 
people have found out about this extraordinary fabric and they are anxious to 
see you in your new suit." The Emperor was doubtful showing himself naked to
the people, but then he abandoned his fears. After all, no one would know 
about it except the ignorant and the incompetent.
   "All right," he said. "I will grant the people this privilege." He summoned
his carriage and the ceremonial parade was formed. A group of dignitaries 
walked at the very front of the procession and anxiously scrutinized the faces
of the people in the street. All the people had gathered in the main square, 
pushing and shoving to get a better look. An applause welcomed the regal 
procession. Everyone wanted to know how stupid or incompetent his or her 
neighbour was but, as the Emperor passed, a strange murmur rose from the 
crowd. 
   Everyone said, loud enough for the others to hear: "Look at the Emperor's 
new clothes. They're beautiful!" 
   "What a marvellous train!" 
   "And the colours! The colours of that beautiful fabric! I have never seen 
anything like it in my life." They all tried to conceal their disappointment 
at not being able to see the clothes, and since nobody was willing to admit 
his own stupidity and incompetence, they all behaved as the two scoundrels had
predicted.
   A child, however, who had no important job and could only see things as his
eyes showed them to him, went up to the carriage. 
   "The Emperor is naked," he said. 
   "Fool!" his father reprimanded, running after him. "Don't talk nonsense!" 
He grabbed his child and took him away. But the boy's remark, which had been 
heard by the bystanders, was repeated over and over again until everyone cried:
   "The boy is right! The Emperor is naked! It's true!"
   The Emperor realized that the people were right but could not admit to 
that. He though it better to continue the procession under the illusion that 
anyone who couldn't see his clothes was either stupid or incompetent. And he 
stood stiffly on his carriage, while behind him a page held his imaginary 
mantle.
                     THE WMPRESS JOWKA
   Once upon a time... an Empress lived in Japan. She was young, beautiful,
kindly, and wise, and her name was Jowka. She dreamt of living in peace,
thinking of the welfare of her people, but in the northern mountains, a 
rebelion broke out led by prince Kokai. He sent a message to the Empress,
   "Jowka, either you must marry me and share the throne, or I will put your
kingdom to the flame and sword!" Jowka, who hnew the empresses never flinch at
threats, replied,
   "Kokai, we shall fight!", and sent an army against the rebels. The army was 
strong and well led and it defeated the rebels in more than one battle. But,
just before the most important battle of all, something terrible and magical
happened.
   Kokai pleaded with one of the evil gods and it started to rain. The rivers
grew swollen with water and broke their banks. There were appaling floods which
took the Imperial army by susprise and swept it away. Every man, from the 
general to the humblest soldier, was drowned. And Kokai the rebel came down
from the mountains and approached the capital of the Empire. Jowka sent other
armies against him, but each one met the same fate: swept away in the swirling
waters that obeyed Kokai's orders. The whole of Japan was terror-striken. Was
power to be seized by a merciless rebel magician?
   Jowka was lost in thought over this when, one night, she heard a rustle in
the room where she was saying her prayers. Lifting her eyes, she saw, standing
in front of her, a man wearing a long tunic and holding a stick. He had long
white hair and a flowing beard, as soft as silk. The Empress jumped in 
surprise, but the old man said:
   "Have no fear, Jowka, I'm a friend, I'm the God of Fire. I heard your 
prayers, I know how much you are suffering, and I'm here to help. Don't worry!
I shall join your armies and Kokai's magic will do nothing against me."
   "Tell me, God of Fire, what must I do?" the Empress murmured.
   "You must gather a new army to send against the rebel. I will march at the
side of your general." And so the Empress ordered the greatest and biggest
army ever seen in Japan to be mustered, and a huge number of men, horses and
chariots set out.
   Everyone, including the Imperial and rebel soldiers, knew that the battle
about to be fought would be final. The two opposing armies slowly drew closer
on a vast plain, and the general leading the imperial troops murmured:
   "It is unwise to march here. Kokai could easily flood this area!" The God of
Fire, marching at the general's side in the guise of a bold young officer said:
   "Have no fear, I'm far stronger than water." There were a few skirmishes,
then Kokai, high on the mountain where he had made his camp, raised his arms
invoking the help of the elements. The earth shook, there was a fierce gust of
wind and an immense rush of water swept down the mountainside onto the plain.
The Imperial soldiers screamed with terror, but the God of Fire simply said:
   "Keep calm! That water will not even lap our feet." And indeed, the huge
foaming waves that seemed to gallop towards the army, suddenly slowed down when
they reached the God of Fire, drew back, split with a tremendous roar and were
swallowed up by the earth.
   "This is the end of Kokai! March on!" ordered the general, and the entire
army marched on towards the mountain and defeated the enemy. Kokai saw that 
the rebellion was now over, his power had gone and his fortune too had
disappeared. But rather than surrender to the Empress Jowka, who would have
forgiven him, he hurled himself, head first, against the mountain and died. But
the blow was so hard that the mountain, named Shu, cracked and from the crack
gushed out fire, poisonous fumes and lava, that quickly invaded the plain 
below, burning and suffocating everything on it. A far worse danger now 
threatened the empier of the wise Jowka!
   The Empress remained quite calm. Then she received another terrible piece of
knews. The crack in the mountain and the disaster that followed, had also 
cracked the pillars that held up the sky, damaging the pathway along which,
every day, the Sun and the Moon travelled with their chariots, carrying the
light.
   In a short time, in fact, a dreadful dark shadow fell over all the world.
People were afraid of the darkness, they wept and despaired. So wise Jowka
ordered huge bonfires to be kept alight,so that the flames would give them
comfort, courage and new hope. And she sent word to all her subjects that they
should collect blue, white, orange and red stones and bring them to the palace.
When that was done, the Empress ground down the stones, and made a kind of
paste, something like liquid porcelain, transparent and shiny.
   She pu it in a pot, then with a magic spell summoned a cloud, climbed on
top of it and made it carry her to the exact spot where the heavenly pillar was
cracked. There, she repaired the damage using the sdrange coloured paste. As
she went back to earth, she said to herself, "There! The pillar is mended. The
chariots of the Sun and the Moon can take to the road again and the light will
return." Alas! Things didn't quite happen that way! Days went by and the light
had still not come back. The Sun and the Moon were nowhere to be seen. And the
people, who had had such high hopes, again began to weep and wail. Everyone
began to say, "Oh dear! We shall live the rest of our lives in the dark! We 
will go blind, we will die of the cold! Nothing will grow in the fields, and if
we survive the dark and the cold, we will die of hunger!"
   Once again, the Empress kept calm and was unworried. She called together all
the wise men of the realm and asked them to find out what had happened. Long
discussions took place, then a very learned philosopher went before Jowka and
told her,
   "Your most gracious Highness, I know exactly what has happened! When the
pillar of heaven cracked the Sun and the Moon shut themselves away in their
palaces in alarm. And they have never come out again. How can they possibly
know the pillar has been repaired?"
   "Yes! Yes! That is so!" shorussed the other wise men. The Empress then said,
"There is only way to tell them. Send a messenger!"
   "A messenger?" they asked. Jowka went on.
   "Yes. Or rather, two! One to gallop to the Sun and the other to the Moon.
We can't be discourteous, and if we were to warn one before the other, then the
second one might take offense." All over the empire, a search was made for two
horsemen brave enough to face such a long journey, and two horses strong enough
to gallop into the heart of Day and Night. It wasn't easy to find suitable men
but in the end, two young men came to Jowka, and she told them what had to be
done...
   The messengers set off. It was a long and fearful journey, from cloud to 
cloud, from heaven to heaven, through winds and storms, brushing past comets
and shooting stars. But they delivered the Empress's message to the Sun and the
Moon. The pillar had been repaired, their chariots could return to the heavenly
pathways. The Sun and the Moon thanked the messengers.
   The next day, the shadows disappeared from the daylight world, and light
flooded back again, as before. the two messengers knelt before the Empress on
their return, but Jowka made them rise to their feet, saying:
   "No! Men like you shall always remain on their feet before anyone on earth,
for you have looked the Sun and the Moon in the face!"
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
           (313)558-5024 {14.4} (313)558-5517
              A BBS for text file junkies
              RPGNet GM File Archive Site
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
             The Adventure of the Empty House
  It was in the spring of the year 1894 that all London was
interested, and the fashionable world dismayed. by the murder of
the Honourable Ronald Adair under most unusual and inexplica-
ble circumstances. The public has already learned those particu-
lars of the crime which came out in the po]ice investigation, but
a good deal was suppressed upon that occasion, since the case
for the prosecution was so overwhelmingly strong that it was not
necessary to bring forward all the facts. Only now, at the end of
nearly ten years, am I allowed to supply those missing links
which make up the whole of that remarkable chain. The crime
was of interest in itself, but that interest was as nothing to me
compared to the inconceivable sequel, which afforded me the
greatest shock and surprise of any event in my adventurous life.
Even now, after this long interval, I find myself thrilling as I
think of it, and feeling once more that sudden flood of joy,
amazement, and incredulity which utterly submerged my mind.
Let me say to that public, which has shown some interest in
those glimpses which I have occasionally given them of the
thoughts and actions of a very remarkable man, that they are not
to blame me if I have not shared my knowledge with them, for I
should have considered it my first duty to do so, had I not been
barred by a positive prohibition from his own lips, which was
only withdrawn upon the third of last month.
  It can be imagined that my close intimacy with Sherlock
Holmes had interested me deeply in crime, and that after his
disappearance I never failed to read with care the various prob-
lems which came before the public. And I even attempted, more
than once, for my own private satisfaction, to employ his meth-
ods in their solution, though with indifferent success. There was
none, however, which appealed to me like this tragedy of Ronald
Adair. As I read the evidence at the inquest, which led up to a
verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons un-
known, I realized more clearly than I had ever done the loss
which the community had sustained by the death of Sherlock
Holmes. There were points about this strange business which
would, I was sure, have specially appealed to him, and the
efforts of the police would have been supplemented, or more
probably anticipated. by the trained observation and the alert
mind of the first criminal agent in Europe. All day. as I drove
upon my round, I turned over the case in my mind and found no
explanation which appeared to me to be adequate. At the risk of
telling a twice-told tale. I will recapitulate the facts as they were
known to the public at the conclusion of the inquest.
  The Honourable Ronald Adair was the second son of the Earl
of Maynooth, at that time governor of one of the Australian
colonies. Adair's mother had returned from Australia to undergo
the operation for cataract, and she, her son Ronald, and her
daughter Hilda were living together at 427 Park Lane. The youth
moved in the best society -- had, so far as was known, no ene-
mies and no particular vices. He had been engaged to Miss Edith
Woodley, of Carstairs, but the engagement had been broken off
by mutual consent some months before, and there was no sign
that it had left any very profound feeling behind it. For the rest
of the man's life moved in a narrow and conventional circle, for
his habits were quiet and his nature unemotional. Yet it was
upon this easy-going young aristocrat that death came, in most
strange and unexpected form, between the hours of ten and
eleven-twenty on the night of March 30, 1894.
  Ronald Adair was fond of cards -- playing continually, but
never for such stakes as would hurt him. He was a member of
the Baldwin, the Cavendish, and the Bagatelle card clubs. It was
shown that, after dinner on the day of his death, he had played a
rubber of whist at the latter club. He had also played there in the
afternoon. The evidence of those who had played with him -- Mr.
Murray, Sir John Hardy, and Colonel Moran -- showed that the
game was whist, and that there was a fairly equal fall of the
cards. Adair might have lost five pounds, but not more. His
fortune was a considerable one, and such a loss could not in any
way affect him. He had played nearly every day at one club or
other, but he was a cautious player, and usually rose a winner. It
came out in evidence that, in partnership with Colonel Moran, he
had actually won as much as four hundred and twenty pounds in
a sitting, some weeks before, from Godfrey Milner and Lord
Balmoral. So much for his recent history as it came out at the
inquest.
  On the evening of the crime, he returned from the club exactly
at ten. His mother and sister were out spending the evening with
a relation. The servant deposed that she heard him enter the front
room on the second floor, generally used as his sitting-room. She
had lit a fire there, and as it smoked she had opened the window.
No sound was heard from the room until eleven-twenty, the hour
of the return of Lady Maynooth and her daughter. Desiring to
say good-night, she attempted to enter her son's room. The door
was locked on the inside, and no answer could be got to their
cries and knocking. Help was obtained, and the door forced. The
unfortunate young man was found lying near the table. His head
had been horribly mutilated by an expanding revolver bullet, but
no weapon of any sort was to be found in the room. On the table
lay two banknotes for ten pounds each and seventeen pounds ten
in silver and gold, the money arranged in little piles of varying
amount. There were some figures also upon a sheet of paper,
with the names of some club friends opposite to them, from
which it was conjectured that before his death he was endeav-
ouring to make out his losses or winnings at cards.
  A minute examination of the circumstances served only to
make the case more complex. In the first place, no reason could
be given why the young man should have fastened the door upon
the inside. There was the possibility that the murderer had done
this, and had afterwards escaped by the window. The drop was
at least twenty feet, however, and a bed of crocuses in full
bloom lay beneath. Neither the flowers nor the earth showed any
sign of having been disturbed, nor were there any marks upon
the narrow strip of grass which separated the house from the
road. Apparently, therefore, it was the young man himself who
had fastened the door. But how did he come by his death? No
one could have climbed up to the window without leaving traces.
Suppose a man had fired through the window, he would indeed
be a remarkable shot who could with a revolver inflict so deadly
a wound. Again, Park Lane is a frequented thoroughfare; there is
a cab stand within a hundred yards of the house. No one had
heard a shot. And yet there was the dead man, and there the
revolver bullet, which had mushroomed out, as soft-nosed bul-
lets will, and so inflicted a wound which must have caused
instantaneous death. Such were the circumstances of the Park
Lane Mystery, which were further complicated by entire absence
of motive, since, as I have said, young Adair was not known to
have any enemy, and no attempt had been made to remove the
money or valuables in the room.
  All day I turned these facts over in my mind, endeavouring to
hit some theory which could reconcile them all, and to find that
line of least resistance which my poor friend had declared to be
the starting-point of every investigation. I confess that I made
little progress. In the evening I strolled across the Park, and
found myself about six o'clock at the Oxford Street end of Park
Lane. A group of loafers upon the pavements, all staring up at a
particular window, directed me to the house which I had come to
see. A tall, thin man with coloured glasses, whom I strongly
suspected of being a plain-clothes detective, was pointing out
some theory of his own, while the others crowded round to listen
to what he said. I got as near him as I could, but his observations
seemed to me to be absurd, so I withdrew again in some disgust.
As I did so I struck against an elderly, deformed man, who had
been behind me, and I knocked down several books which he
was carrying. I remember that as I picked them up, I observed
the title of one of them, The Origin of Tree Worship, and it
struck me that the fellow must be some poor bibliophile, who,
either as a trade or as a hobby, was a collector of obscure
volumes. I endeavoured to apologize for the accident, but it was
evident that these books which I had so unfortunately maltreated
were very precious objects in the eyes of their owner. With a
snarl of contempt he turned upon his heel, and I saw his curved
back and white side-whiskers disappear among the throng.
  My observations of No. 427 Park Lane did little to clear up the
problem in which I was interested. The house was separated
from the street by a low wall and railing, the whole not more
than five feet high. It was perfectly easy, therefore, for anyone
to get into the garden, but the window was entirely inaccessible,
since there was no waterpipe or anything which could help the
most active man to climb it. More puzzled than ever, I retraced
my steps to Kensington. I had not been in my study five minutes
when the maid entered to say that a person desired to see me. To
my astonishment it was none other than my strange old book
collector, his sharp, wizened face peering out from a frame of
white hair, and his precious volumes, a dozen of them at least,
wedged under his right arm.
  "You're surprised to see me, sir," said he, in a strange,
croaking voice.
  I acknowledged that I was.
  "Well, I've a conscience, sir, and when I chanced to see you
go into this house, as I came hobbling after you, I thought to
myself, I'll just step in and see that kind gentleman, and tell him
that if I was a bit gruff in my manner there was not any harm
meant, and that I am much obliged to him for picking up my
books."
  "You make too much of a trifle," said I. "May I ask how
you knew who I was?"
  "Well, sir, if it isn't too great a liberty, I am a neighbour of
yours, for you'll find my little bookshop at the corner of Church
Street, and very happy to see you, I am sure. Maybe you collect
yourself, sir. Here's British Birds, and Catullus, and The Holy
War -- a bargain, every one of them. With five volumes you
could just fill that gap on that second shelf. It looks untidy, does
it not, sir?"
  I moved my head to look at the cabinet behind me. When I
turned again, Sherlock Holmes was standing smiling at me across
my study table. I rose to my feet, stared at him for some seconds
in utter amazement, and then it appears that I must have fainted
for the first and the last time in my life. Certainly a gray mist
swirled before my eyes, and when it cleared I found my collar-
ends undone and the tingling after-taste of brandy upon my lips.
Holmes was bending over my chair, his flask in his hand.
  "My dear Watson," said the well-remembered voice, "I owe
you a thousand apologies. I had no idea that you would be so
affected."
  I gripped him by the arms.
  "Holmes!" I cried. "Is it really you? Can it indeed be that
you are alive? Is it possible that you succeeded in climbing out
of that awful abyss?"
  "Wait a moment," said he. "Are you sure that you are really
fit to discuss things? I have given you a serious shock by my
unnecessarily dramatic reappearance."
  "I am all right, but indeed, Holmes, I can hardly believe my
eyes. Good heavens! to think that you -- you of all men -- should
be standing in my study." Again I gripped him by the sleeve,
and felt the thin, sinewy arm beneath it. "Well, you're not a
spirit, anyhow," said I. "My dear chap, I'm overjoyed to see
you. Sit down, and tell me how you came alive out of that
dreadful chasm."
  He sat opposite to me, and lit a cigarette in his old, nonchalant
manner. He was dressed in the seedy frockcoat of the book
merchant, but the rest of that individual lay in a pile of white
hair and old books upon the table. Holmes looked even thinner
and keener than of old, but there was a dead-white tinge in his
aquiline face which told me that his life recently had not been a
healthy one.
  "I am glad to stretch myself, Watson," said he. "It is no joke
when a tall man has to take a foot off his stature for several
hours on end. Now, my dear fellow, in the matter of these
explanations, we have, if I may ask for your cooperation, a hard
and dangerous night's work in front of us. Perhaps it would be
better if I gave you an account of the whole situation when that
work is finished."
  "I am full of curiosity. I should much prefer to hear now."
  "You'll come with me to-night?"
  "When you like and where you like."
  "This is, indeed, like the old days. We shall have time for a
mouthful of dinner before we need go. Well, then, about that
chasm. I had no serious difficulty in getting out of it, for the
very simple reason that I never was in it."
  "You never were in it?"           
  "No, Watson, I never was in it. My note to you was abso-
lutely genuine. I had little doubt that I had come to the end of
my career when I perceived the somewhat sinister figure of the
late Professor Moriarty standing upon the narrow pathway which
led to safety. I read an inexorable purpose in his gray eyes. I
exchanged some remarks with him, therefore, and obtained his
courteous permission to write the short note which you after-
wards received. I left it with my cigarette-box and my stick, and
I walked along the pathway, Moriarty still at my heels. When I
reached the end I stood at bay. He drew no weapon, but he
rushed at me and threw his long arms around me. He knew that
his own game was up, and was only anxious to revenge himself
upon me. We tottered together upon the brink of the fall. I have
some knowledge, however, of baritsu, or the Japanese system of
wrestling, which has more than once been very useful to me. I
slipped through his grip, and he with a horrible scream kicked
madly for a few seconds, and clawed the air with both his hands.
But for all his efforts he could not get his balance, and over he
went. With my face over the brink, I saw him fall for a long
way. Then he struck a rock, bounded off, and splashed into the
water."
  I listened with amazement to this explanation, which Holmes
delivered between the puffs of his cigarette.
  "But the tracks!" I cried. "I saw, with my own eyes, that two
went down the path and none returned."
  "It came about in this way. The instant that the Professor had
disappeared, it struck me what a really extraordinarily lucky
chance Fate had placed in my way. I knew that Moriarty was not
the only man who had sworn my death. There were at least three
others whose desire for vengeance upon me would only be
increased by the death of their leader. They were all most
dangerous men. One or other would certainly get me. On the
other hand. if all the world was convinced that I was dead they
would take liberties, these men, they would soon lay themselves
open, and sooner or later I could destroy them. Then it would be
time for me to announce that I was still in the land of the living.
So rapidly does the brain act that I believe I had thought this all
out before Professor Moriarty had reached the bottom of the
Reichenbach Fall.
  "I stood up and examined the rocky wall behind me. In your
picturesque account of the matter, which I read with great inter-
est some months later, you assert that the wall was sheer. That
was not literally true. A few small footholds presented them-
selves, and there was some indication of a ledge. The cliff is so
high that to climb it all was an obvious impossibility, and it was
equally impossible to make my way along the wet path without
leaving some tracks. I might, it is true, have reversed my boots,
as I have done on similar occasions, but the sight of three sets of
tracks in one direction would certainly have suggested a decep-
tion. On the whole, then, it was best that I should risk the climb.
It was not a pleasant business, Watson. The fall roared beneath
me. I am not a fanciful person, but I give you my word that I
seemed to hear Moriarty's voice screaming at me out of the
abyss. A mistake would have been fatal. More than once, as
tufts of grass came out in my hand or my foot slipped in the wet
notches of the rock, I thought that I was gone. But I struggled
upward, and at last I reached a ledge several feet deep and
covered with soft green moss, where I could lie unseen, in the
most perfect comfort. There I was stretched, when you, my dear
Watson, and all your following were investigating in the most
sympathetic and inefficient manner the circumstances of my
death.
  "At last, when you had all formed your inevitable and totally
erroneous conclusions, you departed for the hotel, and I was left
alone. l had imagined that I had reached the end of my adven-
tures, but a very unexpected occurrence showed me that there
were surprises still in store for me. A huge rock, falling from
above, boomed past me, struck the path, and bounded over into
the chasm. For an instant I thought that it was an accident, but a
moment later, looking up, I saw a man's head against the
darkening sky, and another stone struck the very ledge upon
which I was stretched, within a foot of my head. Of course, the
meaning of this was obvious. Moriarty had not been alone. A
confederate -- and even that one glance had told me how danger-
ous a man that confederate was -- had kept guard while the
Profcssor had attacked me. From a distance, unseen by me, he
had been a witness of his friend's death and of my escape. He
had waited, and then making his way round to the top of the
cliff, he had endeavoured to succeed where his comrade had
failed.
  "I did not take long to think about it, Watson. Again I saw
that grim face look over the cliff, and I knew that it was the
precursor of another stone. I scrambled down on to the path. I
don't think I could have done it in cold blood. It was a hundred
times more difficult than getting up. But I had no time to think of
the danger, for another stone sang past me as I hung by my
hands from the edge of the ledge. Halfway down I slipped, but,
by the blessing of God, I landed, torn and bleeding, upon the
path. I took to my heels, did ten miles over the mountains in the
darkness, and a week later I found myself in Florence, with the
certainty that no one in the world knew what had become of me.
  "I had only one confidant -- my brother Mycroft. I owe you
many apologies, my dear Watson, but it was all-important that it
should be thought I was dead, and it is quite certain that you
would not have written so convincing an account of my unhappy
end had you not yourself thought that it was true. Several times
during the last three years I have taken up my pen to write to
you, but always I feared lest your affectionate regard for me
should tempt you to some indiscretion which would betray my
secret. For that reason I turned away from you this evening when
you upset my books, for I was in danger at the time, and any
show of surprise and emotion upon your part might have drawn
attention to my identity and led to the most deplorable and
irreparable results. As to Mycroft, I had to confide in him in
order to obtain the money which I needed. The course of events
in London did not run so well as I had hoped, for the trial of the
Moriarty gang left two of its most dangerous members, my own
most vindictive enemies, at liberty. I travelled for two years in
Tibet, therefore, and amused myself by visiting Lhassa, and
spending some days with the head lama. You may have read of
the remarkable explorations of a Norwegian named Sigerson, but
I am sure that it never occurred to you that you were receiving
news of your friend. I then passed through Persia, looked in at
Mecca, and paid a short but interesting visit to the Khalifa at
Khartoum, the results of which I have communicated to the
Foreign Office. Returning to France, I spent some months in a
research into the coal-tar derivatives, which I conducted in a
laboratory at Montpellier, in the south of France. Having con-
cluded this to my satisfaction and learning that only one of my
enemies was now left in London, I was about to return when my
movements were hastened by the news of this very remarkable
Park Lane Mystery, which not only appealed to me by its own
merits. but which seemed to offer some most peculiar personal
opportunities. I came over at once to London, called in my own
person at Baker Street. threw Mrs. Hudson into violent hysterics,
and found that Mycroft had preserved my rooms and my papers
exactly as they had always been. So it was, my dear Watson
that at two o'clock to-day I found myself in my old armchair in
my own old room, and only wishing that I could have seen my
old friend Watson in the other chair which he has so often
adorned."
  Such was the remarkable narrative to which I listened on that
April evening -- a narrative which would have been utterly in-
credible to me had it not been confirmed by the actual sight of
the tall, spare figure and the keen, eager face, which I had never
thought to see again. In some manner he had learned of my own
sad bereavement, and his sympathy was shown in his manner
rather than in his words. "Work is the best antidote to sorrow,
my dear Watson," said he; "and I have a piece of work for us
both to-night which, if we can bring it to a successful conclu-
sion, will in itself justify a man's life on this planet." In vain I
begged him to tell me more. "You will hear and see enough
before morning," he answered. "We have three years of the past
to discuss. Let that suffice until half-past nine, when we start
upon the notable adventure of the empty house."
  It was indeed like old times when, at that hour, I found myself
seated beside him in a hansom, my revolver in my pocket, and
the thrill of adventure in my heart. Holmes was cold and stern
and silent. As the gleam of the street-lamps flashed upon his
austere features, I saw that his brows were drawn down in
thought and his thin lips compressed. I knew not what wild beast
we were about to hunt down in the dark jungle of criminal
London, but I was well assured, from the bearing of this master
huntsman, that the adventure was a most grave one -- while the
sardonic smile which occasionally broke through his ascetic
gloom boded little good for the object of our quest.
  I had imagined that we were bound for Baker Street, but
Holmes stopped the cab at the corner of Cavendish Square. I
observed that as he stepped out he gave a most searching glance
to right and left, and at every subsequent street corner he took
the utmost pains to assure that he was not followed. Our route
was certainly a singular one. Holmes's knowledge of the byways
of London was extraordinary, and on this occasion he passed
rapidly and with an assured step through a network of mews and
stables, the very existence of which I had never known. We
emerged at last into a small road, lined with old, gloomy houses.
which led us into Manchester Street, and so to Blandford Street.
Here he turned swiftly down a narrow passage, passed through a
wooden gate into a deserted yard, and then opened with a key
the back door of a house. We entered together, and he closed it
behind us.
  The place was pitch dark, but it was evident to me that it was
an empty house. Our feet creaked and crackled over the bare
planking, and my outstretched hand touched a wall from which
the paper was hanging in ribbons. Holmes's cold, thin fingers
closed round my wrist and led me forward down a long hall,
until I dimly saw the murky fanlight over the door. Here Holmes
turned suddenly to the right, and we found ourselves in a large,
square, empty room, heavily shadowed in the corners, but faintly
lit in the centre from the lights of the street beyond. There was
no lamp near, and the window was thick with dust, so that we
could only just discern each other's figures within. My compan-
ion put his hand upon my shoulder and his lips close to my ear.
  "Do you know where we are?" he whispered.
  "Surely that is Baker Street," I answered, staring through the
dim window.
  "Exactly. We are in Camden House, which stands opposite to
our own old quarters."
  "But why are we here?"
  "Because it commands so excellent a view of that picturesque
pile. Might I trouble you, my dear Watson, to draw a little
nearer to the window, taking every precaution not to show
yourself, and then to look up at our old rooms -- the starting-point
of so many of your little fairy-tales? We will see if my three
years of absence have entirely taken away my power to surprise
you."
  I crept forward and looked across at the familiar window. As
my eyes fell upon it, I gave a gasp and a cry of amazement. The
blind was down, and a strong light was burning in the room. The
shadow of a man who was seated in a chair within was thrown in
hard, black outline upon the luminous screen of the window.
There was no mistaking the poise of the head, the squareness of
the shoulders, the sharpness of the features. The face was turned
half-round, and the effect was that of one of those black silhou-
ettes which our grandparents loved to frame. It was a perfect
reproduction of Holmes. So amazed was I that I threw out my
hand to make sure that the man himself was standing beside me.
He was quivering with silent laughter.
  "Well?" said he.
  "Good hcavens!" I cried. "It is marvellous."
  "I trust that age doth not wither nor custom stale my infinite
variety," said he, and I recognized in his voice the joy and pride
which the artist takes in his own creation. "It really is rather like
me, is it not?"
  "I should be prepared to swear that it was you."
  "The credit of the execution is due to Monsieur Oscar Meunier
of Grenoble, who spent some days in doing the moulding. It is a
bust in wax. The rest I arranged myself during my visit to Baker
Street this afternoon."
  "But why?"
  "Because, my dear Watson, I had the strongest possible rea-
son for wishing certain people to think that I was there when I
was really elsewhere."
  "And you thought the rooms were watched?"
  "I knew that they were watched."
  "By whom?"
  "By my old enemies, Watson. By the charming society whose
leader lies in the Reichenbach Fall. You must remember that
they knew, and only they knew, that I was still alive. Sooner or
later they believed that I should come back to my rooms. They
watched them continuously, and this morning they saw me arrive."
  "How do you know?"
  "Because I recognized their sentinel when I glanced out of my
window. He is a harmless enough fellow, Parker by name, a
garroter by trade, and a remarkable performer upon the jew's-
harp. I cared nothing for him. But I cared a great deal for the
much more formidable person who was behind him, the bosom
friend of Moriarty, the man who dropped the rocks over the cliff
the most cunning and dangerous criminal in London. That is the
man who is after me to-night, Watson, and that is the man who
is quite unaware that we are after him."
  My friend's plans were gradually revealing themselvcs. From
this convenient retreat, the watchers were being watched and the
trackers tracked. That angular shadow up yonder was the bait.
and we were the hunters. In silence we stood together in the
darkness and watched the hurrying figures who passed and re-
passed in front of us. Holmes was silent and motionless; but I
could tell that he was keenly alert, and that his eyes were fixed
intently upon the stream of passers-by. It was a bleak and
boisterous night, and the wind whistled shrilly down the long
street. Many people were moving to and fro, most of them
muffled in their coats and cravats. Once or twice it seemed to
me that I had seen the same figure before, and I especially
noticed two men who appeared to be sheltering themselves from
the wind in the doorway of a house some distance up the street. I
tried to draw my companion's attention to them; but he gave a
little ejaculation of impatience, and continued to stare into the
street. More than once he fidgeted with his feet and tapped
rapidly with his fingers upon the wall. It was evident to me that
he was becoming uneasy, and that his plans were not working
out altogether as he had hoped. At last, as midnight approached
and the street gradually cleared, he paced up and down the room
in uncontrollable agitation. I was about to make some remark to
him, when I raised my eyes to the lighted window, and again
experienced almost as great a surprise as before. I clutched Holmes's
arm, and pointed upward.
  "The shadow has moved!" I cried.
  It was indeed no longer the profile, but the back, which was
turned towards us.
  Three years had certainly not smoothed the asperities of his
temper or his impatience with a less active intelligence than his
own.
  "Of course it has moved," said he. "Am I such a farcical
bungler, Watson, that I should erect an obvious dummy, and
expect that some of the sharpest men in Europe would be de-
ceived by it? We have been in this room two hours, and Mrs.
Hudson has made some change in that figure eight times, or once
in every quarter of an hour. She works it from the front, so that
her shadow may never be seen. Ah!" He drew in his breath with
a shrill, excited intake. In the dim light I saw his head thrown
forward, his whole attitude rigid with attention. Outside the
street was absolutely deserted. Those two men might still be
crouching in the doorway, but I could no longer see them. All
was still and dark, save only that brilliant yellow screen in front
of us with the black figure outlined upon its centre. Again in the
utter silence I heard that thin, sibilant note which spoke of
intense suppressed excitement. An instant later he pulled me
back into the blackest corner of the room. and I felt his warning
hand upon my lips. The fingers which clutched me were quiver-
ing. Never had I known my friend more moved, and yet the dark
street still stretched lonely and motionless before us.
  But suddenly I was aware of that which his keener senses had
already distinguished. A low, stealthy sound came to my ears,
not from the direction of Baker Street, but from the back of the
very house in which we lay concealed. A door opened and shut.
An instant later steps crept down the passage -- steps which were
meant to be silent, but which reverberated harshly through the
empty house. Holmes crouched back against the wall, and I did
