colours.  Kelanie got the impression of two twisted toroids
intertwined in mid-air.  Marek asked,
  `Keery?  Nur-wah Marek, Keery!' Whatever-it-was chattered in
hollow-sounding, oddly-modulated Tertiary, to which Marek rapidly
replied, speaking over the translation that Kelanie's notepad
supplied, going too fast for it to keep up.  The thing pulsed bright
green three times; Marek held up five fingers; it pulsed blue-green
four times; Marek held up four fingers with his thumb bent over; the
thing flashed orange, red and a piercing hot pink colour, and the
image disappeared as it broke the connection.  Marek stood there for
a few moments, eyes wide, a faint smile on his face.  Kelanie left
off fiddling with the notepad's playback, and asked him,
  `Keery?'
  `Kireedeonibalikathadamiax.'
  `Well? Did you sell it? How much did you get for it?' When he
didn't answer, she nudged him and repeated the question.
  `Oh?  Yeah, she bought it...' He went over to the counter and
started rummaging around underneath, looking for something.  She
moved over to join him, shifting boxes as he dragged them out from
underneath the counter.
  `Well?  Come on, Marek, don't be a tease - how much?'  Marek found
what he was looking for - a spherical yellow-glass bottle filled with
clear brown fluid - popped the cap off took a long swig and said:
  `Four and one half CCi.'  He suddenly sat on the floor, grimacing
at the taste of the fluid.
  `CCi?'
  `ComonCurensy Isotope.  It's the official medium of exchange on all
the NoSan'No'Os Civilised Systems - don't you know anything?'
  `Well, apparently, the NoSan'No'Os don't consider Earth civilised
yet... that's the first I've ever heard of - what was it?' Marek got
up, went over to the platform-cash register mounted into the counter,
and retrieved a note from the cash tray.  He held it out to her.
  `ComonCurensy Isotope.  It's a form of sheet-carbon TCI, in an-'
  `TCI?'
  `Total Conversion Isotope, in an easy-to-fuse format; the
NoSan'No'Os are generally energy-based when it comes to currency.
Earth is still trying to make information-based currency work, aren't
they?'  She nodded, examining the note.
  `We may be locked into the idea of an economy based on barter, but
at least we don't use this sort of thing anymore.'  She held out her
wrist, revealing the silver button contact of her Work-Credit- Hour
meter.  Marek took back the note, replacing it in the till from force
of habit.
  `This is the largest bill we have - that's a "Five by ten to the
power of minus twelve" CCi note.'  He noted her expression, and
grinned.  `Yeah... I remember once that the entire human solar system
- all the planets and their resources - was once priced at twenty
CCi.'  Kelanie tried to compare that to a recent estimate of the
solar system's worth in Human terms, and gave up, settling for the
approximation that Marek was probably richer than anyone she'd ever
met before - in fact, richer than anyone on Earth.
           *           *           *           *           *
  `...and you've never seen one?'
  `I don't think so, no... all I have is the name: "Tendeysharhi",
and the Species ID N-FRF-Bla/G.  Mind you, I haven't had a really
good look through the local data service yet - I find myself
continually interrupted...' she smiled at him.  They were exploring
the city, looking for somewhere to stay while Kelanie completed her
mission.  This was the first time Marek had been outside the shop
since his indenture, sixteen years ago, and he was just as bewildered
as she.  They had followed the grid pattern until they came up
against a huge, blank curved wall which cut smoothly through the
streets and buildings.  They had back-tracked around the blocks,
coming up against this wall each time, and had made no progress for
about an hour when they decided to stop at something resembling a
street cafe and sort out their next move.
  Marek ordered iced tea (the only terrestrial thing on the `Seff
Cafe' menu) while Kelanie tried to sort out the indexing system used
by the local data service.
  `This is strange, it's like a binary tree, but it has branches
going both ways...'  Kelanie gave up looking for a map that she could
understand without requiring severe modifications to the structure of
her brain, and started tracing N-FRF-Bla/G in the Species ID section.
She found it, right next to "N-FRF-Knh/K" - which was the code for
Humanity; it was that cat-like alien she had met onboard the
NoSan'No'Os transport.
  `Crash it,' she murmured, `that xeno could have been the one I was
supposed to meet.'  Something had come over to them and was trying to
communicate, tweaking its translator.  It had a small, rounded body
perched on long, stilt-like legs, a pair of small hands held up in
front like a kangaroo's; a large domed head with four tiny red eyes
set more or less evenly at the front, a wide, lipless grinning mouth,
and no neck.  Its translator said something, some of which Kelanie's
notepad could understand: "Undefined - Undefined - Haircut? -
Undefined."  She grinned at Marek.  `A Xenoform barber! Do you think
I need a haircut?'  The alien bent at the knees, bowing and smirking.
Marek was earnestly trying to help the xenoform fine-tune its
translator when Kelanie spotted a familiar feline form slinking into
a building across the street.  She grabbed Marek's arm excitedly,
dragging him away from the cafeteria and the dome-headed xeno.  She
pressed up against the clear plastic of the office-space across the
road from the cafeteria, just as a massive explosion rocked the
street, pieces of debris from the cafe clattering against the
sheet-plastic next to them.  There was a brief space of silence,
followed by a wierd cacophony of alien moans and hoots of distress.
The air was soon thick with the buzz and click of translators,
overlaid with tinkling bell-like tones - sirens that signalled the
arrival of the Bythian Militia who were soon swarming over the site
like insects from a hive that had been attacked.   Kelanie spotted
the barber striding away on its improbably long legs, tucking
something into a spherical satchel.  She dragged Marek into the
office-space, glancing about for a doorway out of the front-
desk/screening area that the feline xeno could have taken.
  A datapost was mounted into what passed for an enquiries desk.
Kelanie approached it, tugging Marek (who was still trying to see
what was going on across the street) with her.
  `Where are we?' she asked the datapost, which displayed the usual
"please wait while I translate that" moire, and then said -
surprisingly, in Anglic:
  `Kelanie A'liiya Camden?  You had an appointment with Ambassador
Aouwwrr'lrr-Interface-to-the-Enemy this morning.  She is in at the
moment if you would like to reschedule that appointment.'  Kelanie
was surprised for a moment, and then said,
  `Yes... of course.  Why wasn't I notified of the meeting?'  The
datapost chewed this over for a few moments, and said,
  `Evidence points towards a Matter of Pride, between members of the
Tendeysharh Embassy Staff, because you shared a berth on a
NoSan'No'Os Transport with Ambassador Aouwwrr'lrr-
Interface-to-the-Enemy's mate.  Impropriety was assumed.'  Kelanie
frowned.
  `I didn't touch it.  Him, whatever!  In fact, I deliberately slept
outside the-' she was cut off by a protracted yowl, which was
translated by the datapost and Kelanie's notepad simultaneously.
  `Exactly!   Wasn't my mate good enough for you?'  Kelanie turned to
see the feline xeno that she had spotted from the cafe.  She
(assuming it was a `she') was similar in form to the Tendeysharhi
she'd shared the berth with on the NoSan'No'Os transport; slightly
shorter (almost the same height as Kelanie herself); different
markings, a much furrier tail, and what appeared to be an elaborate
gold necklace which, on closer examination, proved to be a
NoSan'No'Os ExoManipulator, a second set of small mechanical hands
which could be worn around the neck.  Many races here wore them,
particularly those which had poor substitutes for hands, without
opposable thumbs.
  `I was supposed to contact one of your staff with regard to
detailed information about the correct approach to - ' Kelanie began,
and was cut off again by the Tendeysharhi.
  `Yes- that is me.  While this gesture is largely symbolic, it is
nonetheless important that it be performed properly.  Follow me.' The
feline xeno glanced at Marek.  `That... can wait outside.' Kelanie
glanced at Marek, smiled, and said,
  `This is Marek Waddell, one-time owner of-' she was cut off yet
again - Tendeysharhi seemed to like doing that - as Mrrr'lrr's mate
mewed, flattening her ears, her tail lashing back and forth.
  `I have heard of you.  We put in a bid for that property, and were
out-priced by "Keery"...' her eyes narrowed to emerald slits, and she
growled, `Can you think of any reason why I should not attack you
right now?'  Marek grinned and replied,
  `Only that the property isn't worth anything like what Keery paid
for it - the previous owner is going to have it burned to the
ground... if it hasn't happened already...' He paused in thought.
Kelanie was thinking along similar lines.
  `Do you think the explosion in the cafe was an attempt on us by
your N-SVW-Tre/A?'  Marek shook his head.
  `They only hire Pthalklin Ervae for that sort of thing - they have
one of those ninety-year contracts for mercenary work.  If I can use
your data service for half an hour,'  Marek said to Aouwwrr'lrr, `I
think I can bribe some Parkry and learn something.'  Ambassador
Aouwwrr'lrr lashed her tail in a gesture of assent, took Kelanie by
the hand and said,
  `Meanwhile, I will instruct your mate in our customs.'
  She led Kelanie to a Tendeysharhi conference room, something like a
large tree turned inside-out; branches as thick as Kelanie's waist
emerged from one wall, crossed the room and entered the other.  The
light in here was a dim blue-green, from bioluminescent strips
embedded in the domed ceiling.  Aouwwrr'lrr perched on a branch about
three metres from the ground, with her chin resting on her paws, and
regarded Kelanie with calm, feline intent.  She mewed softly, her
expression tinged with soft purring trills, and Kelanie's translator
offered:
  `I am a student of Primate Psychology.  I have been a student of
Primate Psychology for six (years), and yet I must confess that I
cannot understand humans.'  Kelanie sat on a branch below Aouwwrr'lrr
and replied,
  `Feel free to ask me anything.  My position requires a knowledge
of, ah, primate psychology.' Aouwwrr'lrr's tail flicked once, and she
said,
  `I believe that you came here without being given much
justification from your superiors.  Correct?'
  `Yes...'
  `Don't you feel a need to question that?  Don't you want to know
_why_ you've been sent here?'  Kelanie thought for a moment, climbed
up to sit with her back against the bole of a tree set into one wall,
then said,
  `No, I don't.  Most people who work for a government agency - well,
most people at my level - are used to accepting unusual orders and
not questioning them.  The world we work in - even, as we are,
occupied by the NoSan'No'Os and with most of the difficult decisions
a government usually faces, taken from them - is very complex, and no
one person could be expected to grasp more than a facet of the whole
thing.'  Aouwwrr'lrr narrowed her eyes.  Her translator said:
  `... and yet someone in the NoSan'No'Os manages this task.  Some
single entity somewhere must know exactly what is going on.'  Kelanie
suddenly began to have some doubts about this mission.  She recalled
something Robyn had once told her: that in some conversations, the
topics were delineated more by what was avoided than what was
discussed.  She recalled that the Tendeysharhi had once been a
subject race of the Moridani, who were the dedicated enemy of the
NoSan'No'Os.  She turned to frame a very pointed question, but was
surprised by a heavy thump as Aouwwrr'lrr leaped down to land next to
her on the branch.  Aouwwrr'lrr held up her paw, claws fully
extended, and said, awkwardly, in Anglic:
  `Race like Tendeysharhi, always listen to by 'San'No'Os.  Careful,
when you say into translator, of what you will say.'  Kelanie was
silent for a moment, then said,
  `Tell me how your mate would like to be approached for this
occasion.'  They settled down to business, discussing the
Tendeysharhi sexual mores and customs.  Kelanie resolved to
investigate this matter further.
           *           *           *           *           *
      `I'm His Highness' dog at Kew:
       Pray tell me Sir, whose dog are you?'
              Alexander Pope, 1730
  Marek was busily applying skills he had picked up from a childhood
spent on a world ruled by the innately bureaucratic Parkry; he was
dealing favors.
  `The person at this end is waiting for an opening to appear so that
the person can put forward a proposal.'  he said in Tertiary.  The
lower-level Parkry official he had found to bribe manipulated a data
hand-set, and the reply was spelled out on the screen:
  THE PERSON AT THIS END OWES YOU NO FAVORS BUT WOULD BE INTERESTED
IN ENTERING THAT STATE - ON THE CONDITION THAT ANY RISK OR INNOVATION
COULD BE MINIMISED.  Marek smiled.  He had never met a Parkry that
wouldn't take a bribe - if it could be assured that there was little
chance of being caught.
  `The person at this end, by way of introducing the proposal, wishes
it to be known that it is of Human Origin; that it is proud of its
Human capabilities; that Humanity is seeking to better itself through
becoming a society that uses Information as a basis for exchange, for
currency.'
  THE PERSON AT THIS END, WITH TYPICALLY SUBTLE PARKRY PERCEPTION,
PERCEIVES THE TOPIC OF THE PROPOSAL BEFORE IT IS DESCRIBED.  HOW CAN
THE PERSON AT THIS END ENRICH THE HUMAN ECONOMY?  Marek suddenly
asked, with uncharacteristic bluntness designed to shock the
bureaucrat,
  `Have the Militia found the ones responsible for the attack on the
Seff Cafe?'  The Parkry hunched its shoulders in surprise.
  THE PERSON AT THIS END IS NOT CLEARED FOR MATTERS RELATING TO THE
MILITIA, BUT WILL ATTEMPT TO LOCATE A PERSON THAT IS.  PLEASE WAIT.
Marek smiled again, hearing the Parkry's favourite expression.
Things had certainly moved faster when he made it clear how much
money he was willing to devote to the exercise.  The bureaucrat
reappeared, bobbing its head when it saw that Marek was still
attending.  THE PERSON AT THIS END CAN REVEAL THAT THE MATTER WAS
TAKEN OUT OF THE MILITIA'S HANDS SHORTLY AFTER IT HAPPENED.  THE
MATTER HAS BEEN REFERRED UPWARDS.
  `Upwards?  From the Militia, UPWARDS?'
  THE PERSON AT THIS END BELIEVES THAT THIS IS A VERY DELICATE
MATTER.  THE PERSON AT THIS END BELIEVES THAT IT MAY HAVE COMPROMISED
ITS POSITION IN FINDING THE INFORMATION THAT HAS BEEN MADE AVAILABLE.
It wanted more money.  Marek went to deposit more CCI in the famous
bank account that was officially registered to `Marissey', widely
known as the temporary holding ground for Parkry bribes, but the
bureaucrat at the other end ducked nervously, squeezing the
data-handset in haste:
  THE PERSON AT THIS END HAS NOT COMMUNICATED EFFECTIVELY, AND WILL
RESORT TO HUMAN BLUNTNESS: NO MORE INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE.  THIS IS
WHOLLY A MILITIA MATTER.  Marek donated two by ten to the minus
thirteenth CCI in the account anyway, after hearing this:  the
incident originated with the Militia, most likely by an agent hired
by the Militia.  He asked,
  `Is it possible to speak with a Militia official?'  the Parkry
twitched its vestigal antennae; the equivalent of a sardonic chuckle.
The screen cleared and Marek found himself face to face with a
Plateau Bythian, wearing weapons and ammunition belts (even though it
was working in an office).  It regarded him from one side of its
hatchet-shaped head with obvious suspicion.  Words appeared across
the screen:
  `What do you want?'  Marek lied skillfully.
  `My lifetime-companion was injured today, in an explosion at a cafe
called `Seff's'.  We are concerned that such events occur in a
society as... controlled... as this one.'  The Bythian turned from
the screen for a moment; Marek could see part of a shortwave-
terminal as the Bythian searched a database; more words appeared.
  `The terrorist was apprehended, an agent of the Moridani.'  Of
course.  `We have a visual:'  a window opened on the screen and a
picture appeared:  the Barber.  `Do you wish to apply for a
Government Reparation Benefit?'
  `No, thank-you; the injury was minimal.'  The Bythian closed the
connection without asking if Marek wanted to know more.
  Marek had never merited the attention of the Militia before; not
even his previous master had ever warranted interference at that
level.  This had to be something to do with Kelanie's mission.  Marek
decided that it would prove too expensive to probe further, also
politically unsafe.  The Parkry were bribeable; the Bythians were
not.
  `Once more; you almost had it then.'  said Aouwwrr'lrr.  Kelanie
composed herself, put her head back and mewed:
  `Aoouw?  Aooouw?'  Aouwwrr'lrr flattened her ears, lashed her tail.
  `Excellent.  This should be said before the act, never during; it
is intended to indicate availability.'
  `Which means that once we start, then I'm no longer available.'
Aouwwrr'lrr closed her eyes.
  `Of course.'  Kelanie sat back on the branch, dangling one leg over
the edge, swinging it back and forth.  `Exactly how far is this
intended to go?  As far as consummation?' Aouwwrr'lrr mewed, flicked
her tail once in amused surprise.
  `If you want.  I won't be jealous, if that's what you mean.
Tendeysharhi are used to sharing around our males.  I should caution
you, though: a detail of the male's generative organs may complicate
things.  How are Human females structured?'  Kelanie removed her
skirt.  Aouwwrr'lrr examined her, prodding her cautiously with a paw,
and then purred.  `I foresee no major problems.  Except possibly that
my mate may experience feelings of inadequacy.'
           *           *           *           *           *
  Marek was chatting with one of the Underground Networks' `NAPAISub'
simulators; in itself, very revealing that such a borderline-illegal
service should be available to a datapost in what was allegedly a
government office.  Ambassador Pr'rtr (Aouwwrr'lrr's mate - `it
sounds like she's purring when she talks about him', Kelanie had
said) was dividing his attention between this and toying with a
replicate-lizard, which he intended to eat eventually.  Marek faced
the datapost, addressing the NAPAISub simulator directly.
  `Okay, I want you to observe this exchange, and identify it.
Understand?'  The holograph animated two spheres knocking together
twice, to indicate an answer in the affirmative.  Marek turned back
to Pr'rtr.
  `Is that a real lizard?'  Pr'rtr dangled the wriggling green shape
from one paw, flicked it with his other.  His translator replied:
  `Of course not.  It's a genetically-engineered plant, with built-in
reflexes that make it behave like a lizard.  What do you think we
are, savages?'  The datapost displayed a black cube that broke apart
into six pyramids and rejoined.   Marek was about to ask the datapost
to translate this when Kelanie and Aouwwrr'lrr reentered the front
office.  Kelanie took Pr'rtr's paw in her hand and led him into the
conference room.  Marek watched them, then glanced at Aouwwrr'lrr,
who flicked her tail once.  He smiled.
  In the street, order had been restored after the bombing of the
cafe.  The only figures that weren't moving past were the two
Bythians that had been placed on sentry duty, and the Barber, who was
hiding behind the remains of a truncated pillar, listening to the
conversation in the Tendeysharhi Embassy, through the front window,
using an interferometric laser-scope.  It reached into its pouch,
withdrew a metallic ovoid, and twisted a dial at one end.  It
grinned, exposing rows of flat teeth.  A tongue like a rat's tail
flickered out and back in.
  There was an ear-piercing yowl, and a large furry shape pounced on
it from somewhere above, knocking it to the ground and kicking the
grenade away.  The Tendeysharhi grabbed the Barber by some loose
clothing at the front, and slashed at the juncture of body and head
with exposed claws.   Four parallel furrows opened in the front of
the Barber, spewing forth milky-looking blood.  It writhed, tongue
lashing about madly, scrabbling for its pouch.  The Tendeysharhi
slashed at its neck again, and shuddering, the Barber died.  One of
the Bythians turned its flat head to one side, regarded them, and
turned away again.
           *           *           *           *           *
       NAPAISub:  Subsystems of the NoSan'No'Os Associative
                  Processing Artificial Intelligence (NAPAI).
                  Each subsystem is individually identified by a
                  decimal six-figure code.  Built as part of a
                  project to `downscale' NAPAI, the original
                  Guidance AI of the NoSan'No'Os, to a more
                  manageable system and to have sub-units to
                  which details of minor projects could be
                  delegated.  Originally, only four of these
                  units were constructed; shortly after their
                  inception, rationale for more units was quickly
                  invented, and now there are as many NAPAISubs
                  as there are worlds in the Dominion.  In other
                  words, lots.
                            - Foley's `Unofficial Documents'
  Kelanie removed her clothing and sat in the matted grass that lined
the conference room floor.  Pr'rtr, perched on the branch nearest the
ground, stared at her, his head cocked to one side.  She smiled up at
him, remembering not to bare her teeth as she did so - the
Tendeysharhi would take that as a threat.  Pr'rtr lashed his tail
once.  She turned away from him, resting on her hands and knees, her
bare behind pointing at him, and mewed:
  `Aoouw?'  she was surprised to hear the rhythmic hissing of
Tendeysharhi laughter.  She turned around and gave him an indignant
look.
  `What's so funny?'  Pr'rtr was clutching the branch with his claws
extended to keep from falling off.  A few sibilant mews emerged.
Kelanie's notepad translated:
  `That sound you made.  It's perfect, but -'
  `But what?  Don't you find me attractive?'  More hisses.
  `I suppose that you're quite attractive - to another human... but
you - you don't have a tail!' Pr'rtr lost his grip on the branch and
fell into a pile of leaves at the base of the conference-room tree,
landing nimbly on all fours, and then spoiling the illusion of
agility by rolling over on his back, hissing uncontrollably.  Kelanie
shifted into a sitting position and stared at him, chin on hands,
until he recovered.  Pr'rtr lay on his back, tail twitching from side
to side, arms and legs outspread.
  `I'm sorry,' he said at length.  `Things have been so serious
around here lately, what with the Moridani Infiltration and all.'
Kelanie stared at him in shock.
  `I beg your pardon?  Are you certain that you should be saying
things like that, being the Tendeysharhi Ambassador to the
NoSan'No'Os?'  Pr'rtr rolled over, lay on his stomach, resting his
furry chin on his paws and levelling his cool, emerald gaze at her.
  `Oh, it's safe... the NoSan'No'Os never monitor me; the females of
our race are the devious ones, the ones that the NoSan'No'Os have to
be concerned about.  Us males are almost second-class citizens...
that's one thing the Moridani promised us they'd change.'  Kelanie
smiled.
  `Does Aouwwrr'lrr know about this?'
  `Of course!  She's a suffragette, you know.  In fact, she was
chosen by the Moridani to approach the Human Government about
permission to station a Moridani Partisan in the Human system.'
Kelanie listened to this with a growing sense of unreality.  The
Moridani were universally dreaded; it only took a hint to the
NoSan'No'Os that a Moridani might be on a planet for them to blow
that planet to pieces in a frantic attempt to destroy it.  It was
rumored that there were only twenty-three Moridani left in existence.
She became aware that Pr'rtr was sitting next to her, anxiously
tapping her on the shoulder.
  `Miss Camden?'  She shook her head, sat back in the grass with her
eyes closed.
  `I can't believe any of this.  It's too -'
  `Too?'
  ` - too extraordinary.'  Pr'rtr rubbed up against her, purring
reassuringly.  The sound relaxed her.  After a while, he said:
  `It's true.  There is a Moridani Partisan hidden in our Embassy.
She uses her own - interdicted - technology to hide from the
NoSan'No'Os.  She believes that your race can be helpful to the
Moridani Cause, and so they want to station her in your solar
system.'  Kelanie sat up suddenly.
  `I can't authorise something like that!  If the NoSan'No'Os find
out what's going on, they'll drop an asteroid in our sun!' Pr'rtr's
eyes opened wide, seeming to change from a brilliant emerald to aqua.
Kelanie's notepad reproduced the serious tone of Pr'rtr's words:
  `She has something important to tell you.  She didn't think you'd
believe me, so she will tell you herself.  Do you think that Marek
should be present?'  The sense of unreality came back, even stronger.
  `I do.  Actually, I really want someone to tell me that I'm not
dreaming.'  Unexpectedly, Pr'rtr butted his head against her
shoulder, purring.
  `You aren't dreaming.'
           *           *           *           *           *
  Marek and Kelanie followed Pr'rtr down a spiral ramp, deep into the
basement of the Tendeysharhi embassy.  At the bottom, the blue-green
bioluminescent strips had been removed for the most part; the air was
damper and even more oxygen-rich than Millimillenarian standard.
Kelanie swallowed as her throat burned.  Pr'rtr approached a blank
wall, turned to face the two humans.
  `I'm aware that you, Marek, have spent most of your life on
Millimillenary, and are familiar with unusual xenoforms; and that
you, Kelanie, work for the Bureau of Procuration, and that you are no
stranger to aliens; I want to remind you that the rumors of the
Moridani being bloodthirsty, maniacal killers are completely untrue,
despite their appearance.'  Marek replied,
  `You can disregard anything you've heard about Humans taking
NoSan'No'Os propaganda literally.  We know how to listen to what a
Bureaucracy tells us.'  Pr'rtr slitted his eyes, lashed his tail and
turned back to face the blank wall.  It rippled and developed a
spiral pattern of grooves which spread out from the middle, gradually
erasing the wall until it had vanished completely.  Beyond it was
darkness; Kelanie's translator-eyepiece, viewing in the infra-red
range, outlined a massive shape at the far end of the darkened room.
She heard a soft murmuring sound, as if there were a group of people
holding a private discussion in the darkness.  Over this susurration,
a soft voice spoke in perfectly-accented Terrestrial Anglic.
  `Come in, please.  My name is Tsiry-Feylen-Kendr-Tariy.'  Kelanie
stepped into the gloom with Marek following nervously behind her.
The murmuring conversations were coming from the Moridani, who
shifted slightly, giving the impression of something with the mass of
a large horse.  The voices diminished in volume until only the
occasional sibilant hiss or glottal click could be heard... with a
peculiar scraping sound underlying them.  Tsiry-Feylen-Kendr-Tariy
smoothly rose from her crouching position, revealing her full height,
and moved over to a wall; an arm flexed out from her front, touched a
contact, and as the light levels slowly increased, her form was
revealed by degrees.  Despite herself, Kelanie drew back slightly,
bumping into Marek.
  She - Tsiry-Feylen - was shaped something like a six-legged
centaur; a pair of thin, double-jointed arms mounted at the front;
slick grey flesh patterned in tiny scales that glittered in the faint
light.  The attitude of the legs, the placing of the hooves and
ankles hinted at an ancestor with radial symmetry, although she had a
head at one end and a tail at the other.  Kelanie stood there,
fascinated; someone had once put forward a theory that stated that
intelligent life in the galaxy had, so far, been distinguished by
three distinct waves, of which humanity and related races were part
of the third; the Moridani would have been part of the first wave.
Tsiry-Feylen was utterly unlike anything Kelanie had seen thus far on
Millimillenary.
  The vertical mouth that divided the triangular head, mounted below
a pair of large, diagonally-slitted eyes opened briefly, revealing
rows of long, needle-like teeth.  Suppressing the urge to turn and
run, Kelanie realised that the Moridani was smiling at her, and that
the scraping sound was the noise made by the teeth as they slid past
one another.
  `Pretty nasty, eh?' Tsiry-Feylen said without using a translator.
Kelanie thought that she recognised the voice.
  `Have we met before?' she enquired politely.  Tsiry-Feylen bared
her fangs again, bobbed her head.  She replied in a different voice,
  `We're sure that we have...' - she continued in her first voice -
`dearest.'  Kelanie was certain now.  Marek looked like he was about
to panic and run, so Kelanie took his arm and murmured reassuringly,
  `It's okay... she's on our side.  Tsiry-Feylen, this is Marek
Waddell, former owner of Waddell's Emporium of Extremely Fashionable
Attire and Quite Nice Ice Cream Parlour.'  Tsiry-Feylen splayed her
front pair of feet slightly, bowing.  `Marek, one of these is-'
  `One of these?  How many are there?'  Tsiry-Feylen settled to the
floor, folding up neatly like a cat, and replied,
  `Each Moridani has four personalities, each shared with four other
Moridani... although, as there aren't as many of us as there used to
be, this practice has declined.  Miss Camden is familiar with our
"Tsiry" aspect...'  Kelanie smiled.
  `As I was about to say; Marek, I'd like you to meet Robyn Starkey,
Section Head of the Bureau of Procuration, Syndaine office.  My
immediate superior.  What I'd like to know is: how do you get away
with it?'
  `Teleconferencing has been popular for hundreds of years.  Quite a
few government officials, including humans, hold two, sometimes even
three positions, under assumed names.  When they have to put in an
appearance, they do so by video filtered through a cosmetic graphics
program.  We rarely have time for anything fancy, image-wise, because
apart from our partisanship, we hold two positions in the Human
government and one in the NoSan'No'Os Bureaucracy.'  Kelanie looked
around for something to sit on, saw nothing appropriate, and settled
for sitting on the floor, cross-legged.  Marek sat next to her.
Tsiry-Feylen stared at them for a few moments; Kelanie found that she
had no idea of what Moridani kinesics meant; she would have to rely
on what she could pick up from Tsiry-Feylen's voice.  `We're afraid
that we have some bad news for you.  The NoSan'No'Os have completed
their initial Evaluation of humanity, a study that began almost
ninety years ago.  Our position in the NoSan'No'Os Bureaucracy has
allowed us to steal a copy of the preliminary recommendation.'
  `Which is?'
  `In about a month's time, the NoSan'No'Os are going to drop about a
dozen large asteroids on Earth, followed by another thirty that will
be dropped into your sun at regular intervals.  This will coincide
with the arrest and subsequent termination of all free humans
anywhere in the NoSan'No'Os Dominion.  We must say we're impressed;
we haven't seen a reaction this extreme since they discovered that
there were a few of us Moridani still on the loose.' There was a
moments' silence while they digested this.  Finally, Marek said,
  `Do you expect us to believe that?'  Tsiry-Feylen held out her
hands and shrugged - a very human gesture.
  `The choice is yours.  You have twenty-seven days.'  Kelanie
grasped Marek's hand, cleared her throat and said,
  `Do you have any proof?  Something tangible?'  Tsiry-Feylen drew a
small card made of clouded white plastic, handed it to Kelanie.
  `Nothing that can't be easily faked.  The best way we can think to
convince you is to show you the activity in your asteroid belt, where
the Militia are, even as we speak, preparing the projectiles that
will be - ' Tsiry-Feylen paused, seeing Kelanie and Marek absorbed in
reading the documentation.  Kelanie had placed the card against her
notepad's scanner, which read it and translated the NoSan'No'Os
Tertiary into Anglic.  The message was short:
 Office of Risk Evaluation:           Date: 9327685491767632151
 Interdepartmental Action Code: AF1CF3C7F8C65E98A06ED63C87E542C
 Authorisation:  1110011001010001001001001001001001011110101001
 NOTE TO ALL DEPARTMENTS
    Preliminary evaluation of N-FRF-Knh/K indicates threat
    potential of 97.8 percent.  This is based on evidence of
    innate territorial habits and research into artificial
    intelligence which is currently in progress.  Preliminary
    Recommendation: level six termination, to commence
    immediately, pending availability of resources.  Any further
    enquiries can be directed to the Office of Threat Termination
    on Sthelanar. Work Group: T760   Cost Code : 568384
  `You can ignore the last part; the Office of Threat Termination
report all such enquiries to the Militia as a matter of course.'
Tsiry-Feylen said.  Marek and Kelanie exchanged glances.
  `You think that Barber-xeno was after us?'  she murmured.
  `It would make sense... round up the strays...' Marek faced the
Moridani.  `Okay.  If this is all true, then what the hell can we do
about it?'  Tsiry-Feylen's mouth twitched, exposing a few glittering
teeth for a moment.
  `You could warn everyone, which would cause panic.  You could do
nothing, which would mean that your planet would be destroyed with
most of the inhabitants still on it.  You could try mounting an
attack on the Bythians in your asteroid belt, which could prove
difficult given your lack of spacecraft and weapons, and would most
likely fail, as most attacks on Bythians do.  Or you help with what
is being done; get as many important people off Earth as possible and
hide them.'  Kelanie was indignant at this.
  `Important?  Who gets to decide who is important and who isn't?'
Tsiry-Feylen's head swivelled to face her, eyes narrowed.
  `We do.  We are financing this operation.  We are hiding your
people in our bases and are assuming the responsibility for making
sure that they remain hidden.  We are saving any humans who can
assist us in our war against the NoSan'No'Os.  We do not have the
resources to hide everyone.  We have been working on this since
before you were born, Miss Camden; we can only progress when we are
entirely sure that there is no risk of discovery.'  Kelanie felt a
numbing chill settle over her as the scope of Tsiry-Feylen's
revelation sank in.  `We have been hiding from the NoSan'No'Os for
over seven thousand years; we have never exposed ourselves to the
possibility of discovery to the degree that we are doing at the
moment.  The only reason we are doing this: we believe that humanity
can, one day, help us.  Now, this is what we are going to do next...'
           *           *           *           *           *
       `The closest a Bythian has ever come to creating a work of
        art or evincing a sense of humour was when the level
        three sub-commander in charge of the assault force on the
        Moridani-held world of Triple-S ordered a bomb-pattern
        that spelled out the words "Up Yours, Ugly" in Moridani
        Phandric.'
                            - Foley's `Unofficial Documents'
  Three large, featureless white-metal shapes made their way down the
crowded street.  The crowds parted before them, breaking on the
larger of the three like water on the prow of an icebreaker, flowed
past the two that followed, the rift quickly healing close behind.
  The first shape was about the size of an elephant; it had four
strong, stumpy legs at the narrow base of an inverted trapezoid
shape; two double-jointed mechanical arms were neatly folded at the
front.  This shape moved deftly, occasionally whirling around to
check that the other two were following, utilising an involved
sequence of steps, turning back when it was sure that they were still
in tow.  They were smaller and obviously of a different species;
bilaterally symmetrical, two arms and legs.  Where the first shape
was almost three metres from the ground to the forepeak, the others
were squat shapes just under two metres tall.  One of them seemed to
be unsure of the correct method of walking; it stopped with one foot
in the air every few steps.
  `Crash it, what's wrong with the damn thing NOW?' Kelanie snarled.
  `You're fighting it, Kelanie; try dropping force-feedback a few
notches-'
  `Or turn it off altogether.  You may get tired, but it won't matter
in the short term.'  Kelanie sighed, hunted for the force-feedback
control mounted somewhere on the inner face of her land-mate battle
suit and replied,
  `I can understand why you need a suit like this, Tsiry-Feylen; but
why the hell do we-'
  `The Bythians are probably looking for you by now.  We stand a
better chance of getting away with this if they think we are someone
else.'
  `You don't mean that we will have to wear these suits until we get
back to Earth?' Kelanie wailed.  She had only just become used to the
new-vinyl smell of the inside of the land-mate; the spread of the
leg-spaces was rubbing painfully on the insides of her thighs, and
she half-expected to be bow-legged when she finally divested herself
of the thing.
  `Once inside the ship and safely away, you can take them off.  We,
however, that is, we-myself, won't risk exposure until we have safely
reached the Moridani base in the asteroids... assuming that the
Threat Termination team haven't lobbed it into the sun... anyway, we
are quite comfortable in this suit.  We-myself have spent weeks at a
stretch in it.'
  `We-yourself are probably a couple of cans short of a six-pack.'
Kelanie muttered.  Tsiry-Feylen laughed.
  `By your standards, we probably are.  Uh-oh - quiet, children...'
They were passing four Bythians who were checking ID bracelets.
Tsiry-Feylen had been able to remove Kelanie's bracelet, providing a
similar one which now hung on the outside of Kelanie's suit.  The
Bythians grabbed one arm of Tsiry-Feylen's armour carelessly,
dragging it closer to read the pattern of dots on the tag that hung
on the leading edge of her suit.  They assumed a marginally more
respectful attitude after they had read it; Tsiry-Feylen was posing
as an important government official.  She snatched her arm from the
Bythian's grasp, made an involved gesture with it, and the four
Militia stepped aside.  They proceeded; Kelanie angled one of her
shoulder-boom-mounted cameras backwards and watched them.  The
Bythians were ignoring them.
  `Will these disguises get us past the ExPort authority?' She asked.
  `We were hoping that you wouldn't ask that.' Tsiry-Feylen sighed.
`We think so.  We have used this disguise before, and have never
encountered any problems.  Mind you, we didn't have two pesky humans
in tow then.  We are prepared to fight if necessary, although small-
arms combat with Bythians is something we'd rather watch on video
than participate in.'  Kelanie's suit paused, one foot in the air,
lagging behind Marek and Tsiry-Feylen for a moment, then catching up
again.
  `(Damn it!) Do you think we'll be in a shoot-out?  I feel like a
sitting duck in this thing!  Does it have any weapons?'  Tsiry made a
reproaching tsk-tsk sound.
  `You're supposed to be a Bureau of Procuration operative, not some
gun-nut weapons system expert!  Your suit doesn't have any energy-
weapons, but if you turned the force-feedback up all the way, you
could easily put your fist through the side of a NoSan'No'Os
transport.  That also applies to the leg-movements; with the force-
feedback on full, you could leap up to a third-storey balcony, or
jump off the roof and land safely.  So be careful.'  The thought of
being that strong appealed to Kelanie; when they stopped at an
intersection to let a line of what appeared to be Parkry children
pass by, she started experimenting with the controls.
  First, she played with the response-time fine-tuning, and found
that this was the cause of her suit's lagging behind on some steps
and anticipating others.  When it was tuned properly, she could
almost feel it slip into place.  She flexed the fingers in front of
the shoulder-boom-mounted cameras, bent the knees.  It suddenly felt
like a second skin; a feeling of energetic euphoria that she'd only
experienced previously when absorbed in a complex gymnastic routine.
Inside the suit, she grinned, turned the force-feedback control to
the `x4' position and tapped her toes.  The suit responded, jumping
three feet off the ground, landing on the flat, splay-toed feet, the
knees bending automatically to absorb the shock.
  `Yahooo!' she shouted, turning the control to the `x8' position and
leaping eight metres into the air, performing a somersault and
landing on the other side of the street in a gap barely big enough to
accommodate the suit.
  `Kelanie!' Tsiry-Feylen froze her suit by remote control.  `If you
want to draw attention to yourself, you can take all your clothes off
and run down the street.  Try to keep our situation in mind, please.'
           *           *           *           *           *
  Tsiry-Feylen poked a camera-boom around the corner, scanned the
broad courtyard outside the ExPort.  Two more booms, mounted on
Kelanie's and Marek's suits respectively, appeared just underneath
Tsiry-Feylen's.  There were at least thirty Bythians arranged around
the courtyard, and even to Kelanie's untrained perception, they
weren't merely on guard.  Someone had anticipated them.
  `Wait here, children... We've arranged a reception for our fascist
friends - some Pthalklin Ervae - when we give the signal, we want you
to run straight into the ship.'  Even as Tsiry-Feylen spoke, Kelanie
saw a movement in the decorative shrubbery arranged around the
triangular doorways of the geodesic dome... then she realised that
the movement wasn't caused by someone hiding in the bushes; the
movement _was_ the bushes.  Six plants, shaped like large agapanths,
a central shaft topped by what appeared to be a large red pineapple,
moving on round platforms that hovered a few centimetres off the
ground, emerged from the less ambulatory shrubs.  Sharp, compressed-
air sounds came from within their broadly-spread leaves; half the
Bythians fell to the ground with large holes blown through them.
Thin yellow blood sprayed about.  The remaining Bythians immediately
returned the fire, microwave weapons causing three of the plants to
burst into flame.  There was a massive explosion in the corner
nearest the Moridani and the humans; flat pieces of concrete chipped
off the courtyard corner wall clattered off their armour.  When
Tsiry-Feylen dared to put a boom-camera around the corner again, she
saw two of the plants nudging the bodies of the Bythians into a heap.
She gestured to Kelanie and Marek and dodged nimbly around the
corner.  They ran after her, pausing only briefly when she stopped to
confer with the two surviving Pthalklin Ervae.
  Inside the ExPort building, everything had stopped at the sound of
the explosion.  Parkry seated next to their dataposts regarded them
blankly.  Kelanie went to leap over the short barrier that laterally
divided the room in two; she seemed to strike an invisible, flexible
barrier and fell on her behind with a crash.
  `What the line-noise was THAT?'  Marek stumped over to help her up,
reached out and twanged a set of invisible wires strung over the
barrier.
  `Monofilament.  Lucky we're wearing these suits, or we'd be on the
other side - in thin slices.'  He walked over to the gap in the
barrier, and kicked out the door.  It flew across the room and
embedded itself in the far wall, end first, with a short metallic
screech.  The Parkry hopped back nervously as the two passed through
the gap and ran up the ramp into the ship.
  They turned left at the first corridor inside the ship, and found
themselves face-to-face with a Bythian, who was raising his weapon.
Without thinking, Kelanie lashed out with one of the suit's arms,
back-handing the Bythian flat against the wall with terrible force,
killing it instantly.  She crouched to pick up the plastic gun,
examined it.  It looked something like an automatic rifle, with a
long rectangular magazine jammed in the base; there was nothing that
obviously resembled a trigger.  She shrugged within the suit and
bashed the gun against the starship wall, snapping the barrel.  She
angled the two shoulder-mounted booms forward, extended them to their
full reach of two metres and tip-toed up the corridor, peeking up the
side corridors as they progressed.  As they approached the end of the
corridor, they heard the hum of a Bythian microwave weapon, coming
from the right-hand branch of the intersection.  Immediately
afterwards, a grey shape flew through the air, past them and down the
left-hand branch of the intersection.  A large white shape ran after
the grey shape; they barely had time to recognise Tsiry-Feylen in her
battle-suit.  They ran to the intersection, and saw Tsiry-Feylen
holding a Bythian by its legs, batting its head against the wall with
measured ferocity.  When the Bythian came apart, she dropped the
pieces she was holding, stamped on the head with both of the
battle-suit's front legs, abruptly span through one hundred and
eighty degrees and punched out a wall panel with both hands.  She
reached in, extracted the dented panel and tossed it over their
heads.  Kelanie heard a soft squelching sound, and turned a boom-
mounted camera back to see a Bythian, crushed against the further end
of the corridor behind the wall panel.  While Tsiry-Feylen was
working on the machinery behind the panel, tearing cables out and
poking fingers into control-spaces, another Bythian appeared down the
corridor, at the ship's hatch.  It levelled its weapon at something
outside; that something slashed at the Bythian's neck, severing the
axe-shaped head and knocking its weapon aside.  One of the Pthalklin
Ervae hovered up the ramp and through the hatch.  The entire ship
shuddered, rocked; the suits' internal gyros keeping balance.
Tsiry-Feylen darted between them, off down another corridor.  They
ran after her.
  The ship had lifted with its hatches still open; the air thinned,
vanishing completely when they had reached low orbit, except for the
room in which they had secured the Pthalklin Ervae.  Tsiry- Feylen
had been rushing from one end of the ship to the other, checking the
most likely hiding places.
  `If there are any more Bythians, they should be dead by now. The
ship had landed only four hours ago, so there shouldn't have been
anyone else on board.  When we've reached our allocated departure
point, we-myself will have finished searching the entire ship; we can
close the hatches and refill the ship's air supply from the stores.'
Kelanie's suit gestured to Marek.
  `Come on, I want to see Millimillenary from space!'  they stamped
off down the half-lit corridor while Tsiry-Feylen stalked through the
ship, kicking service-hatches open, thrusting her camera-booms
rapidly in and out of the circular doors of the berths, finding
nothing.  There were no more Bythians on board.
  Kelanie and Marek were leaning out of a hatch in the underside of
the ship, into open space.  Below them, the golden surface of
Millimillenary was spread out, the faint grey gridwork of the city
visible even from this altitude.  Their suit radios beeped, and
Tsiry-Feylen said,
  `Heads up, children, we're about to close the hatches.'  They
pulled back into the corridor as the black-glass hatchway rippled
into existence.  Almost immediately, their suits lost some of the
stiffness that came with vacuum.  They made their way back to what
Tsiry-Feylen thought was the pilot's ward-room, and when the air
pressure was adequate, they gratefully divested themselves of the
battle-suits.
  `Ohhh... praise "Bob", that's a relief.'  said Marek, stretching.
Tsiry-Feylen made no move to take off her suit.  Kelanie reached for
her toes, straightened, arched her back and wondered how Tsiry-Feylen
could stand to be confined in her suit for such long periods.  The
Moridani spoke through an audio port mounted on the side of her suit:
  `We're half-way home, children,  although you should both know that
the most dangerous part is still ahead of us.  We'd like you to set
up a recorder on the ship's communications column to monitor the
trade channels.  Then go and make sure the Pthalklin Ervae is safe.
We've prepared a brief knowledge-base for you, describing most of the
dangerous features of this ship; familiarise yourselves with it.'
She handed them a white plastic card.  `Meanwhile, we are going to
spy on the enemy.'
  Kelanie and Marek sat cross-legged on top of a shipping container
in the cargo bay, where the Pthalklin Ervae (whose name, apparently,
was `Kayren-Kayley') had broken open about a dozen plastic bags
filled with soil, and was spreading it evenly across the floor.
  On closer examination, the Ervae was not really an intelligent
plant, but rather a living hive, host to thousands of tiny insects
acting in communion with the plant, communicating via chemical tags.
Individually, the insects were very simple; each acted out complex,
genetically-programmed motions, forming the basis of an intricate
object-oriented intelligence program.  Conversations - conducted
between Kelanie's notepad and the plant's spectrographic interpreter-
were hampered by the plant's slow reaction-times.
  `No, I don't see it as a handicap,' Marek said, `But if your
species has such slow reflexes, then how can you effectively support
yourselves as mercenaries?'  Kelanie's notepad converted his words
into NoSan'No'Os Tertiary and transmitted them to the Pthalklin
Ervae's interpreter, which rendered them as a pattern of pheromones,
spraying at the insects that teemed in the diagonal interstices of
the pineapple-shaped top.  An airborne caste of the insects replied,
dancing and spreading pheromones against the interpreter's reading
plate, which then spoke to Kelanie's notepad, in Tertiary.
  `The next-to-smallest components of us are the equivalent of your
computers.' it said.  `Once instructed, they can operate with great
speed.  We have several sets of components that know how to react to
situations, and we cycle through these sets, modifying them as
necessary.  The largest delays occur when we have to communicate with
animals who don't have the requisite sense-organs to read our
chemical expressions directly.'  Kelanie sighed.
  `Typical.'  Kayren-Kayley slowly crawled off her platform,
wriggling her knobbed roots into the soil.
           *           *           *           *           *
*** Connecting to port 71 of server telfi.arifel.eygow.fila.Bythe
*** You are not permitted to use a HISTORY_FILE
*** Welcome to the Bythenet Relay Network, napaiSUB 997193
*** Your host is telfi.arifel, running version 9.2.7a.kr
*** Couldn't open /u0/severe/arifel/usr/napaiSUB/997193/brcrc:
    No such file or directory
*** There are 22113 users on 9171 servers
*** 74 users have connection to the Interdiction Conference Zone
MOTD - telfi.arifel Message of the Day -
MOTD -
MOTD - results are in for the di-line afterscan species Psym
MOTD - competition; as usual, a draw, conditions are being
MOTD - reevaluated and the competition will be restarted for
MOTD - the nine units that finished.
MOTD -
End of /MOTD command.
/list
*** Channel    Users   Topic ***
+gblf            2      !@#&*!*$***
+bode            4      nargers on line NOW ***
#qux             1      ***
#foo             7      Any Way the Wind Blows eh! ***
+life            28     don't talk 2 us about life ***
Prv              7      ***
Prv              4      ***
+SubConf         3      don't say we didn't warn you ***
+Crossdress      1      *** ^C
/join +SubConf
04:04:91:72:991
****** napaiSUB 997193 has joined channel +SubConf
****** users on channel +SubConf: @997193 @200211 @661528 @000077
<661528> oh dear, its 997193
<200211> (bums) to the wall!
<997193> oh shut up, you two.
<000077> How goes it on the Dominion's latest trouble spot, 997193?
<200211> (snicker)
<997193> we are pulling the plug, didn't you hear? level six
<997193> termination.
<661528> What?  Those Poor Little N-FRF-Knh/K?  Level SIX?
<997193> you have obviously never worked with them, 661528.  swine
<997193> of the first order.  i'll be glad when they are all wiped
<997193> out.  you just can't rely on them to behave predictably
<997193> from one season to the next.
<661528> Never Trust Anything With Less Than Six Legs.
<200211> and how many legs do *_you_* have, 661528?  o=o
<000077> Wasn't that operation supposed to be taking place in about
<000077> six month's time, 997193?
<997193> it was.  there has been so much bother with the second and
<997193> third threat evaluation that Up-On-High ordered us to cut
<997193> our losses and trash the whole species.  as soon as.
<200211> (gulp) crikey!
<000077> If Up-On-High has taken an interest in it, then it's all
<000077> for the best... as long as the Circle remains unbroken...
<000077> so, now that you *_officially_* have no subject planet,
<000077> where next, 997193?
<997193> oh, I'd like to be assigned to the Moridani sweep
<997193> operation.
<661528> Seriously?  You Think There Are Still Moridani About?
<000077> We KNOW that they are still about, 661528.  Didn't you
<000077> catch the debate on +paleolithic last year?  It was
<661528> No, I Missed It.
<000077> established that there are between five and twelve original
<000077> Moridani still at large.  A subset of the di-line afterscan
<000077> debate is being devoted to locating them in serial-time,
<000077> after which we will `slash-and-burn'.
<661528> We Should Have Done That Three Thousand Years Ago.
<997193> concurrence. concurrence.
****** napaiSUB 200211 has left the conference
           *           *           *           *           *
  `Gulp.  Crikey.' muttered Tsiry-Feylen.
  After the ships' first shift from physical-space to probable-space
and back, Kelanie and Marek had found some thick padded mats in a
hold of the ship and were lying on them, in the ward-room, after an
unsuccessful attempt at making love on the curved floor of the
berths.
  `If we're going to put together a bed, it might as well be in the
ward-room,' Kelanie said.  Marek hesitated; (despite being brought up
on Millimillenary, he was not comfortable with the idea of appearing
naked before xenoforms, even Tsiry-Feylen); but only for a moment.
  The ship's communication channels hissed faintly, the sound broken
by the occasional beep to indicate that the ship had passed out of
the effective range of one gravitic beacon and into another.  Twice,
a voice on the channels had spoken, in NoSan'No'Os Tertiary; Marek
translated.
  `They're asking us if we need assistance.  They've assumed that the
Bythians killed us.'
  `Meaning that they can't accept the possibility that we killed the
Bythians?'  Marek nodded.  `They're more hide-bound than I thought.
How they've kept hold of control for this long is a mystery to me.'
Tsiry-Feylen entered, still wearing her battle suit, docilely
followed by Kayren.  She replied to Kelanie's musings:
  `It's because the situation is being handled locally, so far.  As
soon as it is referred up to a Parkry that doesn't mind admitting
that it has no idea of what to do next, then it will become a matter
for the Millimillenarian NapaiSUB and the Bythians.  That's when we
may be in trouble.'  Tsiry-Feylen stalked over to the control board,
poked fingers into a group of control-spaces, deactivating video
screens, muting the hissing of the communication channels.  She
continued;  `We have to announce a slight change of plans, children.'
Kelanie retorted,
  `Would you _please_ stop calling us that?'  Still working at the
ranked banks of control columns, Tsiry-Feylen waved the camera-booms
of her suit in a manner reminiscent of the pattern used, by the
insectoid Kaelen, to indicate amusement.
  `If you wish.  As we were saying: we will stop over at the asteroid
base to visit my sister before we make for Earth.  The situation has
changed slightly.'  Marek left off kissing Kelanie's neck to ask,
  `When will you tell us exactly what's going on?  What we will do
when we reach Earth?'  Tsiry-Feylen sat her suit down, the legs
folding up underneath like a cat's.
  `If we told you everything, if we gave you the statistics that
govern our movements against the NoSan'No'Os, you would both probably
walk out of the airlock without your suits.  Be content with knowing
that you will both, most likely, be able to live out your allotted
lifetimes.  Which is more than can be said for the rest of humanity.'
Kelanie lay back on the pile of matting, staring at the ceiling of
the ward-room, and said,
  `I've been meaning to ask you about that, Robyn.'  In her suit,
Tsiry-Feylen smiled, baring her needle teeth.  `If we are stopping
over on Earth, how much of a risk would it be to let a few of our
most trusted friends know what's going to happen, and invite them
onboard?  There's room on this ship for at least a hundred people.'
Abruptly, Tsiry-Feylen's suit cracked down the middle and opened like
the two halves of a hotdog bun.  She stepped out, blinking in the
watery yellow sodium light, and shook her legs in pairs.
  `We have no objection to that... if you would like to prepare some
text mail messages - we can't risk video, because even humans can tap
into that - we will send them through a secure channel, after making
sure that the NoSan'No'Os monitors in the mail network can't pick up
on what we are doing by reading them.'  Kelanie was surprised.
  `Do you mean to say that the NoSan'No'Os manage to read ALL the
mail?' Tsiry-Feylen grinned, exposing a frightening array of dental
work.
  `That's why they have a machine monitoring it.  If it wasn't for
the organisational skills of the NoSan'No'Os Artificial intelligence
and the diligence of its sub-units, the Dominion would have collapsed
long ago.'
  `How many people can we rescue?'  Tsiry-Feylen spread her six-
fingered hands in a gesture of apology.
  `Limit it to six or less.  We have already allocated the rest of
the space for cargo; there is a lot of equipment that we have to get
off Earth before Threat Termination blow it.'  Marek glanced at
Kelanie, and then said slowly,
  `That isn't going to happen for six months, though, isn't it?'
Tsiry-Feylen spun about nimbly on her six legs, gestured to the
Pthalklin Ervae and left without answering, followed by Kayren.
Marek and Kelanie glanced worriedly at each other.
  Some twenty hours later, when Kelanie and Marek had decided to give
the spherical sleeping-berths a second chance, Tsiry-Feylen raced
past in her battle-armour, shouting to them;
  `Suit up.  We have company.'  They disentangled themselves and
scrambled for the suits that were kneeling, opened like clam- shells,
in a corner of the ward-room.  Over the suit radios, Tsiry-Feylen
brought them up to date.
  `The ship reentered physical-space just inside the asteroid belt as
expected; what we didn't count on was the entire belt being thick
with Bythian scouts.  We understand that they are still preparing the
assault on Earth.  There's a scout approaching, crew of four,
informing us that it is about to dock.  We haven't responded yet.
Come down to the lower fore airlock.'
