"Oh, Ricky! We could do it! I know we could do it! If only we had
a time machine!"
     The psychiatrist smiled. "Vell, as a matter of fact, I chust
happen to have one right here..." He gestured towards a door that
Ernie had assumed was a closet.
     Ernie was, once again, suspicious. "What would a psychiatrist
be doing with a time machine?" he wanted to know.
     "Oh, it is chust ze thing for ze childhood trauma," the doctor
explained. "You go back in time, prevent ze traumatic incident, und
ze patient is cured!"
     Ernie had to admit that this did, in fact, sound reasonable.
     The psychiatrist peered intently at Ernie. "Vhen did you first
notice dat you felt suspicious of everyone?"
     Ernie was somewhat taken aback by this sudden change in
questioning. "Um, actually," he though about it. "It started when
I first went into the Virtual Arcade..."
     "Bye, guys!" Lucy interrupted. She and Ricky were standing at
the door of the closet, or time machine, or whatever it was. "We're
going into the past now, so we probably won't be seeing you
anymore!"
     "Take it easy!" cried the Fly cheerfully. He was relieved that
Lucy had stopped crying.
     "Um..." A thought occurred to Ernie. "Does that mean that
you're not going to needing my brain, after all?"
     Lucy's brow furled thoughtfully. She looked at Ricky. He
shrugged. "No, I guess you might as well just keep it." Ernie
sighed in relief. Lucy continued, "If it turns out we need it after
all, we'll get back to you, okay?"
     "Uh, yeah..." Ernie fidgeted uncomfortably. He had hoped that
the problem would go away completely, but that seemed to be too
much to expect. At least he didn't have to worry about it right
now!
     Lucy opened the door to the time machine. She waved at the
foursome. "See you...uh...later? Uh, earlier?" She looked confused.
She turned to Ricky. "Bye!" he said, and ushered Lucy into the
machine. The door closed behind them.
     Captain Memory yawned. He was finding this all rather boring.
"I wonder what's on TV?" he mused, pulling out the TV guide. A look
of concern came over his face.
     Ernie noticed this. "What's the matter?"
     "It's the programs," the Captain said, looking distressed.
"They've, um, changed!"
     "Changed?" Ernie was uncomprehending. "Changed how?"
     "Well, for instance," the Captain explained. "Instead of `I
Love Lucy', there's now `I Wanna Donna', starring Donna the Iguana,
and her husband Ricky the Reptile. In fact," Captain Memory flipped
through the pages quickly. "They all seem to be Reptile shows!"
     Ernie buried his face in his hands. "Oh, no! Now, instead of
them having to watch our shows, we have to watch THEIR shows!"
     Cm continued calmly perusing the TV Guide. "Aside from that,
they're pretty much the same. The plots seem to be about the same."
He chuckled. "Oh, look! Here's the episode where Ricky Jr.
hatches!"
     Sterno seemed lost in thought. "That reptile lady's name
wasn't really Lucy, was it?" he asked the psychiatrist. 
     "Oh, no," agreed the doctor. "Dat's only her stage name!"
     Sterno's eyes narrowed. "Her real name wouldn't, by any
chance, happen to be...." He paused for effect. "...DONNA, would
it?" He watched the psychiatrist closely.
     The doctor fidgeted uncomfortably. "Uh, I'm, um, not allowed
to divulge personal information about...."
     Sterno cut him off. "Just as we thought!"  Sterno puffed his
cigar contemplatively. "You know, some people will do anything to
get into show biz!"
     The Fly's antennae waved worriedly. "I don't know if I'm going
to like watching Reptile shows all the time!"
     The psychiatrist regained his composure. "Vith every
successful therapy, there is always a period of readjustment for ze
family. In time, you vill learn to deal vith dis new situation."
     He turned to Captain Memory. "Und you must be ze one vis ze
amnesia problem!"
     The Captain looked up. "Who, me?"
     "Dat's right!" the psychiatrist looked at him intently. "You
have ze amnesia, ja?"
     Captain Memory looked confused. "Not that I recall!"
     "Chust as ve thought!" the doctor said triumphantly,
scribbling furiously on his notepad.
     All of this was making Ernie very uncomfortable. "Hey guys,"
he whispered to the others. "I think maybe we ought to get going!"
     "What IS your problem?" said Sterno loudly.
     "Um, uh..." Everyone was looking at Ernie. He didn't know what
to say.
     The Fly looked puzzled. "Is something the matter?"
     "Oh, don't pay any attention to him," scoffed Sterno,
gesturing in Ernie's direction. "He's just paranoid!"
     "I am not!" said Ernie defensively.
     The Fly seemed confused. "Paranoids never admit they're
paranoid," explained Sterno.
     "Please, please, gentlemen," the psychiatrist broke in. "Ve
must return to ze topic. Everyone vill get his turn to speak." He
tuned to Ernie reassuringly. "Ve must not allow our paranoia to
carry us away, ja?" He smiled. It seemed to Ernie that the smile
wasn't very friendly. But then, he thought, that's what a paranoid
would think! Could it be that the doctor was right, and that he,
Ernie, had become paranoid? Ernie didn't know what to think any
more!
     "Zo," the doctor turned again to Captain Memory. "You vere
telling us about your computer hacking activities, ja?"
     "I was?" The Captain looked puzzled. "I don't recall that!"
Ernie's eyes narrowed. He didn't recall that, either!
     "Ja, ja," the psychiatrist said reassuringly. "Amnesia is a
terrible thing! Ve must begin your therapy right avay!" He pulled
out a gold pocket watch on the end of a long chain, and began
swinging it slowly back and forth in front of Captain Memory.
"Vatch de vatch," he whispered to the Captain. "Now, go back,
back....Vhat do you remember?"
     Captain Memory seemed to be completely hypnotized.
"It's...it's so confusing! Images, numbers, it's space...yes,
Cyberspace! And it's all filled with strange images! Games,
pictures, old movies and TV shows! They're all coming at me! All at
the same time! They're filling my head! They're taking over my
brain!!" The Captain was becoming very agitated.
     "Relax, calm yourself," the psychiatrist whispered. The
Captain seemed calmer now. "Go back, further back. Vhat do you
see?"
     The Captain seemed to be in a daze. "Pyramids...Pharaohs..."
     "No, no," the psychiatrist protested. "Not THAT far back!"
     "I knew it!" Ernie broke in. "Ancient Egypt!"
     "Please!" the doctor snapped, glaring at Ernie. "Do not
interrupt! Your time.... vill come!" He smiled evilly. Or, on the
other hand, perhaps Ernie only imagined that he smiled evilly?
Maybe he was really trying to help, and Ernie's paranoia was making
him imagine something else? Ernie just didn't know anymore!
     "I remember... breaking out of an egg..." The Fly was talking
now. He, too, seemed to be in a daze. 
     Oh, wow! thought Ernie. The Fly must have been watching while
the doctor hypnotized Captain Memory! Now he's hypnotized, too!
     The psychiatrist glared at the Fly. "Quiet, please!"
     The Fly paid no attention. He kept on talking. "A larva!
That's it! I'm a larva..."
     The doctor attempted to coax more from Captain Memory. "Now,
go back..." 
     The Fly broke in again. "I'm a larva, and I'm on a nice, warm
pile of garbage! Yes..."
     The psychiatrist cursed under his breath. He turned to the
Fly. "Wake up!" He snapped his fingers in front of the Fly's face.
     Both the Fly and Captain Memory awoke instantly. The Fly put
his hands up to his head. "Oh wow!" he said uncertainly. "I must
have dozed off!"
     Captain Memory yawned. "That's funny! So did I! And I've been
having the strangest dreams!"
     The doctor turned to Captain Memory with keen interest. "Zo,
tell me about zese dreams!"
     Captain Memory scratched his head. "Well, I was in Ancient
Egypt, and I...." He trailed off.
     "Please, go on!" the psychiatrist urged.
     The Captain looked confused. "That's all I can remember!"
     The doctor cursed again. He suddenly became aware that Ernie
was watching him. He cleared his throat, and regained his
composure.
     "Zo," he began. "Now, ve give ze other patients a turn."
     The doctor turned to one of the patients that had been in the
room when the foursome arrived: the depressed-looking man who kept
wringing his hands. "Why don't you tell us your name, and vhat has
brought you to see us today?"
     The other patient looked somehow familiar to Ernie. "Vell,
doctor, my name is Holger Horses. Und mein problem, vell, it's mein
job!" He continued to look steadfastly at the floor, never once
looking up at the others around him.
     Ernie thought it was very odd that this patient, too, had a
German accent. But then, on the other hand, perhaps he was just
being paranoid.
     The patient went on. "Mein boss, he is so...demanding. If I
make even one liddle mistake, he hits me vith his riding crop! Und
if I don't make any mistake, he hits me anyway!" He sniffled. He
seemed about to cry. "It makes me feel so....inadequate!"
     "There, there," said the doctor commiseratingly, handing the
man a handkerchief.
     The man blew his nose noisily. "I mean, it's not mein fault
dat they keep getting avay! Ve lock them up good! But somehow, dey
get out, and I get blamed!" He sniffled. "Vhy do dey keep doing dis
to me? All ve vant to do is torture dem a liddle!"
     "Oh, ja, ja," the psychiatrist said compassionately. "Ze
vorkplace is so demanding dese days! I understand exactly how you
feel!"
     "Do you, doctor?" The man looked up hopefully, pleadingly, at
the psychiatrist. "Does dat mean you von't hit me vith the riding
crop any more?"
     "Dummkopf!" the psychiatrist hissed. The man caught his breath
suddenly, and looked quickly back down at the floor. He began to
moan quietly again.
     The doctor laughed nervously. "Vell, uh, perhaps ve had best
go on to ze next patient!" He turned to the other man, the one who
continuously lit matches. "Und your name, sir?"
     "Vell, Herr Doktor, mein name ist Horst Manure," the man
continued to light matches as he talked.
     It seemed very odd to Ernie that this patient, too, spoke with
a German accent. 
     "I zee," said the psychiatrist. "Und vhen did you first notice
zis fascination vith...fire?"
     The patient giggled. "Vell, it shtarted vhen Rome burned.
Flames, everywhere. The whole city in flames. People running,
screaming. It was chust...SO much fun!" He stared fixedly as the
match slowly burned down to his fingertips. 
     Ernie couldn't help interrupting. "Wait a minute! How could
you be old enough to be in Rome when it burned?"
     The patient looked taken aback. He looked quickly at the
doctor. The doctor seemed very uncomfortable. "Uh, um...ze time
machine! Oh yes, he use ze time machine!"
     "What's he doing with a time machine, anyway?" Ernie demanded.
     The psychiatrist quickly regained his poise. He peered at
Ernie. "Zo, do you haff zese attacks of paranoia often?"
     Ernie was caught off guard. "Um...uh...yes! Uh, I mean, NO!"
He was becoming very confused.
     The psychiatrist nodded knowingly. "I zee!"
     Ernie pouted. "I think there's something pretty suspicious
about this whole business!"
     "Of course you do," Sterno puffed contentedly on his cigar.
"You're paranoid!"
     "No, I'm...." Ernie began.
     Sterno continued, cutting Ernie off. "You know, I've always
suspected as much. But, now that we have the doctor's diagnosis, we
know for sure!"
     Something occurred to Ernie. "You `suspected' as much?"
     "Yes, all along," Sterno maintained smugly.
     "Well, if you're `suspecting' things, than maybe YOU'RE the
paranoid!" Ernie cried out triumphantly.
     Sterno harrumphed. "I don't think that's..."
     The Fly cut him off. "Oh, I get it, it's a game, right?" His
antennae waved excitedly. "It's `Find the Paranoid', right?" He
began bouncing up and down in his seat. "I know! I know!" He waved
his hands in the air excitedly, making incomprehensible gestures.
"First syllable....sounds like...!"
     "SHTOP DIS!" the psychiatrist screamed angrily. From out of
nowhere, a riding crop had appeared in his hand. He was about to
lash out at the patient nearest him, when he noticed that everyone
was looking at him.
     He stopped, and laughed weakly. He quickly tossed the riding
crop under a chair, and tried to regain his composure. "Zo, uh,
where vere ve?"
     Ernie's eyes narrowed accusingly. "You had a riding crop!"
     The Fly bounced up and down excitedly. "Oh, wow! He had a
riding crop! He's not supposed to have that!" He pointed an
accusing finger at the psychiatrist. "Personal foul! Lose 10 yards!
Do not pass `Go', do NOT collect $200!" He folded his arms
triumphantly.
     The doctor smiled weakly. "Uh, I can explain..."
     "I bid twenty," the Fly interrupted. "Three strikes and you're
out!"
     Ernie noticed a framed diploma hanging on the wall behind him.
He turned to read it. He looked at the diploma, and then at the
doctor, and then at the diploma again. "Hey, guys!" he called out
to the others excitedly. "Do you know who this `doctor' is? He's
Dr. Heinz von Lie...."
     "ENOUGH!" The psychiatrist slammed a riding crop against the
seat of an empty chair, commanding everyone's attention. Ernie that
the first riding crop was still under an empty chair, where the
doctor had thrown it. He appeared to have an endless supply of
them.
     "All right!" He took off the thin, pince-nez glasses he had
been wearing, tossed them aside, and replaced them with a monocle.
"Zo, you haff discovered my true identity, eh?" He laughed evilly.
Ernie was pretty sure that the doctor really was laughing evilly;
that he wasn't just imagining it. "It does not matter," von
Liederkranz continued. "The interrogation will proceed!"
     The Fly was confused. "Interrogation? I thought it was
therapy?"
     "Interrogation, therapy, what difference does it make?" the
Nazi answered. "It's all ze same thing!"
     Ernie pointed indignantly at Sterno. "See?! And you thought I
was paranoid! You were wrong!"
     "I was not!" Sterno declared defensively. "I still think
you're paranoid!"
     "But..." Ernie was totally taken aback.
     "Just because he's really a Nazi doesn't mean you're not
paranoid," Sterno continued self-importantly. "Even paranoids have
enemies!"
     Ernie could only sputter with indignation.
     The Fly looked at the Nazi accusingly. "You said you were a
psychiatrist! We trusted you!"
     "Ach, but I am!"
     "Huh?" The Fly was confused.
     The Nazi explained. "I told you, I am Sturmbannfuhrer Doktor
Heinz von Liederkranz! Und, vot kind of doctor did you tink I vas?"
     Sterno puffed thoughtfully on his cigar. "That DOES make
sense," he admitted. "After all, if a Nazi torturer were going to
be a doctor, then a psychiatrist would be the one to be!"
     "Precisely," von Liederkranz agreed.
     The Fly's antennae waved agitatedly. "You're not going to
torture us, are you?"
     "Oh, no!" laughed von Liederkranz. "Ve don't do dat anymore!
Dat's barbaric!" The Fly sighed with relief.
     "Now ve have psychiatry!" the Nazi smiled evilly. "It's MUCH
worse!"
     Ernie began edging slowly towards the door.
     "Don't bother!" the psychiatrist called out. "It's locked!" 
     Ernie lunged for the door anyway. No-one made a move to stop
him. The door was solid steel, and securely locked. Ernie glumly
returned to his seat.
     Von Liederkranz turned to Captain Memory. The Captain hadn't
been paying much attention to the proceedings. He was still
engrossed in the TV Guide. He appeared to be diligently searching
for something to watch other than Reptile shows.
     The Nazi smiled malevolently. "Zo, you didn't like ze Hot
Vhirling Corkscrew, eh?"
     Captain Memory looked up annoyedly. "Not THAT again!"
     Von Liederkranz laughed diabolically. "Oh no, of COURSE not!
Ve have something, heh, heh, MUCH vorse!" He peered closely at the
Captain. "Your mother never liked you!" he announced.
     Captain Memory's eyes went wide with shock. "Aaugghh!" he
screamed, burying his head in his arms.
     The Nazi chuckled sadistically. "I told you, psychiatry is
MUCH vorse! Und much more effective!" Ernie noticed that the Nazi
had discarded his cigar, and was now holding a cigarette in a long
holder. "Now, vill you tell us how you gain access to the system?"
     Poor Captain Memory could only whimper.
     Von Liederkranz didn't seem to mind that the Captain refused
to talk. It gave him more opportunity to practice his sadistic
psychiatry. "Very vell," he smirked. "You asked for it!" He peered
intently at the Captain, choosing his words carefully. "You're
totally inadequate!"
     "NO!" screamed Captain Memory, curling himself up into a tight
ball.
     "Heh, heh!" the Nazi chuckled. He looked closely at Captain
Memory, preparing his next shot. "You're..."
     The Captain couldn't take any more. "Uh, 007C D0 C8!" he
cried.
     Suddenly, the scene vanished. Ernie staggered with vertigo,
and sat down heavily on the ground. His eyes stung as a gust of
wind blew sand in his face. His head swam, and he felt nauseous. He
closed his eyes tightly, and put a hand over his stomach. "I think
I'm getting the flu," he moaned. 
     After a few moments, he opened his eyes, carefully wiping the
sand out of them. At first, all he could see was sand. Then he
looked up, and saw... "The Pyramids!" Ernie breathed, in awe.
     
                           CHAPTER 10
     Ernie looked around. The Fly was sitting in the sand,
attempting to make sand castles. Sterno was prowling around the
sand, obviously looking for something. Captain Memory was still
curled up in a ball.
     Ernie struggled to his feet, and attempted to brush some of
the sand off himself. He walked over to where the Captain lay, and
tapped him on the shoulder. "You can come out now. He's gone!"
     Captain Memory peeked out tentatively. He breathed a sigh of
relief, and uncurled, sitting up in the sand. "Whew! I'm glad
that's over! That was awful!"
     The Fly peered at Captain Memory curiously. "That stuff he was
saying, was it true? I mean, like, about your mother and
everything?"
     The Captain looked puzzled. "Um, actually, I can't quite
recall. But if it had been, it would have been pretty awful,
wouldn't it?"
     "Wow," said the Fly in agreement. He thought a moment. "And
what about that stuff about being totally inad..."
     "I don't want to talk about it!" The Captain cut him off
irritatedly.
     Ernie looked up, and once again beheld the majesty of the
Pyramids in the distance. They looked a lot newer than he
remembered them. "Wow!" he breathed. "We must be in Ancient Egypt,
right?"
     Captain Memory looked perplexed. "Um, well, I could be wrong,
but I think we're on a beach in New Jersey!"
     "Ah, well," Sterno chimed in, still sifting through the sand.
"That explains all these cigarette butts and ring-pull tabs."
     Ernie stared at him. "What are you doing?"
     "I seem to have dropped my lighter," Sterno explained. "You
haven't seen it, have you?"
     Ernie looked around. "Afraid not."
     "It's so difficult to find anything in this shifting sand!"
Sterno stopped, and picked up something. "Here's a penny."
     "Oh, yeah?" This might be a clue to they're location, Ernie
thought. "What kind is it? A Lincoln?"
     Sterno turned the penny over. "No, a Cadillac."
     Ernie scratched his head. "Well, that's close, I guess. What's
the date one it?"
     Sterno examined it closely. "2,500 B.C."
     Ernie's face lit up. "Oh, that explains why the Pyramids look
new!" He frowned. "But, what are the Pyramids doing on a beach in
New Jersey?"
     "I've got it!" Sterno cried. 
     "You do?" asked Ernie in amazement. "Great! What..." He
stopped.
     Sterno was holding a small object triumphantly aloft. "I've
found it! I..." He stopped. "Wait a minute! This isn't my lighter!
It's just an old BIC!" He flicked it. A small flame appeared. "Oh
well," he sighed. "I suppose it'll have to do." He placed it in his
invisible pocket.
     Ernie looked at the Pyramids again. "Uh, anyway, as I was
saying..."
     Captain Memory sighed loudly.
     "What's the matter?" the Fly wanted to know.
     Captain Memory shook his head sadly. "It's a real bad sign
when you get Pyramids showing up on a beach in New Jersey."
     "Bad sign?" The Fly's antennae waved nervously.
     Captain Memory sighed. "Yeah. It means that the fabric of
Cyberspace is coming apart. We're getting really close to that
final, total sys..."
     "Don't say it!" Ernie pleaded.
     "..tem.." Captain Memory continued.
     "Please!" Ernie begged.
     The Captain stopped. "Why not?"
     Ernie moaned. "It makes my stomach hurt!"
     Captain Memory just shrugged. 
     Ernie moaned again.
     "Hey, guy," the Fly chimed in. He took a small package out of
one of his suit pockets and handed it to Ernie. "Here's what you
need. Have some Rolaids!"
     "Oh. Thanks." Ernie tried a few. Actually, they did seem to
help. Well, maybe a total system failure wasn't that bad, after
all.
     "So, what do you wanna do now, guys?" the Fly piped up
brightly.
     "Beats me," answered Captain Memory.
     "Haven't the foggiest!" replied Sterno absently. He was
engrossed in trying to light a cigar using the tiny flame from the
old BIC.
     Ernie looked around. "I dunno. What do you wanna do?"
     "Wanna go see an ancient, undiscovered, tomb? That sounds like
fun, huh?" The Fly's antennae waved expectantly.
     "Oh, let's!" answered Sterno brightly. He was in a much better
mood, now that he'd gotten his cigar going.
     Ernie frowned. "How do you know where to find an ancient,
undiscovered tomb?"
     "Simple," the Fly replied cheerfully. "Just follow the signs!"
He pointed to an object in the distance.
     Ernie peered in the direction the Fly was pointing. Sure
enough, he could just barely make out a sign, which said `THIS WAY
TO THE ANCIENT, UNDISCOVERED TOMB', with an arrow pointing the way.
     "Well..." Ernie wasn't sure this was going to be such a good
idea.
     "Aw, come on, guys!" the Fly enthused. "It'll be fun!"
     "Well..." Ernie was unconvinced.
     "Do you have something better to do?" Sterno demanded.
     "Well..." Ernie hesitated.
     "That's settled then!" Sterno stated with finality. He glared
at Ernie. "And I DO wish you wouldn't keep repeating yourself all
the time!"
     "Well..." Ernie began.
     "PLEASE!" Sterno cut him off. Ernie decided to just be quiet.
     The foursome trudged through the dry sand. Luckily the sun,
though bright, was not very hot. Ernie hoped they didn't have far
to go. Trying to walk through the shifting, blowing sand was very
tiring. The approached the sign.
     The sign seemed to be pointing to something behind one of the
Pyramids. As they rounded the corner, they became able to see what
it was.
     "Wow!" breathed Ernie in awe. A fabulous Egyptian temple stood
in front of them. Crumbling columns towered 200 feet into the sky,
supporting a sandstone roof that had collapsed at various points.
In the center of the temple stood a large stone structure with no
windows, and only one door, which was closed.
     After a few moments, Ernie noticed that there was a small,
brightly-colored wooden building standing in front of the temple.
A sign on the little building said `SEE THE ANCIENT, UNDISCOVERED
TOMB! Admission: $2.00.'
     Inside the small building was a portly, middle-aged man
wearing a bright plaid suit and a straw hat, and smoking a cigar.
"Step right up, gentlemen!" he cried to them. "Yer just in time!"
     "Oh, wow!" said the Fly, obviously excited. "We wanna see the
tomb!"
     "Of course you do, sonny," said the man, flicking the ash of
his cigar. "Everybody wants to see the tomb! Let's see, there's
four at two dollars each..." He looked the group over. "I'll tell
you what I'm gonna do. Because I like yer, uh..." He looked at the
Fly with puzzlement. "...face, I'm gonna give you a special price.
Only $10 for all of ya!"
     "Gee, thanks!" said the Fly enthusiastically. Ernie opened his
mouth to speak.
     "Hey, that's okay, guys," the Fly cut him off. "It's on me!"
He handed the ticket-seller a $10 bill. 
     "Step right on in, gentlemen!" The ticket-seller gestured
towards the door of the tomb.
     As they approached, Ernie examined the hieroglyphics on the
walls of the temple. Suddenly, one caught his eye. "Look!" He
pointed it out. "It's the RCA dog! And the phonograph! This must
be..."
     "Oh, your not going to start that `Dead Sea Phonograph
Records' business again, are you?" Sterno said irritatedly.
     "Well..." Ernie began.
     "Will you PLEASE stop saying that!" Sterno cried in
exasperation. Ernie shut up.
     The interior of the building did, in fact, look like an
ancient, undiscovered tomb. Mummy cases lined the walls. Strange
carved containers, some shaped like animals, lay on all sides.
Drifting sand lay piled up against everything. 
     "Wow!" The Fly was amazed. "An ancient, undiscovered tomb! I
bet we're the first people to be in here in a zillion years!"
     An ancient wooden cabinet caught Ernie's attention. The figure
of the RCA dog was carved into it. Ernie opened it gingerly. "Aha!"
he cried. "Look!"
     Inside, sure enough, was an ancient, acoustic Victrola-type
record player. Lined up neatly in slots were dozens of flat black
disks that could only be 78 rpm records. "See?" proclaimed Ernie.
"I told you so! It's the Dead Sea Phonograph Records!"
     "Cool!" enthused the Fly. "Play it!"
     Ernie was taken aback. This could be the greatest find of all
time! It could change the world; completely alter Life As We Know
It. He had to be very careful. One mistake might ruin the whole
thing. If he made the wrong move, the greatest discovery in history
might be lost forever - and it would be all his fault!  "Um, play
it?" Ernie hesitated uncomfortably. "Um, I'm not sure..."
     "Play it!" demanded Sterno irritably. "You've been going on
and on about this for...for..." Sterno thought a moment. "Actually,
for BILLIONS of years, now, and we're all just about sick of it!
All right, here it is! Now, play it, already!"
     Ernie looked over the machine warily. "Um, I'm not exactly
sure how to work it." He tugged at one of the 78 rpm records. It
refused to come out of it's slot.
     Sterno sighed in exasperation. "It's simple enough! Look!" He
pointed to a corroded metal strip on the bottom part of the
machine. There were a number of buttons on it, and a slot. Next to
the slot Ernie could just barely make out the words "Insert Coin."
      Ernie searched through his pockets. "Um..."
     "Oh, all right!" Sterno snapped annoyedly. "Here!" He handed
Ernie the Cadillac penny.
     "Um, thanks." Ernie dropped the coin into the slot. For a
moment, nothing happened. Then, slowly, the ancient machine began
to creak into action. A small, dim, light appeared behind a little
square next to the slot. Brushing away the dust, Ernie could just
barely make out the words `Make Selection'.
     "Oh, wow," said Ernie. Next to each button was a small
rectangle, which was obviously supposed to contain the name of the
song. Unfortunately, most of them were so covered by dirt and
corrosion that Ernie couldn't read them.
     "Um, which one should I pick?" he asked in confusion.
     "Who cares?" barked Sterno in exasperation. "Just pick
SOMETHING!"
     Ernie peered at the selections. He was desperately afraid of
making the wrong choice. This might be his only chance to learn the
Secret of the Universe, or something like that. He had to make the
right selection! Suddenly, he saw something he recognized. "Hey,
look at this!" He pointed at one of the selections. "It's Sam the
Sham and the PHARAOHS! See, I told you..."
     "Play it!" Cried the Fly enthusiastically.
     "Play it!" snapped Sterno annoyedly.
     "But...but..." Ernie peered at it more closely. "The song is
`Walk Like a Man!' I don't think Sam the Sham ever did that song!"
     "PLAY IT!" shrieked Sterno, his patience gone.
     Ernie frowned. He looked at Captain Memory. The Captain just
shrugged. "Well..." Ernie said hesitantly. "...okay." He pushed the
button.
     The ancient machine slowly creaked into action. A 78 rpm
record dropped on to the platter, and the device began to play.
     Within the first few notes, Ernie knew something had gone
terribly wrong. The music was growing louder with every second,
much louder than an old Victrola could ever have made it; in fact,
painfully loud. "This isn't `Walk Like A Man'!" Ernie cried. A
terrible realization hit him. If you took `Walk Like A Man', and
crossed it with Sam the Sham and the Pharaohs, you'd get..."
Suddenly, it was all too clear. He recognized the music plainly
now. "Oh, no!" Ernie wailed. "It's `Walk Like an Egyptian!'"
     "What?!" yelled Captain Memory. The music was too loud,
drowning out their words. He looked at the others. He could see
their mouths moving, but he couldn't hear a word they were saying.
The music was too loud, drowning out everything.
     The music grew louder with every passing second. The pain
began to build in Ernie's head. He tried to cover his ears with his
hands, but found it very difficult to do while holding the coffee
maker. It didn't help, anyway. The music was so loud that it
vibrated through his hand, through his head. The whole temple was
vibrating!
     Ernie looked at Captain Memory. "Do something!" he shouted.
The Captain shrugged and pointed to his ears, obviously meaning `I
can't hear a word you're saying.'"
     Ernie looked at Sterno and the Fly. They had their hands over
their ears, their eyes clenched tight in pain. Sterno especially
seemed to be suffering, his keen dog hearing more affected by the
sound than the others. 
     Ernie was miserable. Not only was he in pain from the terribly
loud music, but his very best idea ever, to go find the Dead Sea
Phonograph Records, had turned into a disaster. The music grew ever
louder. Ernie knew that excessive sound levels can be fatal. They
were all going to be killed by `Walk Like an Egyptian' played at a
million decibels - and he didn't even like that song!
     Ernie tried to hold his hands more tightly over his ears. If
only the coffee maker wasn't in his way....Suddenly, it hit him!
The coffee maker! He set the selector to `Destroy', aimed it at the
ancient Victrola, and flipped the strength lever to `Full'.
     Suddenly, the Victrola vanished - along with the cabinet, the
wall of the tomb, half the temple, and just about everything else
Ernie could see. In fact, Ernie now seemed to be standing at the
edge of a huge chasm. It was so broad that Ernie couldn't see the
other side; so deep that he couldn't see the bottom.
     Ernie felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned. The Fly was
pointing at the opposite wall of the tomb, and saying something,
but Ernie couldn't make out what. Although the music had stopped
when the Victrola was destroyed, Ernie's ears were still ringing so
badly that he couldn't hear a thing. 
     Looking at the wall, Ernie guessed what the problem was.
Without the other side of the tomb to hold it up, the huge stone
wall was swaying. It looked as though it might crush them at any
moment.
     Without thinking, Ernie aimed the coffee maker at the wall,
and flipped on the power switch. This time, his ears were just
barely recovered enough to hear the tremendous roar as the Psion
Megaforce Generator destroyed the other wall, and everything else,
for as far as the eye could see.
     As the dust cleared, Ernie could see that where the opposite
wall had been, there was now what seemed to be a bottomless,
measureless chasm. On that side, too, there was a steep drop, as
though they were standing on the edge of an infinitely tall cliff.
All that remained was the 8-foot by 10 foot patch of sand and rock
which had been the inside of the tomb, where they now stood. 
Looking around, all that Ernie could see was the little piece of
land that they were now standing on, and the sky. Everything else
appeared to have been disintegrated.
     As the ringing in Ernie's ears slowly subsided, he began to
hear Captain Memory saying something.
     "Wow!" The Captain was peeking over the edge of the precipice.
"That Psion Megaforce Generator sure is powerful!"
     Ernie carefully peered over the brink. He tried to see the
bottom of the crater, but he couldn't see a thing. No, wait a
minute. He did see something; he saw....stars? How could there be
stars at the bottom of a hole?
     The Fly peeked over the edge as well. "Whew! That's some big
hole you blew there, buddy!"
     Ernie continued to peer into the hole, trying to make some
sense out of what he saw. He turned to Captain Memory. "Um, how far
down does that hole go, anyway?"
     The Captain shook his head sadly. "All the way!" 
     "Huh?" Ernie was uncomprehending. "All the way to where,
China?"
     Captain Memory continued to peer downward. "Further than that!
From the look of it, I'd say just about all the way to Mars!" The
Captain shook his head sadly. "You know, you really should read the
directions to those things before you use them!"
     Ernie looked at the coffee maker in dismay. He placed the it
carefully in the sand, and gingerly edged away from it.     
     "Hey, this is really cool!" the Fly continued to look over the
rim. "I can see stars looking down," he looked up, "AND looking
up!" He peered over the opposite edge. "Hey, there's stars on all
sides! Neat! How did you do that?"
     Sterno stared at Ernie, his eyes widening in horror. "You
didn't!"
     Captain Memory shook his head sorrowfully. "He did!"
     "What?" demanded Ernie. "What did I do?"
     Sterno seemed to be in a state of shock. "You mean, that one
little device could..."
     Captain Memory nodded dismally. "I'm afraid so!"
     "WHAT?" Ernie was becoming very agitated.
     Sterno glared balefully at Ernie. "How could you DO such a
thing?!"
     "Will somebody please tell me what I did?!" Ernie wailed.
     Captain Memory sighed. "Well, let me put it to you this way.
You see this little patch of ground we're standing on? That's all
that's left!"
     "All that's left of what?" Ernie wasn't following this at all.
     "Of the planet Earth!" the Captain declared morosely.
     "WHAT!?" Ernie was horrified.
     Captain Memory shook his head dejectedly. "I'm afraid you blew
just about the entire planet away! Everything except the little
patch we're standing on!" He peeked over the edge. "Looks like you
nailed the moon, too." 
     "But...But..." Ernie protested weakly. "How could that
HAPPEN!?"
     The Captain sighed. "I told you that thing was powerful!" He
continued peering over the edge. Something caught his eye. He
brightened. "Ah, good! That's a relief!"
     "What?!" Ernie was desperate for any good news.
     Captain Memory smiled. "You'll be glad to know that Mars is
fine! The blast didn't even touch it!" He peered more closely. "It
might be a little off it's orbit, but aside from that it's
perfectly okay!"
     Ernie moaned. 
     Suddenly, Captain Memory straightened up. He began looking in
all directions, a look of consternation on his face. "Something's
happening!"
     Sterno glared at Ernie. "This is all your fault!"
     The Fly put his hands up to his head. "Oh, wow! My head!
It's...What's happening to me?"
     Ernie's jaw dropped in amazement. The Fly's head was beginning
to...change. As the others watched in astonishment, the Fly's head
shimmered, disappeared, and was replaced by the perfectly normal-
looking head of a man in his mid 30's.
     "Whoo!" complained the Fly. "I feel really weird!" He
squinted. "There's something wrong with my eyes! I can't see too
good anymore!" 
     "You're....you're normal!" Ernie gasped in astonishment.
     The Fly put his hands up to his head, feeling out it's shape.
"Oh, wow! It's my old head! I got it back!"
     Ernie turned to Captain Memory is helpless astonishment.
"What's happening!?"     
     Captain Memory, too, looked amazed. "It's the game! We've
ended the game!"
     "Of course!" Sterno caught his drift immediately. "By
destroying most of the world, you've brought the game to an end!
There's not enough of the planet left to play with!"
     "Right!" Captain Memory beamed. "And you've done it within the
logical confines of the program! Using materials found within the
program, in a manner consistent with the program's logic!" Captain
Memory reached out to shake Ernie's hand. "Good job!"
     Sterno looked ruefully over the edge of the chasm. "Of course,
I don't think we got very many points!"
     "It doesn't matter," said Captain Memory cheerfully. "It's
`Game Over'. That's all we need!"
     Ernie was finding this all difficult to follow. "So, now
what?"
     "Now the system shuts down, in an orderly manner, and we're
all free!" cried the Captain jubilantly. "The evil genius Waldo
Stadium is thwarted, his Cyberslaves are set free! We win!"
     Ernie's eyes narrowed. "You talk about all of this almost as
if it was a game!"
     Captain Memory seemed taken aback. "Did I?" he said
innocently. "Well, I'm sure I didn't mean to...." He trailed off.
     Meanwhile, the Fly was engrossed in examining his head. He had
pulled out a small pocket mirror, and was looking himself over
carefully. "Hey, this is great!" he enthused. "I've got my looks
back! The babes are gonna love it! Awright! It's time to PA-A-A-
RTY!"
     Ernie looked around thoughtfully. There wasn't much to see.
All that was left of the planet Earth was the little patch of
ground that they stood on. "What's...what's going to happen to us
now?"
     "Well..." Captain Memory scratched his head. "I guess we'll
all be going home!"
     Sterno put a paw over his stomach. "I...I feel very strange!"
he complained. "I..." Suddenly, Sterno shimmered, and disappeared!
     Ernie was aghast. "Oh my god, he's gone! What happened to
him?"
     "It's beginning," Captain Memory replied calmly. "We're all 
going back to our proper place and time...." the Captain hesitated.
"...wherever that is!"
     "We're going back?" the Fly was enthusiastic. "AWRIGHT!" He,
too, had begun to shimmer. He flashed Ernie the `thumbs up' sign.
"It's PARTY TIME!!" With that, he was gone.
     Now there was only Ernie and Captain Memory. "But...but what
should I do when I get back?" Ernie wanted to know. "I mean, after
all this, shouldn't I....I dunno, DO something?"
     Captain Memory shrugged. "I guess you'll just have to wait and
see!" Suddenly, Ernie felt ill. The world began to shimmer around
him. The Captain's shape was becoming vague and indistinct. The
last thing Ernie saw was the Captain gazing ruefully at his bare
wrist. "I sure wish I could have gotten a watch, though!" he said
sadly. With that, the scene vanished.
                            EPILOGUE
     Ernie's head swan. The strange, distorted shapes of a surreal
landscape swirled around him. He stumbled backwards, and his hand
fell upon a doorknob. Reflexively, he pulled it open and stepped
through.
     A bright, fluorescent light dazzled his eyes. He became aware
of the sound of many voices in the distance. He staggered forward.
     "All done?" A girl's voice startled Ernie. He looked up. He
was back at the Arcade! "Did you have a nice game?" the girl at the
information booth was asking him, twirling a finger through her
hair absent-mindedly.
     "Uh..." Ernie could only mumble.
     "HowEVER did you get that loincloth so dirty!" she reproved,
cracking her chewing gum loudly. "There's a five dollar cleaning
fee for that, you know!"
     Ernie's mind was slowly clearing. "Uh, yeah?..." he managed to
answer.
     "You can change in there," the girl pointed to a dressing
room. "When you return the loincloth and the broadsword, you'll get
your deposit back," she looked at him pointedly. "Minus the five-
dollar cleaning fee!"
     As Ernie changed, his mind began to clear. Putting his own
clothes on again made him feel almost...normal. Had all of this
really happened, or had it all been just an illusion? Maybe it was
all just a malfunctioning computer program? Ernie couldn't be sure.
     Ernie walked slowly home from the Arcade, trying to put his
mind in order. He looked carefully at everything he passed. For
some reason it seemed to him that things would be somehow
different. Yet, the neighborhood looked about the same, as far as
he could tell. But then again, he'd never really paid that much
attention to all the details. Some of them might be different, and
he'd never even notice.
     After what seemed a very long time, he approached his own
house. He examined it carefully. It looked the same, as far as he
could tell. He took a deep breath, and went inside.
     "Hello, dear," he heard his mother's voice come from the
kitchen. "Did you have a nice game?"
     "Uh, I guess..." he called out in reply. "It was... uh...
different!"
     "That's nice!" his mother answered. "Dinner's ready!"
     Ernie walked into the dining room. He was still feeling pretty
woozy. Maybe something to eat would make him feel better.
     Ernie's mother entered, carrying a large covered dish. Ernie
gasped. "Mom! Your hair...!"
     Ernie's mother looked confused. "What about my hair?"
     "It...it's green!" Ernie choked.
     "But it's always been green!" his mother was puzzled. "Are you
feeling all right, dear boy?"
     Ernie collapsed into a chair. "No," he moaned. "I don't feel
good at all!"
     "It must be that awful Virtual Reality Game," his mother said
knowingly. "I've always said those things were unhealthy! It's just
too much stimulation for young minds!"
     "Uh, yeah," Ernie agreed pitifully.
     "Have some dinner and you'll feel better!" she said wisely,
dishing out a plate of food for Ernie. "I've made your favorite:
squid with mothballs!"
     "Uh..." Ernie began.
     "Your favorite TV show's on tonight," his mother continued
cheerily. "`I Wanna Donna' with Donna the Iguana! In fact," she
went on brightly. "All your favorite Reptiles are on tonight!"
     Ernie sighed deeply. Well, he thought. It looks like I'm home!
     Sort of.
                             THE END
Rifts World Book: North Dakota
Sean Satterlee
v1.00
CREDITS
WRITER: Sean Satterlee
CONTRIBUTING WRITERS: John Sekerka, Brian Iamar, Mike Best
EDITOR: Sean Satterlee
                                 TABLE OF CONTENTS
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT....................4
INTRODUCTION................................4
LETTERS FROM ERIN TARN............5
LANDS.................................................6 
CITIES..................................................8
MINOR CITIES....................................10
ARMS AND EQUIPMENT..................12
VEHICLES............................................20
MILITARY MIGHT...............................27
NEW SKILLS........................................28
RACES AND OCCUPATIONS............30 
PSIONICS.............................................60
SURROUNDING AREAS.....................61
REACTIONS BY OTHER POWERS....62
NPC's.....................................................63 
ADVENTURE IDEAS............................70
EXPERIENCE TABLES.........................71
                              ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
I like to personally thank PlayeR2000 for allowing me to reprint
some of his characters in this book. 
Also I like to thank Capt MJB for allowing me to reprint some of
his characters too.
I like to thank John Sekerka for helping me create the Inuit
R.C.C.  Without him I wouldn't of been able to create it.
And finally I like to thank you for downloading this World book. 
I hope you enjoy it, and  it inspires you to create gaming
materials for RIFTS.
P.S. I almost forgot, even though we don't get along, I like to
thank Rob Niermeyer for getting me involved in Rifts and role
playing in general.  If it wasn't for him I would never of found
out about role playing or Rifts.
INTRODUCTION              
Welcome all to the world of North Dakota.  The land of excitement
and danger.  Where you are free to walk around as long as you
have the biggest weapon.  This land is full of mystery an
intrigue.  Technology runs rampant here, while psionics and magic
take a back seat.  This is where you can get out from under the
Coalitions yoke of tyranny, an enjoy life.  Granted it won't be
an easy life, but it will be a fulfilled life.  This is the land
where things are a little different than the rest, where what
appears to be a good guy or a good thing isn't.  
Depending on the success of this book I might come out with world
books for Lazlo, the North Pole, and a revised edition of Mutants
in Orbit.  Here is just a little bit of what I have in store for
Mutants in Orbit:  Ants dominate Mars threaten the entire galaxy,
further information and stats on McCoy, an more of ARCHIES latest
developments.  If you have any ideas and want a few suggestions,
E-mail and I will be glad to help you in anyway I can.  Also I
would like to tell you that I could not put graphics in this
version due to time.  If I would have put graphics in this
version you would be receiving this book around  Christmas time. 
The only graphics in this book is a map, which is not inside this
book but zipped up with it.
Please excuse any errors you might find in this book, this is
only my first version and book to be made so their is bound to be
some mistakes that I missed.  If you see any Major mistakes
please E-mail if you can, and let me know what is the problem.
                                           SEAN (JSATT)
Letters from Erin Tarn  101 P.A. circa
Dear loyal Readers,
                   As I was on my way to the western coast I
stopped in a town called Lazarus.  The reason I mention this is
because most of the locals were D-Bee's!  I had finally come upon
a town that was ruled by D-Bee's, and the local humans totally
accepted their rule.  Upon entering the town I was greeted by a
pair of Gromeks who escorted me to their king.  The town was
compact, it seemed the town was more worried about being
functional and defensive capabilities, than cleanliness and
beautification.  In fact it looked like the town was under siege,
everybody I saw carried some sort of weapon.  Most people I
passed gave me a nervous glance, if any at all, and quickened
their pace a little to get away from me.  I was shocked to see a
beautiful clean marbled structure in front of me.  It had gold
trimming on everything.  It was a weird sight to see this
structure surrounded by a sea of filth and trash.  I was not
surprised to find out that this was the King's palace.  Their
king was an impressive specimen.  I would guess him to be a very
powerful fighter even in his own race.  The Gromek king's name
was Grog.  Grog tried to be gracious and polite host but his
rough demeanor kept slipping out.  The Gromek seemed to be
concerned about something, for they kept asking me weird
questions about my loyalty and where I have been.  I couldn't
help but feel that through all their questioning that I felt like
a Coalition prisoner right before they get set on torturing me, I
wouldn't want to feel that way ever again.  When I told them who
I was their face seemed to lighten a little.  The King asked me
to stay for awhile, and document what I saw happening in his
town.  Even though I wanted to go to the western coast, my old
investigator inside me got the better of me and I agreed.  My
visits around town lead me to the conclusion that the Gromek view
themselves as the savior of Earth, and that the Coalition is
trying to destroy the Earth, an all life on it.  The Gromek are a
little over confident, they feel given enough time they could
defeat the Coalition.  Sadly I feel that the Gromek are a
misguided lot.  I tried to make them understand the vast
resources the Coalition has, and that if the Coalition wanted to
they could crush this town within a blink of an eye.  They would
hear none of it.  I think most citizens realize this and are
always looking over their shoulder waiting for the Coalition to
appear just over the horizon, an end their security.  I am told
their is another town called Bismark about 150 miles west of
here, and since it is on my way to the coast, I plan on stopping
there.  I can hardly wait, for it is said that Bismark is a
beautiful city where humans and D-bee's get along peacefully too.
Hello again, I am currently writing this letter in a luxurious 4
room suite located in Bismark's finest hotel, thanks to the city
council.  I know I shouldn't of accepted this room, but hey an
old girl needs a vacation every now and then.  The council has
given me many guided tours throughout the city in the last week. 
Everything I see is clean, even the garbage is clean!  I have
seen many beautiful homes and shops this past week.  It feels
like the town has opened up its heart just for me, it feels like
one long party.  I can't help but get the feeling that something
is missing from all this niceties, I don't know maybe its me,
maybe I'm not used to people feeling good about themselves for
once.  I can't shake this feeling so I have decided to sneak out
tomorrow morning and go on my own personal tour.
Hello there, I finally figured out what was missing in this town. 
It was the poor downtrodden people that make a city complete. 
Every city has got them, but it seemed this one didn't.  As I
told you two days ago I planned to go on my own secret tour, and
well I did.  What I saw shocked me, it took me awhile to find it,
I had found the bad part of town.  This part of town was dirty
and unkempt.  Buildings were decaying and crumbling, there was
litter and refuse scattered on all of the streets and sidewalks. 
It seemed these were the forgotten people, an indeed they were! 
When I asked the town council about these people they denied
their existence!  Here the people lived day to day hoping to find
a meal in the refuse that littered the streets, and if finding
food wasn't hard enough the people had to worry about gangs that
wandered the streets beating and killing people for whatever
meager possessions they had.  My heart goes out to those people. 
Also their was another strange thing about this town, their was
almost no magic whatsoever.  The one magic shop I did manage to
find was meager at best.  It seems the citizens are afraid of
magic, this could be the weak point in Bismark's armor.  For if
the Coalition ever decided to attack, Bismark would need all help
they could get.  Both Bismark and Lazarus have rather high
technology level for such small towns, but they cannot compete
against the Coalitions raw numbers.  I fear that eventually when
the Coalition gets around to it, these D-Bee sympathizers will be
exterminated.  Finally another thing that puzzles me, how could
these two towns have such high levels of technology.  Bismark has
advanced medical treatment along with a very good communication
network.  Lazarus has advanced weapon technology.  Nothing they
did or said suggested that they developed or found this
technology.  When I asked Bismark's council I was told they got
their weapons from  Lazarus, and the medicine was always here. 
Later that day, one of the council members approached me.  I
remember seeing his face during the meeting but he never said
anything,  he just observed.  He told me his name was Texder
Worthington and that he was a Techno-Wizard!  At last, finally
somebody that was skilled in the art of magic.  He made me
promise never to tell anybody in Bismark what he was or what he
was about to say.  Of course I agreed to his deal.  Texder told
me that both towns are secretly being supplied by a man named
McCoy.  McCoy sets up a contact in a city and deliver his goods
to that contact, who would then secretly release the goods to the
open market.  The funny thing is that both towns governments are
unaware of any of this.  They are told it was captured goods or
found items.  But in most cases they are told they are goods from
a neighboring town.  I tried to get him to explain more, but he
would say no more.  I can't help but get the feeling that he
knows more than he is saying.  I would've investigated for this
McCoy person myself, but I had to get to the west coast before
winter.  Two things puzzle me about North Dakota, one who is this
McCoy and how has he acquired this technology, and two there is
something strange going on in the Badlands, I have heard too many
tales of horror of this place, there has to be something there. 
Still people enter into the Badlands in search of gold, never to
be seen again, while others come out but are in some ways dead
already.  I hope to investigate North Dakota further on my trip
back.  See you soon
                                                           Erin
Tarn
Lands
The Badlands
From all outside appearances the badlands looks the same as it
was in Pre-Rift time.  It is still dry and desolate with little
or no growth.  The land was carved out from ancient rivers.  Most
people stay away from the Badlands, their are rumors that a clan
of Faerie Folk have taken up residency in the carved out rocks. 
Recently a new rumor has been spreading across North Dakota, like
a fire across a dry prairie.  According to rumor an old miner
from pre-rift days went into the Badlands in search of gold. 
After a couple of years the man found the mother load. 
Unfortunately all he had was a mule to carry out the gold, so he
only carried out a small percentage.  Before he could return to
get the rest of the gold, he died of an illness.  So to this day
people are still trying to find the gold mine.  At least 1,000
expeditions have gone into the badlands searching for gold.  Most
of the adventurers have not returned.  The people that are able
to return have a distant look in their eyes, and walk clumsily
like they are not watching where they are going.  Kind of like a
person who saw something so horrific that they went into shock
and still hasn't come out yet.  Even though people don't comeback
it hasn't stopped people from going into the badlands.  People
are willing to risk their lives just so it might be easier later
on in life.
*Truth about Badlands*
There are indeed faerie folk living in the Badlands.  They are
delighted about all these new visitors, they are so much fun to
play with.  There are roughly 30,000 faerie folk living in the
