                              ACT I   SCENE I
                          Scene, PEACHUM's House.
PEACHUM sitting at a Table with a large Book of Accounts before him.
                 Air I.--An old Woman clothed in Gray, &c.
                 Through all the Employments of Life
                   Each Neighbour abuses his Brother;
                 Whore and Rogue they call Husband and Wife:
                   All Professions be-rogue one another:
                 The Priest calls the Lawyer a Cheat,
                   The Lawyer be-knaves the Divine:
                 And the Statesman, because he's so great,
                   Thinks his Trade as honest as mine.
A Lawyer is an honest Employment, so is mine. Like me too he acts in a 
double Capacity, both against Rogues and for 'em; for 'tis but fitting that 
we should protect and encourage Cheats, since we live by them.
                                  Scene 2.
                              Peachum, Filch.
  FILCH. Sir, Black Moll hath sent word her Trial comes on in the 
Afternoon, and she hopes you will order Matters so as to bring her off. 
  PEACHUM. Why, she may plead her Belly at worst; to my Knowledge she 
hath taken care of that Security. But, as the Wench is very active and 
industrious, you may satisfy her that I'll soften the Evidence. 
  FILCH. Tom Gagg, sir, is found guilty.
  PEACHUM. A lazy Dog! When I took him the time before, I told him what he 
would come to if he did not mend his Hand. This is Death without Reprieve. 
I may venture to Book him. [writes.] For Tom Gagg, forty Pounds. Let 
Betty Sly know that I'll save her from Transportation, for I can get 
more by her staying in England. 
  FILCH. Betty hath brought more goods into our Lock to-year than any five 
of the Gang; and in truth, 'tis a pity to lose so good a Customer.
  PEACHUM. If none of the Gang take her off, she may, in the common course 
of Business, live a Twelve-month longer. I love to let Women scape. A good 
Sportsman always lets the Hen Partridges fly, because the Breed of the Game 
depends upon them. Besides, here the Law allows us no Reward; there is 
nothing to be got by the Death of Women--except our Wives.
  FILCH. Without dispute, she is a fine Woman! 'Twas to her I was obliged 
for my Education, and (to say a bold Word) she hath trained up more young 
fellows to the Business than the Gaming table.
  PEACHUM. Truly, Filch, thy Observation is right. We and the Surgeons are 
more beholden to Women than all the Professions besides.
                   Air II.--The bonny gray-ey'd Morn, &c.
                                   FILCH.
              'Tis Woman that seduces all Mankind,
                By her we first were taught the wheedling Arts:
              Her very Eyes can cheat; when most she's kind,
                She tricks us of our Money with our Hearts.
              For her, like Wolves by Night we roam for Prey,
                And practise ev'ry Fraud, to bribe her Charms;
              For suits of Love, like Law, are won by Pay,
                And Beauty must be fee'd into our Arms.
  PEACHUM. But make haste to Newgate, Boy, and let my Friends know what I 
intend; for I love to make them easy one way or other.
  FILCH. When a Gentleman is long kept in suspence, Penitence may break his 
Spirit ever after. Besides, Certainty gives a Man a good Air upon his 
Trial, and makes him risque another without Fear or Scruple. But I'll away, 
for 'tis a Pleasure to be the Messenger of Comfort to Friends in 
Affliction.
                                  Scene 3.
                                  PEACHUM.
  But 'tis now high time to look about me for a decent Execution against 
next Sessions. I hate a lazy Rogue, by whom one can get nothing 'till he 
is hang'd. A Register of the Gang, [Reading] Crook-finger'd Jack. A Year 
and a half in the service; Let me see how much the Stock owes to his 
Industry; one, two, three, four, five Gold Watches, and seven Silver ones. 
A mighty clean-handed Fellow! Sixteen Snuff-boxes, five of them of true 
Gold. Six Dozen of Handkerchiefs, four silver-hilted Swords, half Dozen of 
Shirts, three Tye-Periwigs, and a piece of Broad-Cloth. Considering 
these are only the Fruits of his leisure Hours, I don't know a prettier 
Fellow, for no Man alive hath a more engaging Presence of Mind upon the 
Road. Wat Dreary, alias Brown Will, an irregular Dog, who hath an underhand 
way of disposing of his Goods. I'll try him only for a Sessions or two 
longer upon his Good-behaviour. Harry Padington, a poor petty-larceny 
Rascal, without the least Genius; that Fellow, though he were to live these 
six Months, will never come to the Gallows with any Credit. Slippery Sam; 
he goes off the next Sessions, for the Villain hath the Impudence to have 
Views of Following his Trade as a Tailor, which he calls an honest 
Employment. Mat of the Mint; listed not above a Month ago, a promising 
sturdy Fellow, and diligent in his way; somewhat too bold and hasty, and 
may raise good Contributions on the Public, if he does not cut himself 
short by Murder. Tom Tipple, a guzzling soaking Sot, who is always too 
drunk to stand himself, or to make others stand. A Cart is absolutely 
necessary for him. Robin of Bagshot, alias Gorgon, alias Bob Bluff, 
alias Carbuncle, alias Bob Booty. 
                                  Scene 4.
                           PEACHUM, MRS. PEACHUM.
  MRS. PEACHUM. What of Bob Booty, Husband? I hope nothing bad hath betided 
him. You know, my Dear, he's a favourite Customer of mine. 'Twas he made me 
a present of this Ring.
  PEACHUM. I have set his Name down in the Black List, that's all, my Dear; 
he spends his Life among Women, and as soon as his Money is gone, one or 
other of the Ladies will hang him for the Reward, and there's forty Pounds 
lost to us for-ever.
  MRS. PEACHUM. You know, my Dear, I never meddle in matters of Death; I 
always leave those Affairs to you. Women indeed are bitter bad Judges in 
these cases, for they are so partial to the Brave that they think every Man 
handsome who is going to the Camp or the Gallows.
                        Air III.--Cold and raw, &c.
              If any Wench Venus's Girdle wear,
                Though she be never so ugly;
              Lilies and Roses will quickly appear,
                And her Face look wond'rously smugly.
              Beneath the left Ear so fit but a Cord,
                (A Rope so charming a a Zone is!)
              The Youth in his Cart hath the Air of a Lord,
                And we cry, There goes an Adonis!
But really Husband, you should not be too hard-hearted, for you never had a 
finer, braver set of Men than at present. We have not had a Murder among 
them all, these seven Months. And truly, my Dear, that is a great Blessing.
  PEACHUM. What a dickens is the Woman always a whimpring about Murder for? 
No Gentleman is ever look'd upon the worse for killing a Man in his own 
Defense; and if Business cannot be carried on without it, what would you 
have a Gentleman do? 
  MRS. PEACHUM. If I am in the wrong, my Dear, you must excuse me, for no 
body can help the Frailty of an over-scrupulous Conscience.
  PEACHUM. Murder is as fashionable a Crime as a Man can be guilty of. How 
many fine Gentlemen have we in Newgate every Year, purely upon that 
Article! If they have wherewithal to persuade the Jury to bring it in 
Manslaughter, what are they the worse for it? So, my Dear, have done upon 
this Subject. Was Captain Macheath here this Morning for the Bank-Notes 
he left with you last Week? 
  MRS. PEACHUM. Yes, my Dear; and though the Bank hath stopt Payment, he 
was so cheerful and so agreeable! Sure there is not a finer Gentleman upon 
the Road than the Captain! If he comes from Bagshot at any reasonable 
Hour, he hath promis'd to make one this Evening with Polly and me, and Bob 
Booty at a party of Quadrille. Pray, my dear, is the Captain rich? 
  PEACHUM. The Captain keeps too good Company ever to grow rich. 
Mary-bone and the Chocolate-houses are his undoing. The Man that 
proposes to get Money by Play should have the Education of a fine 
Gentleman, and be train'd up to it from his Youth. 
  MRS. PEACHUM. Really, I am sorry upon Polly's Account the Captain hath 
not more Discretion. What Business hath he to keep Company with Lords and 
Gentlemen? he should leave them to prey upon one another.
  PEACHUM. Upon Polly's Account! What a plague does the Woman mean?---Upon 
Polly's Account!
  MRS. PEACHUM. Captain Macheath is very fond of the Girl.
  PEACHUM. And what then?
  MRS. PEACHUM. If I have any Skill in the Ways of Women, I am sure Polly 
thinks him a very pretty Man.
  PEACHUM. And what then? You would not be so mad as to have the Wench 
marry him! Gamesters and Highwaymen are generally very good to their 
Whores, but they are very Devils to their Wives.
  MRS. PEACHUM. But if Polly should be in Love, how should we help her, or 
how can she help herself? Poor Girl, I am in the utmost Concern about her.
             Air IV.--Why is your faithful Slave disdained? &c.
              If Love the Virgin's Heart invade,
              How, like a Moth, the simple Maid
                Still plays about the Flame!
              If soon she be not made a Wife,
              Her Honour's sing'd, and then for Life
                She's--what I dare not name.
  PEACHUM. Look ye, Wife. A handsome Wench in our way of Business is as 
profitable as at the Bar of a Temple Coffee-House, who looks upon it as 
her livelihood to grant every Liberty but one. You see I would not indulge 
the Girl as far as prudently we can. In anything, but Marriage! After that, 
my Dear, how shall we be safe? Are we not then in her Husband's Power? For 
a Husband hath the absolute Power over all a Wife's Secrets but her own. If 
the Girl had the Discretion of a Court-Lady, who can have a Dozen young 
Fellows at her Ear without complying with one, I should not matter it; but 
Polly is Tinder, and a Spark will at once set her on a Flame. Married! If 
the Wench does not know her own Profit, sure she knows her own Pleasure 
better than to make herself a Property! My Daughter to me should be, like a 
Court-Lady to a Minister of State, a Key to the whole Gang. Married! If the 
Affair is not already done, I'll terrify her from it, by the Example of our 
Neighbours. 
  MRS. PEACHUM. May-hap, my Dear, you may injure the Girl. She loves to 
imitate the fine Ladies, and she may only allow the Captain liberties in 
the view of Interest.
  PEACHUM. But 'tis your Duty, your Duty, my Dear, to warn the Girl against 
her Ruin, and to instruct her how to make the most of her Beauty. I'll go 
to her this moment, and sift her. In the mean time, Wife, rip out the 
Coronets and Marks of these Dozen of Cambric Handkerchiefs, for I can 
dispose of them this Afternoon to a Chap in the City.
                                  Scene 5.
                               MRS. PEACHUM.
  Never was a Man more out of the way in an Argument than my Husband? Why 
must our Polly, forsooth, differ from her Sex, and love only her Husband? 
And why must Polly's Marriage, contrary to all Observation, make her the 
less followed by other Men? All Men are Thieves in Love, and like a Woman 
the better for being another's Property.
                Air V.--Of all the simple Things we do, &c.
              
              A Maid is like the Golden Ore,
                Which hath Guineas intrinsical in't,
              Whose Worth is never known, before
                It is try'd and imprest in the Mint.
              A wife's like a Guinea in Gold,
                Stampt with the Name of her Spouse;
              Now here, now there; is bought, or is sold;
                And is current in every House.
                                  Scene 6.
                            MRS. PEACHUM, FILCH.
  MRS. PEACHUM. Come here, Filch. I am as fond of the Child, as though my 
Mind misgave me he were my own. He hath as fine a Hand at picking a Pocket 
as a Woman, and is as nimble-finger'd as a Juggler. If an unlucky Session 
does not cut the Rope of thy Life, I pronounce, Boy, thou wilt be a great 
Man in History. Where was your Post last Night, my Boy?
  FILCH. I ply'd at the Opera, Madam; and considering 'twas neither dark 
nor rainy, so that there was no great Hurry in getting Chairs and Coaches, 
made a tolerable Hand on't. These seven Handkerchiefs, Madam.
  MRS. PEACHUM. Colour'd ones, I see. They are of sure Sale from our 
Warehouse at Redriff among the Seamen.
  FILCH. And this Snuff-box.
  MRS. PEACHUM. Set in Gold! A pretty Encouragement this to a young 
Beginner.
  FILCH. I had a fair Tug at charming Gold Watch. Pox take the Tailors for 
making the Fobs so deep and narrow! It stuck by the way, and I was 
forc'd to make my Escape under a Coach. Really, Madam, I fear I shall be 
cut off in the Flower of my Youth, so that every now and then (since I was 
pumpt) I have Thoughts of taking up and going to Sea. 
  MRS. PEACHUM. You should go to Hockley in the Hole, and to Mary-bone, 
Child, to learn Valour. These are the Schools that have bred so many brave 
Men. I thought, Boy, by this time thou hadst lost Fear as well as Shame. 
Poor Lad! how little does he know yet of the Old Baily! For the first 
Fact I'll insure thee from being hang'd; and going to Sea, Filch, will come 
time enough upon a Sentence of Transportation. But now, since you have 
nothing better to do, ev'n go to your Book, and learn your Catechism; for 
really a Man makes but an ill Figure in the Ordinary's Paper, who 
cannot give a satisfactory Answer to his Questions. But hark you, my Lad. 
Don't tell me a Lye; for you know that I hate a Liar. Do you know of 
anything that hath pass'd between Captain Macheath and our Polly? 
  FILCH. I beg you, Madam, don't ask me; for I must either tell a Lye to 
you or to Miss Polly; for I promis'd her I would not tell.
  MRS. PEACHUM. But when the Honour of our Family is concern'd---
  FILCH. I shall lead a sad Life with Miss Polly, if she ever comes to know 
that I told you. Besides, I would not willingly forfeit my own Honour by 
betraying any body.
  MRS. PEACHUM. Yonder comes my Husband and Polly. Come, Filch, you shall 
go with me into my own Room, and tell me the whole Story. I'll give thee a 
most delicious Glass of a Cordial that I keep for my own drinking.
                                  Scene 7. 
                              PEACHUM, POLLY. 
  POLLY. I know as well as any of the fine Ladies how to make the most of 
myself and of my Man too. A Woman knows how to be mercenary, though she 
hath never been in a Court or at an Assembly. We have it in our Natures, 
Papa. If I allow Captain Macheath some trifling Liberties, I have this 
Watch and other visible Marks of his Favour to show for it. A Girl who 
cannot grant some Things, and refuse what is most material, will make but a 
poor hand of her Beauty, and soon be thrown upon the Common. 
         Air VI.--What shall I do to show how much I love her, &c.
              Virgins are like the fair Flower in its Lustre,
                Which in the Garden enamels the Ground;
              Near it the Bees in play flutter and cluster,
                And gaudy Butterflies frolick around.
              But, when once pluck'd, 'tis no longer alluring,
                To Covent-Garden 'tis sent (as yet sweet),
              There fades, and shrinks, and grows past all enduring
                Rots, stinks, and dies, and is trod under feet.
  PEACHUM. You know, Polly, I am not against your toying and trifling with 
a Customer in the way of Business, or to get out a Secret, or so. But if I 
find out that you have play'd the Fool and are married, you Jade you, I'll 
cut your Throat, Hussy. Now you know my Mind.
                                  Scene 8.
                       PEACHUM, POLLY, MRS. PEACHUM.
                    Air VII.--Oh London is a fine Town.
                   MRS. PEACHUM, in a very great Passion.
    Our Polly is a sad Slut! nor heeds what we have taught her.
    I wonder any Man alive will ever rear a Daughter!
    For she must have both Hoods and Gowns, and Hoops to swell her Pride,
    With Scarfs and Stays, and Gloves and Lace; and she will have Men beside;
    And when she's drest with Care and Cost, all tempting, fine and gay,
    As Men should serve a Cowcumber, she flings herself away.
    Our Polly is a sad slut, &c.
You Baggage! you Hussy! you inconsiderate Jade! had you been hang'd, it 
would not have vex'd me, for that might have been your Misfortune; but to 
do such a mad thing by Choice! The Wench is married, Husband.
  PEACHUM. Married! the Captain is a bold Man, and will risk anything for 
Money; to be sure he believes her a Fortune. Do you think your Mother and I 
should have liv'd comfortably so long together, if ever we had been 
married? Baggage!
  MRS. PEACHUM. I knew she was always a proud Slut; and now the Wench hath 
play'd the Fool and Married, because forsooth she would do like the Gentry. 
Can you support the Expence of a Husband, Hussy, in Gaming, Drinking and 
Whoring? Have you Money enough to carry on the daily Quarrels of Man and 
Wife about who shall squander most? There are not many Husbands and Wives, 
who can bear the Charges of plaguing one another in a handsome way. If you 
must be married, could you introduce no body into our Family but a 
Highwayman? Why, thou foolish Jade, thou wilt be as ill-used, and as much 
neglected, as if thou hadst married a Lord!
  PEACHUM. Let not your Anger, my Dear, break through the Rules of Decency, 
for the Captain looks upon himself in the Military Capacity, as a Gentleman 
by his Profession. Besides what he hath already, I know he is in a fair way 
of getting, or of dying; and both these ways, let me tell you, are most 
excellent Chances for a Wife. Tell me, Hussy, are you ruin'd or no?
  MRS. PEACHUM. With Polly's Fortune, she might very well have gone off to 
a Person of Distinction. Yes, that you might, you pouting Slut!
  PEACHUM. What is the Wench dumb? Speak, or I'll make you plead by 
squeezing out an Answer from you. Are really bound Wife to him, or are you 
only upon liking?                                            [Pinches her.
  POLLY. Oh!                                                   [Screaming.
  MRS. PEACHUM. How the Mother is to be pitied who has handsome Daughters! 
Lock, Bolts, Bars, and Lectures of Morality are nothing to them: They break 
through them all. They have as much Pleasure in cheating a Father and 
Mother, as in cheating at Cards.
  PEACHUM. Why, Polly, I shall soon know if you are married, by Macheath's 
keeping form our House.
                  Air VIII.--Grim King of the Ghosts, &c.
                                   POLLY.
                 Can Love be control'd by Advice?
                   Will Cupid our Mothers obey?
                 Though my Heart were as frozen as Ice,
                   At his Flame 'twould have melted away.
                 When he kist me so closely he prest,
                   'Twas so sweet that I must have comply'd;
                 So I thought it both safest and best
                   To marry, for fear you should chide.
  MRS. PEACHUM. Then all the Hopes of our Family are gone for ever and ever!
  PEACHUM. And Macheath may hang his Father and Mother-in-law, in hope to 
get into their Daughter's Fortune.
  POLLY. I did not marry him (as 'tis the Fashion) coolly and deliberately 
for Honour or Money. But, I love him.
  MRS. PEACHUM. Love him! worse and worse! I thought the Girl had been 
better bred. Oh, Husband, Husband! her Folly makes me mad! my Head swims! 
I'm distracted! I can't support myself---Oh!                          [faints.
  PEACHUM. See, Wench, to what a Condition you have reduc'd your poor 
Mother! a glass of Cordial, this instant. How the poor Woman takes it to 
heart!                                   [Polly goes out, and returns with it.
Ah, Hussy, this is now the only Comfort your Mother has left!
  POLLY. Give her another Glass, Sir! my Mama drinks double the Quantity 
whenever she is out of Order. This, you see, fetches her.
  MRS. PEACHUM. The Girl shows such a Readiness, and so much Concern, that 
I could almost find it in my Heart to forgive her.
              Air IX.--O Jenny, O Jenny where hast thou been.
              O Polly, you might have toy'd and kist.
              By keeping Men off, you keep them on.
                                   POLLY.
                   But he so teaz'd me,
                   And he so pleas'd me,
                 What I did, you must have done.
  MRS. PEACHUM. Not with a Highwayman.----You sorry Slut!
  PEACHUM. A Word with you, Wife. 'Tis no new thing for a Wench to take a
Man without Consent of Parents. You know 'tis the Frailty of Woman, my Dear.
  MRS. PEACHUM. Yes, indeed, the Sex is frail. But the first time a Woman 
is frail, she should be somewhat nice methinks, for then or never is the 
time to make her Fortune. After that, she hath nothing to do but to guard 
herself from being found out, and she may do what she pleases.
  PEACHUM. Make yourself a little easy; I have a Thought shall soon set all 
MAtters again to rights. Why so melancholy, Polly? since what is done 
cannot be undone, we must all endeavour to make the best of it.
  MRS. PEACHUM. Well, Polly; as far as one Woman can forgive another, I 
forgive thee.---Your Father is too fond of you, Hussy.
  POLLY. Then all my Sorrows are at an end.
  MRS. PEACHUM. A mighty likely Speech in troth, for a Wench who is just 
married!
                       Air X.---Thomas, I cannot, &c.
                                   POLLY.
                   I. like a Ship in Storms, was tost;
                   Yet afraid to put in to Land:
                   For seiz'd in the Port the Vessel's lost,
                   Whose Treasure is contreband.
                     The Waves are laid,
                     My Duty's paid.
                   O joy beyond Expression!
                     Thus, safe a-shore,
                     I ask no more,
                   My All is in my Possession.
  PEACHUM. I hear Customers in t'other Room: Go, talk with 'em, Polly; but 
come to us again, as soon as they are gone---But, hark ye, Child, if 'tis 
the Gentleman who was here Yesterday about the Repeating Watch; say you 
believe we can't get Intelligence of it till to-morrow. For I lent it to 
Suky Straddle, to make a figure with it to-night at a Tavern in Drury-
Lane. If t'other Gentleman calls for the Silver-hilted Sword; you know 
Beetle-brow'd Jemmy hath it on, and he doth not come from Tunbridge 
'till Tuesday Night; so that it cannot be had 'till then. 
                                  Scene 9.
                           PEACHUM, MRS. PEACHUM.
  PEACHUM. Dear Wife, be a little pacified, Don't let your Passion run away 
with your Senses. Polly, I grant you, hath done a rash thing.
  MRS. PEACHUM. If she had had only an Intrigue with the Fellow, why the 
very best Families have excused and huddled up a Frailty of that sort. 
'Tis Marriage, Husband, that makes it a Blemish.
  PEACHUM. But Money, Wife, is the true Fuller's-Earth for Reputations, 
there is not a Spot or a Stain but what it can take out. A rich Rogue 
now-a-days is fit Company for any Gentleman; and the World, my Dear, hath 
not such a contempt for Roguery as you imagine. I tell you, Wife, I can 
make this Match turn to our Advantage.
  MRS. PEACHUM. I am very sensible, Husband, that Captain Macheath is worth 
Money, but I am in doubt whether he hath not two or three Wives already, 
and then if he should die in a Session or two, Polly's Dower would come 
into a Dispute.
  PEACHUM. That, indeed, is a Point which ought to be consider'd.
                      Air XI.--A Soldier and a Sailor.
                   A Fox may steal your Hens, Sir,
                   A Whore your Health and Pence, Sir,
                   Your Daughter rob your Chest, Sir,
                   Your Wife may steal your Rest, Sir.
                     A Thief your Goods and Plate.
                   But this is all but picking,
                   With Rest, Pence, Chest and Chicken;
                   It ever was decreed, Sir,
                   If Lawyer's Hand is fee'd, Sir,
                   He steals your whole Estate.
The Lawyers are bitter Enemies to those in our Way. They don't care that 
any body should get a clandestine Livelihood but themselves.
                                 Scene 10.
                       MRS. PEACHUM, PEACHUM, POLLY.
  POLLY. 'Twas only Nimming Ned. He brought in a Damask Window-Curtain, a 
Hoop-Petticoat, a pair of Silver Candlesticks, and one Silk Stocking, from 
the Fire that happen'd last Night.
  PEACHUM. There is not a Fellow that is cleverer in his way, and saves 
more Goods out of the Fire than Ned. But now, Polly, to your Affair; for 
Matters must be left as they are. You are married, then, it seems?
  POLLY. Yes, Sir.
  PEACHUM. And how do you propose to live, Child?
  POLLY. Like other Women, Sir, upon the Industry of my Husband.
  MRS. PEACHUM. What, is the Wench turn'd Fool? A Highwayman's Wife, like a 
Soldier's, hath as little of his Pay, as of his Company.
  PEACHUM. And had not you the common Views of a Gentlewoman in your 
Marriage, Polly?
  POLLY. I don't know what you mean, Sir.
  PEACHUM. Of a Jointure, and of being a Widow.
  POLLY. But I love him, Sir; how then could I have Thoughts of parting 
with him?
  PEACHUM. Parting with him! Why, this is the whole Scheme and Intention of 
all Marriage Articles. The comfortable Estate of Widow-hood, is the only 
Hope that keeps up a Wife's Spirits. Where is the Woman who would scruple 
to be a Wife, if she had it in her Power to be a Widow, whenever she 
pleas'd? If you have any Views of this sort, Polly, I shall think the Match 
not so very unreasonable.
  POLLY. How I dread to hear your Advice! Yet I must beg you to explain 
yourself.
  PEACHUM. Secure what he hath got, have him peach'd the next Sessions, and 
then at once you are made a rich Widow.
  POLLY. What, murder the Man I love! The Blood runs cold at my Heart with 
the very Thought of it!
  PEACHUM. Fie, Polly! What hath Murder to do in the Affair? Since the 
thing sooner or later must happen, I dare say, the Captain himself would 
like rather that we should get the Reward for his Death sooner than a 
Stranger. Why, Polly, the Captain knows that as 'tis his Employment to rob, 
so 'tis ours to take Robbers; every Man in his Business. So there is no 
Malice in the case.
  MRS. PEACHUM. Ay, Husband, now you have nick'd the Matter. To have him 
peach'd is the only thing could ever make me forgive her.
                Air XII.--Now ponder well, ye Parents dear.
                                   POLLY.
                      O ponder well! be not severe:
                        So save a wretched Wife!
                      For on the Rope that hangs my Dear
                        Depends poor Polly's Life.
  MRS. PEACHUM. But your Duty to your Parents, Hussy, obliges you to hang 
him. What would many a Wife give for such an Opportunity!
  POLLY. What is a Jointure, what is Widow-hood to me? I know my heart. I 
cannot survive him.
                AIR XIII.--Le printemps rappelle aux armes.
                  The Turtle thus with plaintive Crying,
                      Her Lover dying,
                  The Turtle thus with plaintive Crying,
                      Laments her Dove.
                  Down she drops quite spent with Sighing
                  Pair'd in Death, as pair'd in Love.
Thus, Sir, it will happen to your poor Polly.
  MRS. PEACHUM. What, is the Fool in Love in earnest then? I hate thee for 
being particular: Why Wench, thou art a Shame to they very Sex.
  POLLY. But hear me, Mother.----If you ever lov'd-----
  MRS. PEACHUM. Those cursed Play-Books she reads have been her Ruin. 
One Word more, Hussy, and I shall knock your Brains out, if you have any. 
  PEACHUM. Keep out of the way, Polly, for fear of Mischief, and consider 
what is propos'd to you.
  MRS. PEACHUM. Away, Hussy. Hang your Husband, and be dutiful.
                                 Scene 11.
                           MRS. PEACHUM, PEACHUM.
                             [Polly listning.]
  MRS. PEACHUM. The Thing, Husband, must and shall be done. For the sake of 
Intelligence we must take other Measures, and have him peach'd the next 
Session without her Consent. If she will not know her Duty, we know ours.
  PEACHUM. But really, my Dear, it grieves one's Heart to take off a great 
Man. When I consider his Personal Bravery, his fine Strategem, how much 
we have already got by him, and how much more we may get, methinks I can't 
find it in my Heart to have a hand in his Death. I wish you could have made 
Polly undertake it. 
  MRS. PEACHUM. But in a Case of Necessity----our own Lives are in danger.
  PEACHUM. Then, indeed, we must comply with the Customs of the World, and 
make Gratitude give way to Interest.----He shall be taken off.
  MRS. PEACHUM. I'll undertake to manage Polly.
  PEACHUM. And I'll prepare Matters for the Old Baily.
                                 Scene 12.
                                   POLLY.
  Now I'm a Wretch, indeed.----Methinks I see him already in the Cart, 
sweeter and more lovely than the Nosegay in his Hand!----I hear the Crowd 
extolling his Resolution and Intrepidity!----What Vollies of Sighs are sent 
from the Windows of Holborn, that so comely a Youth should be brought to 
Disgrace!--I see him at the Tree! The whole Circle are in Tears!----even 
Butchers weep!----Jack Ketch himself hesitates to perform his Duty, and 
would be glad to lose his Fee, by a Reprieve. What then will become of 
Polly!----As yet I may inform him of their Design, and aid him in his 
Escape.----It shall be so----But then he flies, absents himself, and I bar 
myself from his dear Conversation! That too will distract me.----If he keep 
out of the way, my Papa and Mama may in time relent, and we may be happy.--
--If he stays, he is hang'd, and then he is lost for ever!----He intended 
to lie conceal'd in my Room, 'till the Dusk of the Evening: If they are 
abroad, I'll this Instant let him out, lest some Accident should prevent 
him.                                                      [Exit, and returns.
                                 Scene 13.
                              POLLY, MACHEATH
                      Air XIV.--Pretty Parrot, say----
                                 MACHEATH.
                           Pretty Polly, say,
                           When I was away,
                         Did your Fancy never stray
                           To some newer Lover?
                                   POLLY.
                           Without Disguise,
                           Heaving Sighs,
                           Doting Eyes,
                       My constant Heart discover,
                         Fondly let me loll!
                                 MACHEATH.
                           O pretty, pretty Poll.
  POLLY. And are you as fond as ever, my Dear?
  MACHEATH. Suspect my Honour, my Courage, suspect any thing but my Love.--
--May my Pistols miss Fire, and my Mare slip her Shoulder while I am 
pursu'd, if I ever forsake thee!
  POLLY. Nay, my Dear, I have no Reason to doubt you, for I find in the 
Romance you lent me, none of the great Heroes were ever false in Love.
                    Air XV.--Pray, Fair one, be kind----
                                 MACHEATH.
                     My Heart was so free,
                     It rov'd like the Bee,
                   'Till Polly my Passion requited;
                     I sipt each Flower,
                     I chang'd ev'ry Hour,
                   But here ev'ry Flow'r is united.
  POLLY. Were you sentenc'd to Transportation, sure, my Dear, you could 
not leave me behind you----could you?
  MACHEATH. Is there any Power, any Force that could tear me from thee? You 
might sooner tear a Pension out of the hands of a Courtier, a Fee from a 
Lawyer, a pretty Woman from a Looking-glass, or any Woman from Quadrille.--
--But to tear me from thee is impossible!
                   Air XVI.--Over the Hills and far away.
                   Were I laid on Greenland's Coast,
                   And in my Arms embrac'd my Lass;
                   Warm amidst eternal Frost,
                   Too soon the Half Year's Night would pass
                                 POLLY.
                   Were I sold on Indian Soil,
                   Soon as the burning Day was clos'd,
                   I could mock the sultry Toil
                   When on my Charmer's Breast repos'd.
                MACHEATH. And I would love you all the Day,
                POLLY.    Every Night would kiss and play,
                MACHEATH. If with me you'd fondly stray
                POLLY.    Over the Hills and far away.
                
  POLLY. Yes, I would go with thee. But oh!----how shall I speak it? I must 
be torn from thee. We must part.
  MACHEATH. How! Part!
  POLLY. We must, we must.----My Papa and Mama are set against thy Life. 
They now, even now are in Search after thee. They are preparing Evidence 
against thee. Thy Life depends upon a moment.                  
                Air XVII.--Gin thou wert mine awn thing.----
                   Oh What pain it is to part!
                   Can I leave thee, can I leave thee?
                   O what pain it is to part!
                   Can thy Polly ever leave thee?
                   But lest Death my Love should thwart,
                   And bring thee from my bleeding Heart!
                     Fly hence, and let me leave thee.
One Kiss and then--one Kiss--begone--farewell.
  MACHEATH. My Hand, my Heart, my Dear, is so riveted to thine, that I 
cannot unloose my Hold.
  POLLY. But my Papa may intercept thee, and then I should lose the very 
glimmering of Hope. A few Weeks, perhaps, may reconcile us all. Shall thy 
Polly hear from thee?
  MACHEATH. Must I then go?
  POLLY. And will not Absence change your Love?
  MACHEATH. If you doubt it, let me stay--and be hang'd.
  POLLY. O how I fear! how I tremble!----Go----but when Safety will give 
you leave, you will be sure to see me again; for 'till then Polly is 
wretched.
                        Air XVII.--O the Broom, &c.
[Parting, and looking back at each other with fondness; he at one Door, she 
at the other.
                                 MACHEATH.
                   The Miser thus a Shilling sees,
                     Which he's oblig'd to pay,
                   With sighs resigns it by degrees,
                     And fears 'tis gone for aye.
                                  POLLY.
                   The Boy, thus when his Sparrow's flown,
                     The Bird in Silence eyes;
                   But soon as out of Sight 'tis gone,
                     Whines, whimpers, sobs and cries.
                           ACT II        SCENE I
                           A Tavern near Newgate.
JEMMY TWITCHER, CROOK-FINGER'D JACK, WAT DREARY, ROBIN OF BAGSHOT, NIMMING 
    NED, HENRY PADINGTON, MATT OF THE MINT, BEN BUDGE, and the rest of the 
    Gang at the Table, with Wine, Brandy, and Tobacco.
  Ben. But pr'ythee, Matt, what is become of thy brother Tom? I have not 
seen him since my Return from Transportation. 
  MATT. Poor Brother Tom had an Accident this time Twelvemonth, and so 
clever a made fellow he was, that I could not save him from those 
fleaing Rascals the Surgeons; and now, poor Man, he is among the 
Ottamys at Surgeons Hall. 
  BEN. So it seems, his Time was come.
  JEMMY. But the present Time is ours, and no body alive hath more. Why are 
the Laws levell'd at us? are we more dishonest than the rest of Mankind? 
What we win, Gentlemen, is our own by the Law of Arms, and the Right of 
Conquest.
  CROOK. Where shall we find such another Set of Practical Philosophers, 
who to a Man are above the Fear of Death?
  WAT. Sound Men, and true!
  ROBIN. Of try'd Courage, and indefatigable Industry!
  NED. Who is there here that would not die for his Friend?
  HARRY. Who is there here that would betray him for his Interest?
  MATT. Show me a Gang of Courtiers that can say as much.
  BEN. We are for a just Partition of the World, for every Man hath a Right 
to enjoy Life.
  MATT. We retrench the Superfluities of Mankind. The World is avaritious, 
and I hate Avarice. A covetous fellow, like a Jackdaw, steals what he was 
never made to enjoy, for the sake of hiding it. These are the Robbers of 
Mankind, for Money was made for the Free-hearted and Generous, and where is 
the Injury of taking from another, what he hath not the Heart to make use of?
  JEMMY. Our several Stations for the Day are fixt. Good luck attend us 
all. Fill the Glasses.
                      Air XIX.--Fill every Glass, &c.
                                   MATT.
                   Fill ev'ry Glass, or Wine inspires us,
                        And fires us
                   With Courage, Love and Joy.
                   Women and Wine should Life employ.
                   Is there ought else on Earth desirous?
                                   CHORUS
                           Fill ev'ry Glass, &c.
                                  Scene 2.
                          To them enter MACHEATH.
  MACHEATH. Gentlemen, well met. My Heart hath been with you this Hour: but 
an unexpected Affair hath detain'd me. No ceremony, I beg you.
  MATT. We were just breaking up to go upon Duty. Am I to have the Honour 
of taking the Air with you, Sir, this Evening upon the Heath? I drink a 
Dram now and then with the Stage-coachmen in the way of Friendship and 
Intelligence; and I know that about this Time there will be Passengers upon 
the Western Road, who are worth speaking with.
  MACHEATH. I was to have been of that Party---but----
  MATT. But what, Sir?
  MACHEATH. Is there any Man who suspects my Courage?
  MATT. We have all been Witnesses of it.
  MACHEATH. My Honour and Truth to the Gang?
  MATT. I'll be answerable for it.
  MACHEATH. In the Division of our Booty, have I ever shewn the least Marks 
of Avarice or Injustice?
  MATT. By these Questions something seems to have ruffled you. Are any of 
us suspected?
  MACHEATH. I have a fixed Confidence, Gentlemen, in you all, as Men of 
Honour, as as such I value and respect you. Peachum is a Man that is useful 
to us.
  MATT. Is he about to play us any foul Play? I'll shoot him through the 
Head.
  MACHEATH. I beg you, Gentlemen, act with Conduct and Discretion. A Pistol 
is your last Resort.
  MATT. He knows nothing of this Meeting.
  MACHEATH. Business cannot go on without him. He is a Man who knows the 
World, and is a necessary Agent to us. We have had a slight Difference, and 
'till it is accomodated I shall be obliged to keep out of his way. Any 
private dispute of mine shall be of no ill consequence to my Friends. You 
must continue to act under his Direction, for the moment we break loose 
from him, our Gang is ruin'd.
  MATT. As a Bawd to a Whore, I grant you, he is to us of great 
Convenience.
  MACHEATH. Make him believe I have quitted the Gang, which I can never do 
but with Life. At our private Quarters I will continue to meet you. A Week 
or so will probably reconcile us.
  MATT. Your Instructions shall be observ'd. 'Tis now high time for us to 
repair to our several Duties; so 'till the Evening at our Quarters in Moor-
Fields we bid you farewell.
  MACHEATH. I shall wish myself with you. Success attend you. 
                                         [Sits down melancholy at the Table.
            Air XX.--March in Rinaldo, with Drums and Trumpets.
                                   MATT.
                   Let us take the Road.
                     Hark! I hear the Sound of Coaches!
                     The Hour of Attack approaches,
                   To your Arms, brave Boys, and load.
                   See the Ball I hold!
                     Let the Chymists toil like Asses,
                     Our Fire their Fire surpasses,
                   And turns all our Lead to Gold.
[The Gang, rang'd in the Front of the Stage, load their Pistols, and stick 
   them under their Girdles; then go off singing the first Part in Chorus.
                                  Scene 3.
                             MACHEATH, DRAWER.
  MACHEATH. What a Fool is a fond Wench! Polly is most confoundedly bit.--I 
love the Sex. And a Man who loves Money, might as well be contented with 
one Guinea, as I with one Woman. The Town perhaps have been as much obliged 
to me, for recruiting it with free-hearted Ladies, as to any Recruiting 
Officer in the Army. If it were not for us, and the other Gentlemen of the 
Sword, Drury-Lane would be uninhabited.
                Air XXI.--Would you have a young Virgin, &c.
                If the Heart of a Man is deprest with Cares,
                The Mist is dispell'd when a Woman appears;
                Like the Notes of a Fiddle, she sweetly, sweetly
                Raises the Spirits, and charms our Ears,
                  Roses and Lilies her Cheeks disclose,
                  But her ripe Lips are more sweet than those.
                             Press her,
                             Caress her,
                             With Blisses,
                             Her Kisses
                Dissolve us in Pleasure, and soft Repose.
I must have Women. There is nothing unbends the Mind like them. Money is 
not so strong a Cordial for the Time. Drawer.--[Enter Drawer.] Is the 
Porter gone for all the Ladies according to my Directions?
  DRAWER. I expect him back every Minute. But you know, Sir, you sent him 
as far as Hockley in the Hole for three of the Ladies, for one in Vinegar-
Yard and for the rest of them somewhere about Lewker's Lane. Sure 
some of them are below, for I hear the Bar-Bell. As they come I will show 
them up. Coming, Coming. 
                                  Scene 4.
MACHEATH, MRS. COAXER, DOLLY TRULL, MRS. VIXEN, BETTY DOXY, JENNY DIVER, 
    MRS. SLAMMEKIN, SUKY TAWDRY, and MOLLY BRAZEN.
  MACHEATH. Dear Mrs. Coaxer, you are welcome. You look charmingly to-day. 
I hope you don't want the Repairs of Quality, and lay on Paint.----Dolly 
Trull! kiss me, you Slut; are you as amorous as ever, Hussy? You are always 
so taken up with stealing Hearts, that you don't allow yourself Time to 
steal anything else.----Ah Dolly, thou wilt ever be a Coquette!----Mrs. 
Vixen, I'm yours, I always lov'd a Woman of Wit and Spirit; they make 
charming Mistresses, but plaguey Wives.----Betty Doxy! Come hither, Hussy. 
Do you drink as hard as ever? You had better stick to good wholesom Beer; 
for in troth, Betty, Strong-Waters will in time ruin your Constitution. 
You should leave those to your Betters.--What! and my pretty Jenny Diver 
too! As prim and demure as ever! There is not any Prude, though ever so 
high-bred, hath a more sanctify'd Look, with a more mischievous Heart. Ah! 
thou art a dear artful Hypocrite.----Mrs. Slammekin! as careless and 
genteel as ever! all you fine Ladies, who know your own Beauty, affect an 
Undress.----But see, here's Suky Tawdry come to contradict what I am 
saying. Everything she gets one way she lays out upon her Back. Why, Suky, 
you must keep at least a Dozen Talleymen. Molly Brazen! [She kisses 
him.] That's well done. I love a free-hearted Wench. Thou hast a most 
agreeable Assurance, Girl, and art as willing as a Turtle.---But hark! I 
hear Music. The Harper is at the Door. If Music be the Food of Love, play 
on. Ere you seat yourselves, Ladies, what think you of a Dance? Come in. 
[Enter Harper.] Play the French Tune, that Mrs. Slammekin was so fond of. 
  [A dance a la ronde in the French manner; near the end of it this Song 
    and Chorus.
                            Air XXII.--Cotillon.
                 Youth's the Season made for Joys,
                   Love is then our Duty,
                 She alone who that employs,
                   Well deserves her Beauty.
                     Let's be gay,
                     While we may,
                     Beauty's a Flower, despis'd in Decay,
                 Youth's the Season &c.
               
                 Let us drink and sport to-day,
                   Ours is not to-morrow.
                 Love with youth flies swift away,
                   Age is nought but Sorrow.
                     Dance and sing,
                     Time's on the Wing.
                     Life never knows the Return of Spring.
Chorus.         Let us drink, &c.
  MACHEATH. Now, pray Ladies, take your Places. Here Fellow. [Pays the 
Harper.] Bid the Drawer bring us more Wine. [Exit Harper.] If any of the 
Ladies choose Ginn, I hope they will be so free to call for it.
  JENNY. You look as if you meant me. Wine is strong enough for me. Indeed, 
Sir, I never drink Strong-Waters, but when I have the Cholic. I hope, Mrs. 
Coaxer, you have had good Success of late in your Visits among the 
Mercers.
  COAXER. We have so many interlopers----Yet with Industry, one may still 
have a little Picking. I carried a silver-flower'd Lutestring, and a Piece 
of black Padesoy to Mr. Peachum's Lock but last Week.
  VIXEN. There's Molly Brazen hath the Ogle of a Rattle-Snake. She rivetted 
a Linen-Draper's Eye so fast upon her, that he was nick'd of three Pieces of 
Cambric before he could look off.
  BRAZEN. Oh dear Madam! ----But sure nothing can come up to your handling 
of Laces! And then you have such a sweet deluding Tongue! To cheat a Man is 
nothing; but the Woman must have fine parts indeed who cheats a Woman.
  VIXEN. Lace, Madam, lies in a small Compass, and is of easy Conveyance. 
But you are apt, Madam, to think too well of your Friends.
  COAXER. If any Woman hath more Art than another, to be sure, 'tis Jenny 
Diver. Though her Fellow be never so agreeable, she can pick his Pocket as 
coolly, as if money were her only Pleasure. Now that is a Command of the 
Passions in a Woman!
  JENNY. I never go to the Tavern with a Man, but in the View of Business. I 
have other Hours, and other sorts of Men for my Pleasure. But had I your 
Address, Madam----
  MACHEATH. Have done with your Compliments, Ladies, and drink about: You 
are not so fond of me, Jenny, as you use to be.
  JENNY. 'Tis not convenient, Sir, to shew my Fondness among so many Rivals. 
'Tis your own Choice, and not the Warmth of my Inclination that will 
determine you.
                   AIR XXIII.--All in a misty Morning, &c.
                  Before the Barn-Door crowing,
                    The Cock by Hens attended,
                  His Eyes around him throwing,
                    Stands for awhile suspended.
                  Then one he singles from the Crew,
                    And cheers the happy Hen;
                  With how do you do, and how do you do, 
                    And how do you do again.
  MACHEATH. Ah Jenny! thou art a dear Slut.
  TRULL. Pray, Madam, were you ever in keeping?
  TAWDRY. I hope, Madam, I han't been so long upon the Town, but I have met 
with some good-fortune as well as my Neighbors.
  TRULL. Pardon me, Madam, I meant no harm by the Question; 'Twas only in 
the way of Conversation.
  TAWDRY. Indeed, Madam, if I had not been a Fool, I might have liv'd very 
handsomely with my last Friend. But upon his missing five Guineas, he turn'd 
me off. Now I never suspected he had counted them.
  SLAMMEKIN. Who do you look upon, Madam, as your best sort of Keepers? 
  TRULL. That, Madam, is thereafter as they be.
  SLAMMEKIN. I, Madam, was once kept by a Jew; and bating their 
Religion, to Women they are a good sort of People. 
  TAWDRY. Now for my Part, I own I like an old Fellow: For we always make 
them pay for what they can't do.
  VIXEN. A spruce Prentice, let me tell you Ladies, is no ill thing, they 
bleed freely. I have sent at least two or three Dozen of them in my time to 
the Plantations.
  JENNY. But to be sure, Sir, with so much Good-fortune as you have had upon 
the Road, you must be grown immensely rich.
  MACHEATH. The Road, indeed, hath done me Justice, but the Gaming-Table 
hath been my Ruin.
           AIR XXIV.--When once I lay with another Man's Wife, &c.
                                   JENNY.
               The Gamesters and Lawyers are Jugglers alike,
                 If they meddle, your all is in Danger.
                 Like Gypsies, if once they can finger a Souse,
               Your Pockets they pick, and they pilfer your House
                 And give your Estate to a Stranger.
A Man of Courage should never put any thing to the Risque but his Life. 
These are the Tools of a Man of Honour. Cards and Dice are fit only for 
cowardly Cheats, who prey upon their Friends.
                        [She takes up his Pistol. Tawdry takes up the other.
  TAWDRY. This, Sir, is fitter for your Hand. Besides your loss of Money, 
'tis a loss to the Ladies. Gaming takes you off from Women. How fond could I 
be of you! But before Company 'tis ill bred.
  MACHEATH. Wanton Hussies!
  JENNY. I must and will have a Kiss to give my Wine a Zest.
  [They take him about the Neck and make signs to Peachum and 
    Constables, who rush in upon him.
                                  Scene 5.
                      To them, PEACHUM and Constables.
  PEACHUM. I seize you, Sir, as my Prisoner.
  MACHEATH. Was this well done, Jenny?----Women are Decoy Ducks; who can 
trust them! Beasts, Jades, Jilts, Harpies, Furies, Whores!
  PEACHUM. Your Case, Mr. MACHEATH, is not particular. The greatest Heroes 
have been ruin'd by Women. But, to do them Justice, I must own they are a 
pretty sort of Creatures, if we could trust them. You must now, Sir, take 
your Leave of the Ladies, and if they have a mind to make you a Visit, they 
will be sure to find you at home. This Gentleman, Ladies, lodges in Newgate. 
Constables, wait upon the Captain to his Lodgings. 
            Air XXV.--When first I laid Siege to my Chloris, &c.
                                  MACHEATH.
               At the Tree I shall suffer with Pleasure,
               At the Tree I shall suffer with Pleasure,
                 Let me go where I will,
                 In all kinds of Ill,
               I shall find no such Furies as these are.
  PEACHUM. Ladies, I'll take care the Reckoning shall be discharg'd.
                        [Exit Macheath, guarded with Peachum and Constables.
                                  Scene 6.
                              The Women remain.
  VIXEN. Look ye, Mrs. Jemmy, though Mr. Peachum may have made a private 
Bargain with you and Suky Tawdry for betraying the Captain, as we were all 
assisting, we ought all to share alike.
  COAXER. I think Mr. Peachum, after so long an Acquaintance, might have 
trusted me as well as Jenny Diver.
  SLAMMEKIN. I am sure at least three Men of his hanging, and in a Year's 
time too, (if he did me Justice) should be set down to my Account.
  TRULL. Mrs. Slammekin, that is not fair. For you know one of them was 
taken in Bed with me.
  JENNY. As far as a Bowl of Punch or a Treat, I believe Mrs. Suky will join 
with me.----As for anything else, Ladies, you cannot in Conscience expect 
  SLAMMEKIN. Dear Madam----
  TRULL. I would not for the World----
  SLAMMEKIN. 'Tis impossible for me----
  TRULL. As I hope to be sav'd, Madam----
  SLAMMEKIN. Nay then, I must stay here all night----
  TRULL. Since you command me.                     [Exeunt with great Ceremony.
                              Scene 7, Newgate.
                   LOCKIT, Turnkeys, MACHEATH, Constables.
  LOCKIT. Noble Captain, you are welcome. You have not been a Lodger of mine 
this Year and a half. You know the Custom, Sir. Garnish, Captain, Garnish. 
Hand me down those Fetters there.
  MACHEATH. Those, Mr. Lockit, seem to be the heaviest of the whole Set. 
With your Leave, I should like the further Pair better.
  LOCKIT. Look ye, Captain, we know what is fittest for our Prisoners. When 
a Gentlemen uses me with Civility, I always do the best I can to please 
him.----Hand them down I say. We have them of all Prices, from one Guinea to 
ten, and 'tis fitting every Gentleman should please himself.
  MACHEATH. I understand you, Sir. [Gives Money.] The fees here are so many, 
and so exorbitant, that few Fortunes can bear the Expense, of getting off 
handsomely, or of dying like a Gentleman.
  LOCKIT. Those, I see, will fit the Captain better--Take down the further 
Pair. Do but examine them, Sir.--Never was better work.----How genteely they 
are made!----They will fit as easy as a Glove, and the nicest Man in England 
might not be asham'd to wear them. [He puts on the Chains.] If I had the 
best Gentleman in the Land in my Custody. I could not equip him more 
handsomely. And so, Sir--I now leave you to your private Meditations.
                                  Scene 8.
                                  MACHEATH.
           AIR XXVI.--Courtiers, Courtiers, think it no Harm, &c.
               Man may escape from Rope and Gun;
               Nay, some have outliv'd the Doctor's Pill;
               Who takes a Woman must be undone,
                 That Basilisk is sure to kill.
               The Fly that sips the Treacle is lost in the Sweets,
               So he that tastes Woman, Woman, Woman,
                   He that tastes Woman, ruin meets.
To what a woful Plight have I brought myself! Here must I (all Day long, 
'till I am hang'd) be confin'd to hear the Reproaches of a Wench who lays 
her Ruin at my Door----I am in the Custody of her Father, and to be sure, if 
he knows of the matter, I shall have a fine time on't betwixt this and my 
Execution.----But I promis'd the Wench Marriage----What signifies a Promise 
to a Woman? Does not Man in Marriage itself promise a hundred things that he 
never means to perform? Do all we can, Women will believe us; for they look 
upon a Promise as an Excuse for following their own Inclinations.----But 
here comes Lucy, and I cannot get from her.----Wou'd I were deaf!
                                  Scene 9.
                               MACHEATH, LUCY.
  LUCY. You base Man you,----how can you look me in the Face after what hath 
passed between us?----See here, perfidious Wretch, how I am forc'd to bear 
about the Load of Infamy you have laid upon me----O Macheath! thou hast 
robb'd me of my Quiet----to see thee tortur'd would give me Pleasure.
               Air XXVII.--A lovely Lass to a Friar came, &c.
               Thus when a good Huswife sees a Rat
                 In her Trap in the Morning taken,
               With Pleasure her Heart goes pit-a-pat,
                 In Revenge for her loss of Bacon.
                   Then she throws him
                   To the Dog or Cat
                 To be worried, crush'd and shaken.
  MACHEATH. Have you no Bowels, no Tenderness, my dear Lucy, to see a 
Husband in these Circumstances?
  LUCY. A Husband!
  MACHEATH. In ev'ry Respect but the Form, and that, my Dear, may be said 
over us at any time.----Friends should not insist upon Ceremonies. From a 
Man of Honour, his Word is as good as his Bond.
  LUCY. 'Tis the Pleasure of all you fine Men to insult the Women you have 
ruin'd.
               Air XXVIII.'Twas when the Sea was roaring, &c.
                    How cruel are the Traitors,
                      Who lye and swear in jest,
                    To cheat unguarded Creatures,
                      Of Virtue, Fame, and Rest!
                    Whoever steals a Shilling,
                      Through shame the Guilt conceals:
                    In Love the perjur'd Villain
                      With boasts the Theft reveals.
  MACHEATH. The very first Opportunity, my Dear, (have but Patience) 
you shall be my Wife in whatever manner you please.
  LUCY. Insinuating Monster! And so you think I know nothing of the Affair 
of Miss Polly Peachum.----I could tear thy Eyes out!
  MACHEATH. Sure, Lucy, you can't be such a fool as to be jealous of Polly!
  LUCY. Are you not married to her, you Brute, you.
  MACHEATH. Married! Very good. The Wench gives it out only to vex thee, and 
to ruin me in thy good Opinion. 'Tis true, I go the House; I chat with the 
Girl, I kiss her, I say a thousand things to her (as all Gentlemen do) that 
mean nothing, to divert myself; and now the silly Jade hath set it about 
that I am married to her, to let me know what she would be at. Indeed, my 
dear Lucy, these violent Passions may be of ill Consequence to a Woman in 
your Condition.
  LUCY. Come, come, Captain, for all your Assurance, you know that Miss 
Polly hath put it out of your Power to do me the Justice you promis'd me.
  MACHEATH.A jealous Woman believes everything her Passion suggests. To 
convince you of my Sincerity, if we can find the Ordinary, I shall have no 
Scruples of making you my Wife; and I know the Consequences of having two at 
a time.
  LUCY. That you are only to be hang'd, and so get rid of them both.
  MACHEATH. I am ready, my dear Lucy, to give you Satisfaction----If you 
think there is any in Marriage.----What can a Man of Honour say more?
  LUCY. So then, it seems, you are not married to Miss Polly.
  MACHEATH. You know, Lucy, the Girl is prodigiously conceited. No Man can 
say a civil thing to her but (like other fine Ladies) her Vanity makes her 
think he's her own for ever and ever.
             Air. XXIX.--The Sun had loos'd his weary Teams &c.
               The first time at the Looking-glass
                 The Mother sets her Daughter,
               The Image strikes the smiling Lass
                 With self-love ever after,
               Each time she looks, she, fonder grown,
                 Thinks ev'ry Charm grows stronger.
               But alas, vain Maid, all eyes but your own
                 Can see you are not younger.
When Women consider their own Beauties, they are all alike unreasonable in 
their Demands; for they expect their Lovers should like them as long as they 
like themselves.
  LUCY. Yonder is my Father----perhaps this way we may light upon the 
Ordinary, who shall try if you will be as good as your Word.----For I long 
to be made an honest Woman.
                                  Scene 10.
                    PEACHUM, LOCKIT with an Account-Book.
  LOCKIT. In this last Affair, Brother Peachum, we are agreed. You have 
consented to go halves in Macheath.
  PEACHUM. We shall never fall out about an Execution----But as to that 
Article, pray how stands our last Year's Account?
  LOCKIT. If you will run your Eye over it, you'll find 'tis fair and 
clearly stated.
  PEACHUM. This long Arrear of the Government is very hard upon us! Can 
it be expected that we would hang our Acquaintance for nothing, when our 
Betters will hardly save theirs without being paid for it. Unless the 
People in Employment pay better, I promise them for the future, I shall let 
other Rogues live besides their own. 
  LOCKIT. Perhaps, Brother, they are afraid these Matters may be carried too 
far. We are treated by them with Contempt, as if our Profession were not 
reputable.
  PEACHUM. In one respect indeed our Employment may be reckon'd dishonest, 
because, like great Statesmen, we encourage those who betray their Friends.
  LOCKIT. Such Language, Brother, any where else, might turn to your 
Prejudice. Learn to be more guarded, I beg you.
                       AIR XXX.--How happy are we, &c.
