	"Next time, don't fuck with Nestroth, Dave" came a quiet but stern 
female voice from the doorway; the type that could be sweet if it didn't 
send a shiver down your spine, but would scare the hell out of you if 
caught in a dark alley on Halloween.  
	Dave tried looking past his pursuer.  He knew that voice, he knew 
it from somewhere.  Nestroth gave him a hint, but there was no match.  
Not with that female voice.  It just sounded so familiar, but then again it 
didn't.  He just couldn't place it.  He had run into Nestroth a few times 
trying to break a few systems, but he'd never tangled with them, at least 
not to his knowledge.  Every time he had run into them, they either 
kicked him out or he got out himself.  He knew Nestroth was not one to be 
messed with, anywhere.  Anyone who did normally either was found 
dead or never found.  That didn't help Dave's thinking as he stared at his 
victor with only the thought of death running around in his head.  'If 
only I could think of what got me into this in the first place' Dave 
thought to himself, hoping for a chance to get out of it one way or the 
other.
	A hand slapped against the left shoulder of the overcoat.  Slowly 
and with enough coolness to chill ice, he moved to one side of the 
doorway without losing sight of his prey.  Blue and red streaks of light 
shined in from the neon streetlights through the opposing windows, 
leaving less to be hidden in the not-so-well kept apartment.  A few 
computer screens flickered and with the outside light, showed the 
mounds of electronics and scrap papers lying all over the small room.  
An athletically slender female figure covered only with a skintight body 
suit and a pair of stainless steel spiked heels, entered the room with the 
finesse and grace of a cat, and noticeably the cunning of one as well.  
Her slender body left little to the imagination as she snaked towards 
Dave.  Shiny metallic nail polish glistened on her fingertips in the 
sporadic changing lights.  Her footsteps made no noise as her spiked 
heels sank into the thick carpet and almost pierced through the material 
underneath.  Her bodysuit was mostly black with the exception of a dark 
red artistic line running across the main body of it, creating fading 
curls of color along an arm and the opposite leg.  Her hair matched the 
entire outfit; dark and slightly long, but not touching her shoulders.
	"Stand up shithead" she hissed walking to within inches of his 
pale face.
	"I..I...I can't.  My leg.." he whimpered.
	"Just do it or I'll have Nemesis stand you up whether you like it or 
not!"
	Remembering his encounter a few moments ago with 'Nemesis', 
he painfully began to bring himself up to a hunched over position, still 
holding his leg in pain.  He looked near her fearing the consequences of 
eye contact.  Blood trickled from his left leg and stained his business 
pants as he favored the other leg; the polymetal needles still sticking out 
of his leg.
	"Last night will be the last time you go after Cryon, Dave.  Do we 
understand each other?"
	"I didn't go against Cryon last night, honest I didn't" he sputtered 
back.  Sweat beads were forming on his head as her hot breath touched 
his face, while she pushed her face within an inch of his.
	"Don't bullshit me Dave.  Nestroth ran into you last night while 
going against Cryon and you fucked us up!  Don't make me..".
	"I haven't run into Nestroth in weeks and that was only an 
accident, really.  I don't want any trouble with Nestroth.  Come on, 
they're too big for me" he shakingly replied.  "Hell, I don't even know 
you guys.  That's how long it's been since I....".
	Backing away from his face, she retracted a set of 4 inch claws 
that lay at her waistside which had gone unnoticed until now.  Her 
eyebrows still in a devilish frown.  Her breathing still calm.  Her lips 
tight with fury, contrary to Dave's sweating, pale face.  A dark red stain 
was forming on his white shirt where Nemesis had punched him earlier.
	Raising her hand, "You may call me Slash" was her only reply as 
her claws extended to a solid 7 inches, and left his head lying next to his 
crumpled body as the blue light shined off the blood dripping from her 
otherwise spotless weapon of choice.  The only sound was a distant 
humming from the changing neon lights, and a grinning Nemesis.
			Cool Darkness
				by Matthew Carpenter
		Chapter 2 : Welcome to the Jungle
	"Enter Password" spit the computer controlled lock of a small 
warehouse on the other side of town; the dirty side of town.  Trash lay all 
around the alleyway and the light blowing smog that seems to inhabit 
the entire city rolled by, bring papers and dust with it.  Slash entered the 
neural code embedded into Nestroth's security ROM chip, implanted into 
her skull, and took her security card back as the graffitied, grayish 
metal alley door unlocked.  She walking in just as smoothly as she had 
done entering Dave's apartment, with Nemesis behind her shutting the 
door with the echoing thud of a vault.
	The semi-lit corridor weaved to the right a little bit.  The corridor 
was surrounded by old wooden crates piled on metal warehouse frames 
slightly beginning to rust from the humidity of the city air.  A metal 
catwalk lingered just above Nemesis' head as they walked into the open 
meeting room of Nestroth.  This was one of there meeting places.  One 
that was used after the fact.  The whole warehouse was only 50 by 50 feet, 
but it was perfect for their purposes:  small enough to be unnoticed; 
large enough to be useful.  There was a bar on the opposing wall from 
the entrance.  A pool table, a few TV's, a bar and a stereo made up the 
majority of the hall while the computer links and weapon banks were 
closest to the left wall.  Everything a person could want after a job, while 
still maintaining some security to the place.  A glance around from Slash 
produced a few scanners locked on them, verifying who's who.  A guard 
armed appropriately watched from the right catwalk that continued 
around the entire warehouse.  Dressed in normal street clothes, he raised 
his gloved right hand as a sign of hello to Slash.  She slightly nodded 
hello and continued looking around.
	A few desks were scattered around the room with paperwork, 
blueprints and other 'necessities' on top or laid out on built in desk 
monitors.  A medium sized man with an open white jacket, yellow shirt 
and nice slacks looked to be jacked in at one of the desks in a lounge 
chair.  The only thing was there was no cable.  A metal band with 
blinking LEDs wrapped around the back of his head connecting his two 
ports, but weren't connected to anything else.  His eyes blinked and he 
raised his head from his propped up arms to notice the two.  A few lights 
flashed on and off on his headgear and he raised his right arm to the 
back of it.  A few seconds later, the two sides of the device connected to 
his ports popped off and he placed the gear down onto the table.  A small 
stretch and a wipe of the eyes and he stood up reaching for the beer in 
front of him.
	Slash walked towards him as she noticed out of the corner of her 
eye, Nemesis going to a sofa on the far side of the room to throw his 
jacket down.  
	"So what did you bring me?" he asked, not changing his blank 
expression.
	"Merry Christmas , Nebulus" Slash retorted in a painfully sly tone 
of voice and a slight grin as she pulled Dave's head out of the black bag 
she was holding.
	"Not bad.  What else did you bring me?" Nebulus asked raising an 
eyebrow, taking another drink without removing his eyes from her.
	"The last time he said he ran into us was a few weeks ago" she said 
dropping his head into the disposal system next to the desk without a 
thought or a look.  "He denied going after Cryon last night.  He died with 
his story in tact so either he was one devoted liar, or he was too scared to 
make up a fake story.  In any case, we've got copies of his records for the
past two months including his work on the international nets and his
individual activities around the sites."
	Nemesis had put his coat down and returned to the discussion.  
Standing about half a foot over Nebulus, his body was highlighted from 
the lighting array suspended from the ceiling by chains.  His skin was 
very dark brown with tints of gray that seemed even darker behind 
Nebulus' white jacket.  His black tank top showed off his large muscles 
that had obviously been enhanced through drugs.  His black hair was cut 
in a spiked military fashion and he still wore his shades, even though 
the lighting inside wasn't that illuminating.
	"Or else he was there and tried to make us believe he wasn't.  You 
should've pulled more info out of him before you killed him.  Now we 
don't know what's going on" retorted Nebulus.  He slouched back into his 
padded chair and enabled the foot rest.  He closed his eyes, running his 
hand through his military style blond hair only to let out of a frustrated 
sigh that was meant to be heard.  He leaned back with his eyes closed as 
the other two members of the group who had been at the bar the whole 
time, came up to the table.
	"Hey kids, how's it goin'?  Did you and Davey-boy have fun 
tonight or what."  It was Zlik.  Slash hated his humor, especially when it 
wasn't in taste.  He walked closer to her side egging her on with his 
cock-eyed smirking that drove her nuts.  "Come on, tell old Zlik what 
happened baby."
	"Knock it off Zlik.  Why don't you take you and your filthy street 
'garb' somewhere where I can't smell it." darted Slash, eyeing him with 
one of those 'Don't push me looks'.  "We got enough problems without 
your nonsense."  Zlik was from the streets and probably will always be 
there as well.  He grew up there, hangs there now, and will forever have 
a name with those who have long purple hair that hangs to one side.
	"Goddamn skinny son of a .." murmured Slash.
	"Cool it children" snapped Nebulus, opening his eyes and 
furrowing his brow again.  "Jack, what do we have on the nets for the 
past few hours from Dave's area?"
	"Nothing to my knowledge.  The whole sector's been quiet since 
he got off" replied Jack in a gentlemen's voice, standing next to Nemesis.  
Actually, he stood underneath Nemesis.  He was very short and stocky, in 
fact he was getting on the fat side.  That's the problem with netrunning 
all day and all night.  Jack was the type of individual who got so hooked 
into the system that if he had his choice, he would never get out.  Unless 
of course he had to.  But that was never.  That's how he got his name, 
Jack.  Constantly jacking in and out of the nets, only to get back in as 
soon as possible.  He gambles with everything he gets into and most of 
the time, if and when rarely caught, he barely makes it out without 
being traced or ICEd.  But that's how he wanted to run his life:  on the 
edge, at least from the perception of the net.
	"Get me updated on Cryon ASAP, Jack, and make sure they're not 
screwing around with our side of the board!" demanded Nebulus.
	"Sure thing boss" replied Jack, still in his business shirt, business 
appearance, and business attitude.  Hey slowly walked away from the 
group and reached another desk a little distance away from the informal 
meeting.  He picked up the same headgear as Nebulus had and put it on, 
eventually peering off into space, or cyberspace as the case may be.
	"What the hell is that thing he's got on his head?" questioned 
Slash, a little perturbed that she hadn't been updated on the new tech 
yet.
	"It's an experimental wireless connect between your ports and a 
jack in site.  But like I said, it's only experimental, so it doesn't leave this 
room" explained Nebulus, calming down slightly.  "We stole the idea and 
some of the design from Cryon.  The rest came from industry with the 
holes filled in by Jack and his tech buddies at Nortech."
	"He's still working there?" asked Zlik, wising up a bit.  The party 
began to disperse, each individual going there own way.  "Awe screw it 
man" snobbed Zlik heading for the corridor leading to the alleyway.  The 
metal door slammed shut once he was out and the room was dead quiet 
with the exception of the echoing metallic slam of the door.  Everyone 
that wasn't jacked in was still looking at the corridor that Zlik just 
walked through.
	"When the hell is he going to get a life and stop being a street 
bum!?" complained Slash.
	"He's one of the best street informants I've ever known, Slash.  
Just get off his back" grumbled a low, direct voice.
	She turned around, looking at Nemesis who never had a lot to say.  
"Is that so.  Then why does he always dress like he's still on the streets?"
	"Because he is."  With that Nemesis grabbed his coat from the sofa 
and proceeded to follow Zlik's exit, never loosing sight of Slash.
***************
	"Don't let her get to you man, she's just bein' a bitch tonight 
cause we didn't get what we wanted from Dave" said Nemesis after 
catching up to Zlik.  His shades were still on even though it was 
approaching two in the morning.  The two of them walked for a while 
and finally made it to the noisy part of town.  The bars and joints 
stretched for a few blocks and never shut down as long as it was dark 
outside.  This was the night spot; where everyone came who was anyone, 
at four in the morning that is.
	"So what happened with the job with Dave?" asked Zlik.
	"We took him out well, but Nebulus wasn't impressed with the info 
we got from him.  I think Nebulus thinks someone's out for us.  Hell, it 
wouldn't surprise me, that's for sure."
	"At least it would make life interesting for once."
	"True."  They walked side by side down the sidewalk towards there 
favorite spot - Black Oil.  The only place on the strip that was almost 
pitch black dark inside and that served the hardest drinks, only.  It was a 
nice place.  The bar was always packed and the back rooms always full.  
It was mostly inhabited by deckers, samurai, informants or people just 
there for business.  Frankly, the bar wasn't even built to be a bar, but 
that never surfaced in conversation.
	Zlik was almost as tall as Nemesis, but a hell of a lot skinnier.  His 
tattered street clothes, long purple hair and terrible street accent set 
him apart from his companion.  A little harassment from the local girls 
and a few psychos that were missing more than a couple of brain cells 
made the trip seem normal.  The streets were cluttered with garbage and 
debris from the riots a few days ago.  Most of the street lights were out or 
on there way to go out.  Most of the cars on the streets had a few bumps 
or bruises, many having broken windows or shattered lights.  The alleys 
were filled with drunken street people sitting in the wall crevices and 
dealers making their nightly pay.  It might be the summer, but for some 
reason the night was a little cooler than normal.
	Before long, the Black Oil neon sign was a few doors down.  A 
small crowd had formed out front of the closed doors of the place with 
people just hangin' out.  A little pushing and shoving and the two got 
past the crowd of people who wanted to look cool by the bar, but didn't 
want to go in.
	Past the doors, the bar was dark as night.  Smoke filled the air and 
seemed to hover like a cloud just above people's heads.  There was just 
about enough room to walk around the place without hugging each 
other in the process.  A pool table could be spotted across the room in the 
far right corner from the foyer landing where Nemesis and Zlik stood 
side by side, each looking around for someone or something.  Most of the 
people here were dressed to kill.  The styles ranged from very slick to 
very sleazy, but all with the intent to intimidate.  The bar was centered 
in the middle of the place, raised a step above the floor to make it a little 
more formidable for stools.  It was nice, though, compared to the others 
in town.  All the walls were old fashioned wood with paintings and 
electronic art scattered around.  At least there was no graffiti on the 
inside of the joint.  Looking around produced a second floor of mostly 
wooden tables surrounding the outside walls of the place.  Round 
hanging pool lights hung from the ceiling with most of the lights either 
broken or turned off.
	Zlik started down the half flight of stairs without noting Nemesis' 
intentions for the evening.  But that was his style.  He grew up on this 
side of town, was one of the first to come to the bar when it was first 
opened, and will probably be one of those who are killed in it as well.  
Nemesis watched him slowly push his way toward the far side of the bar 
and begin talking with a few friends that normally were found here 
after midnight.  Nemesis, on the other hand, slowly made his way to the 
opposite side to watch a game of pool before going to the bar for a drink.
	"So what's new on the streets" questioned the guy slowly 
drinking a Toxic Rum next to Zlik, his long bleached hair almost 
touching the tip of the glass during each sip.
	"Depends on what side of the tracks you're from."
	"The down side."
	"Cryon is on the move again and no one knows what's going on."
	"I thought they weren't screwing around on the nets yet?  Last I 
heard, they weren't going after any company takeovers or anything" he 
said with a concerned yet questionable tone of voice, still just looking at 
his shot.
	"Their RAD just jumped and their in the market.  Nestroth's 
chasin' the rabbit so make sure the field is clear" noted Zlik.  He hated 
discussing names in company, but that was life on the streets.  "How's 
you're girl friend?"
	"Which one?" he asked in disgust.
	"Charles."
	"Watch your back.  Deckers are out tonight and it's gonna be a 
while until sex is as good as it used to be."
	"Who's spreading the disease?"
	"Mogul's back."  Spotting an old girl friend across the room, Zlik 
got up from the bar and began his way towards her, noting his friend 
with only a tap on the bar before leaving.  Information and friends are 
two different things when it comes to who's chasing who.  Anyway, most 
of the 'friends' that you make in a place like this can't be trusted further 
than the shot they drink from.
	'Mogul is back' thought Zlik on his way across the bar.  'This is 
not good.  The last time they were back proved to be a challenge in more 
ways than just survival.  Mogul was one of those groups that just looked 
for conflicts with other groups.  Nestroth normally didn't mind 
competition when going after a company or something like that, but 
when a gang gets involved with business, business gets bloody.'
	"Hey sexy!  How's it goin'!?"  yelled Zlik.
	"Well if it isn't Zlik.  I haven't seen you here for a while.  Where 
the hell you been hiddin' out lately?" replied Shiela.
	"I've been around.  You sure look awful different since we went 
out last year.  So who you datin' now babe?"  Her black leather clad body 
and curly-long, dyed black hair contrasted to her old street image of 
baggy pants and oversized shirts.  Her face was even more pale now.  Her 
appearance almost was of the dead instead of who he remembered her to 
	"Nobody special.  He's right here."  She turned around and pulled 
on the shoulder of a large man standing behind her talking with a small 
bunch of guys dressed in the same black leather attire.  He turned 
around to face Zlik.  "I told you he'd be here honey" she said looking 
directly into Zlik's eyes with a devil's grin only Glasya could wear.
	"So this is the mighty Zlik of Nestroth!" he said taking a step 
closer and shoving his glass into Shiela's hand.  "Don't tell me you've 
come back for seconds with her MATE!"  He might be a little drunk, but 
he was definitely pissing Zlik off with his attitude; one of the few things 
which Zlik didn't tolerate.
	"Where the fuck did you pick him up Shiela!?  Pirates Are Us or 
Assholes Anonymous!!!?" attacked Zlik with his irate attitude aimed 
directly at Shiela.
	"Good-bye Zlik" was her only monotone reply as her grin turned 
sour and she retreated towards the bar, walking behind her man.
	"Oh, fine, walk off with a nice good-bye babe!  Hey, don't forget 
your beer belly bozo here bitch!" yelled Zlik not moving from his 
position.  His attack was still muffled by the crowd around them.  No one 
paid any attention to quarrels like that, anymore.
	Giving a daring glare in her direction, his neck was violently 
grabbed by Shiela's lover.  
	"She picked me up at Mogul, you shitty piece of street slime.  How 
do you feel about that, Dick!?"  Zlik's eyebrow's raised instantly at the 
thought of what he was in now, just in time for a double sided dagger to 
be thrust into his stomach by his adversary.  His mouth dropped open 
and his eyes shut from the pain.  His body almost being totally supported 
by the hand still clenching his neck, making his breathing more 
difficult.  The knife twisted in his side and his brow furrowed more until 
all he could do is scream out in pain.  The crowd around him began to 
notice the action, but it was too late.  His back began to arch and his 
knees started bending slowly as the life drained out of his body, staining 
his shirt, and began to form a reflective puddle on the floor underneath 
him.
	"MOGULLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!" screamed Zlik, thrusting his right 
elbow outward.  An old fashioned quick release snubnose appeared in his 
palm and directed itself towards the chest of his killer.  Four shots were 
fired before his body crumpled to the bloody wooden floor, his right arm 
sticking straight upward with the gun still resting in his palm.  He was 
soon followed by his killer to the floor.  His leather armor lined jacket 
not enough against good old Teflon II coated ammunition, bringing him 
down nearly on top of Zlik.  Their blood staining each other's body.  The 
crowd going silent momentarily to see who was involved this night 
while the bartender called the cops, then resuming with the normal 
discussions of the evening.  Another night, another death.  Pretty 
normal for nighttime in Philly, or any major city for that matter.
	Shiela slowly made her way to the entrance and existed alone, 
mingling with a few others who didn't want to be around when the cops 
showed up to collect the bodies.  Nemesis, too far away to do anything but 
watch his friend die, and hear the gunshots at the last moment, kept and 
eye on her and followed her out of the establishment.  He'd met her a few 
times before, but never really got to know her.  He never really liked 
her in the first place.  Trusted would probably be a better word.  Now he 
knew why.  Mogul on the other hand meant something, something very 
serious.  Mogul was a gang that ran a last year and tried terrorizing 
certain underground groups.  Nestroth was one of the groups that 
brought them down.  Unfortunately, they didn't wipe them out 
completely.
	Shiela began down the strip and soon turned into a known 
alleyway.  Nemesis followed, cautiously surveying his position.  He 
started into the alley, but she was already gone.  Impossible.  The alley is 
too long and he was too close to lose her that fast.  He didn't like it.  He 
didn't like it one bit.  A few more meters in and he stopped, switching his 
cybernetic retina implants from night vision to thermal infra-red 
sensing.  He walked a few more meters with his jacket loosely buttoned.  
He finally stopped completely and looked around.  As he looked up he 
caught a glimpse of part of a person who must have been peering out of 
a window from above.  More likely sighting him in, which he confirmed 
with another retina switch to ultraviolet reflective, picking up the faint 
outlines of a needler rifle.
	"Nice try, Nemesis" came a voice that echoed through the alley.  It 
was Shiela all right.  Nothing mistaking that slyish voice.  He turned 
around, obviously out of position.  Two men, however, were between him 
and the streets, and the alley behind him meant dealing with his 
airborne sniper.  His right hand slowly snaked towards his jacket.
	"Don't even think about it asshole."  The two men in front of him 
took out their weapons, pinning him in.  "You go back to Nestroth and 
tell them we're back, Nemesis.  And, by the way, give Nebulus this 
message!?"  Two needler shots were fired from above into his shoulder.  
He immediately sank to the ground and crashed into a trash bin, holding 
his 'injured' shoulder.  "You take that to Nebulus!"
	The two men in the alley put their weapons away as they made 
their way back to the streets.  Nemesis lay there for a few minutes until 
he judged the situation as relatively safe to move.  He removed the 
needles from his jacket, simulating their penetration and induced pain.  
He walked out holding his shoulder.  He walked out without his friend.  
Heading back, passed the bar, gave him only one thought: Mogul is back 
and Cryon is on the move.  What the hell is going on?
			Cool Darkness
				by Matthew Carpenter
	Chapter 3 : The Finer Things in Life...Just Got Worse
	"And here is the room where the hunter/killers will be operating 
from, General.  Each station will house one person and the collective will 
send necessary information to the GN-12 over there" pointed a research 
engineer for Cryon who was showing General Stark the first labs that 
would be used in Operation Revolt:  a joint military/government 
operation headed by members of the CIA, NSA, and USAF Electronic 
Security Command.  Behind the glassed in walls of the studio-like lab, the 
tour of the labs had come to an end for one of the leading officials in the 
implementation of the operation, as well as the leading researchers, 
programmers and engineers of Cryon and Nortech.  General Stark 
standing out by being the only one not in a normal suit with visible 
hardware and ports.
	"Very impressive, Dr. Rudenburg, very impressive." spoke 
General Stark looking at the GN-12 comp.  "Just how fast is that computer 
and will it give us instantaneous time to react if a priority is at hand?"
	"It's a 10 teraflops machine packaged in a secured housing that 
will be able to handle hundreds of users without slowing down a bit.  The 
computer has been programmed specifically to handle that type of a 
situation, should it arise.  With the latest advances made by Nortech in 
the human/computer interface field, the computer will be an extension 
of everyone working in the nets as well as off them.  The operation will 
begin as scheduled in two weeks.  You can be assured of that!" he stated 
with a grin as if he had sealed a done deal.  "If you come this way, we can 
move onto the final discussion of the networking reorder program and 
how we will integrate each level of defense as the time arises."
	The glass panels they were behind separated them from the most 
diabolical security system ever created by man.  Each station consisting 
of a 'coffin' where men would be connected into the computers and nets 
24 hours a day kept alive with a revolutionary new life support system.  
The General stood there for a last glimpse of the entire project.  His 
decorated chest rose and fell deeply with every deep breath.  'The 
teraflops computers.  The neural links.  The net connections and security 
systems.  So it all comes down to this.' the General thought to himself 
giving the place a once over, then moving on without a change of facial 
expression.  
	"So this project will enable us to monitor all of the Milnet sites 
and government linkup locations at any given time from anywhere, 
right?"
	"Exactly.  The hunter/killers will be spread out over the nets and 
gateways, constantly monitoring and tracking any conspicuous netters 
or runners as the case may be.  All the info will be processed here and 
we will be able build case files on perpetrators, or eliminate them if the 
risk is too high."
	"Sounds good to me.  We're practically fightin' a war on the nets 
as it is with all the netrunnin' that's been goin' on in the past few years.  
It's about goddamn time we got the hardware on our side to stop these 
punks" said the General.  His brow was more furrowed than before, 
remembering the numerous break-ins into his department alone over 
the past five years.  "Goddamn kids" he quietly spoke to himself, looking 
ahead with great anticipation for this project.  'Just wait until we fry 
'em' he smirked.
******************
	A few days later, a bare-chested dark-skinned bodybuilder was 
curling more weight than normal in front of a mirror at the local gym.  
A 'fake' medical bandage was taped to his left shoulder, giving him an 
incentive to pump more iron.  His biceps bulged every time the curl bar 
was lifted above waist level.  'I'm gonna kill Mogul, 18.  Kill Mogul, 19.  
Kill Mogul, 20.'  "Goddamn!" he said putting the bar back on its bench and 
flexing in front of the mirror.  He looked over himself with confidence.  
A full four hour workout finished again.  'Lookin' hot man, lookin' hot.'  
A cool sweat covered most of his unclothed body.  His spandex shorts 
noticeably wet as well.  He looked over his sculptured grayish tanned 
muscles until his gaze made it to his shades.  The dark purplish reflection 
in the mirror of his glasses spawned a frowning brow from Nemesis.  
'More muscles, more killing power!'  He picked the bar back up and 
curled another 10 reps, just to let the thought sink in, real deep, still 
counting by how many times he was going to kill Mogul.  He looked back 
at the mirror, breathing a little heavier than before.  His eyebrows now 
making a "V" shape in his forehead.  'That's it!  It's personal now, Mogul!  
You're MINE!'  
	He swiftly grabbed his bag and headed out the front of the gym 
into the warm summer afternoon.  His workout might be over, but his 
adrenaline was running high at the moment.  Flashbacks of Zlik and him 
being together for the first time.  Hitting the bars, scamming 
information, working with Nestroth.  Then the memory of the bar came 
back to him.  He saw the pain going through his friend's face.  He saw 
him stare death square in the face and then take his revenge before 
letting death take him.  And then, the only thought that entered his head 
was of Sheila.  "BITCH!"
	"Hey, Nemesis!"  A slap on the chest broke him from his day 
dreaming.  "Hey, man, you there today!?" asked Nebulus, catching him on 
his way down the street.
	"What do you want!?  I thought you never came out in daylight?" 
retaliated Nemesis.
	"Hey, calm down.  I was just coming up to see you in the gym and 
work out for a little while."
	"Then why are you in clothes that normally aren't seen outside of 
a club?"
	"OK, so I wasn't going to work out.  I was going to watch you" 
Nebulus said with a grin.  "Come on, let's get outta here.  My car's right 
over here."  They walked together towards the car, but Nemesis stopped a 
few steps away.  The whole thing was still eating him away, and Sheila 
was still in his head.
	"I don't think so; I'm really not in the mood right now, Nebulus."
	"Look, I know you're upset about what happened to Zlik, we all 
are, but there's work to do."
	"I don't care about work right now, damn it!  All I care about is 
taking Mogul down once and for all and NOW!" yelled Nemesis, becoming 
more furious by the moment.
	"Look asshole, I don't give a shit about how you feel or what you 
want to do!  There's work to do and I need you in one piece.  Now get you 
fuckin' ass in my goddamn car before I slice that rinkly stomach of 
yours open!" Nebulus retaliated pulling out a double sided rigid blade.
	The two just looked at each other for a second or two.  Finally, 
Nemesis moved towards the car, shouldering into Nebulus just to get a 
little frustration out on his way to grabbing the door.  Nebulus moved out 
of the way slightly, but ran the blade against Nemesis' stomach anyways.  
Nemesis just opened the door, loudly threw his bag in the back and 
slammed the door shut, letting his built-up anger go up in smoke.  
'Goddamn son of a bitch' he thought to himself as Nebulus got in the car 
and started driving away from the curb.
	"Didn't hurt a bit I bet, did it?" asked a frustrated Nebulus.
	"No."
	"How many layers of that shit have you put in you now...what are 
you up to four, five, twenty one or so..?" kidded Nebulus.
	Nemesis smirked.  His anger obviously starting to fade with the 
thought of his friend's humor.  "Only four.  Anymore would make it look 
unnatural.  And it's not shit, it's reinforced synthetic skin."
	"Unnatural.  You're only the one person in my life that I've ever 
seen with gray skin.  And a bodybuilder at that.  I thought you never put 
anything into your body that wouldn't help you grow muscles?"
	"It doesn't go into me; it's just sewn on the top five or so layers of 
skin."
	"Great.  A bodybuilder that has four layers of reinforced Kevlar 
Type II skin sewn into his skin so he's not only stronger than everyone 
else, he also has skin that's tougher than an alligator's."  The trip was 
silenced from then on by Nemesis' straight face and Nebulus' concern 
for what was going on with the nets.  Reality came back too quickly.  
Turning towards the west side of the city, Nemesis could tell that they 
were going to Nebulus' apartment.
	'What the fuck are we going to his house for?' Nemesis asked 
himself looking around.  The surrounding buildings, annoying traffic 
and light smog offered no answer.  Soon the apartment complex was up 
ahead.  Solar collectors sat atop the six story box shaped complex, soaking 
up as much sun from the hot day as possible.  An underground parking 
garage door swung open as the car passed the entrance into the 
driveway, allowing them access to Nebulus' traditional parking spot:  
directly opposite of the door on the far end of the garage.  Nemesis 
grabbed his bag and the two went up to the third floor apartment, 
getting in with the standard code key card.  The gray polymetal door 
swung open and the two entered the foyer.  Thick light colored carpet 
covered the floor of the spacious apartment.  Nemesis walked into the 
living room directly in front of him and looked out the full window at 
the nearby city.  'Pretty sad' he thought to himself, putting his bag down 
on a nearby sofa.  Nebulus followed and sat down, turning the TV on.
	"So what the hell are we doing here anyways?" demanded 
Nemesis, still staring out the window.
	"The others will be here soon enough.  Like I said, there's work to 
be done."
	"Then why don't you tell me just what the fuck is going on then, 
if it's so goddamn important!?" he retaliated spinning around to face 
Nebulus.  Nebulus sat there for a moment, still watching TV.  The volume 
was low enough it might as well have been off.  The spokesperson from 
ESPN was finishing a remote assignment to California on the discussion 
of the new steroids, the ones that had no physical or mental side effects.  
	"So, are you going to start taking the new steroids to help 
improve your strength?  I heard they can't hurt you at all." Nebulus said 
still watching TV.  Without receiving a reply, he turned to face Nemesis 
who was still waiting for an answer.  "All right.  Jack got word today 
from one of his friends in Nortech that said that Operation Revolt was 
scheduled to begin in two weeks."
	That hit a soft spot in Nemesis' pissed off mood.  'Two weeks.  Holy 
shit.  I didn't think they were going to be ready for at least a few more 
months.'  His mood switched from anger to passive worry, convincing 
him that sitting down was a good idea after all.  'How the fuck did they 
get that far ahead without our knowledge?'
	Nebulus went back to watching ESPN's coverage of body building 
which quickly grasped part of his companion's attention as well.  Within 
fifteen minutes, the program was nearing it's end when a message from 
the front panel sounded  "There is a visitor at the front door."  Nebulus 
got up and turned on the video monitor which vividly showed Slash and 
Jack.  
	"Who is it?" he asked anyways monotonely.
	"Open up, Nebulus." came back Slash's cool voice.
	"Lookin' good Slash."  He verified their presence with another 
window on the wall panel, displaying the thermal image of two people 
standing in the hallway outside his apartment door, taken from a sensor 
array strategically placed outside his room.  The door opened, and the two 
entered the room.
	"Don't you wish." said Slash as she walked past Nebulus in her 
civilian attire:  short heels, stockings that almost showed under a short 
summer skirt,  and a tight sleeveless top.  Jack followed her in, looking 
very concerned with the present state of affairs.  Being an employee of a 
company that his 'computer group' was about to attack and disable, put 
him in a very bad, not to mention stressful position.  The door slid shut 
behind him and locked with an advanced security lock that also included 
locking out telecom messages.
	Jack put himself in his normal office chair that sat at the near 
side of the couch, placed there just for him.  Normally it was used as a 
foot rest or end table, but Jack always sat in office chairs, no matter 
where he was.  Slash made her way to the cushy chair on the far side of 
the room that was within arms reach of Nemesis' side of the sofa.
	"I'm really sorry about Zlik, Nemesis.  I want you to know that." 
said Slash in a very sincere tone of voice.
	Nemesis gave her his thank you look and quickly moved to face 
Nebulus who was sitting back down on the sofa to address the group in 
one of their most important meetings of the year.
	"Thank you all for coming on such short notice.  I hope this 
hasn't complicated your jobs, but like I said, this is very important.  
Yesterday, Jack came to me with a very important message a friend at 
work had given to him involving Cryon's initiative, Operation Revolt.  
Jack, would you please brief the group on that matter?"
	"I received the following message from one of my contacts who 
keeps me informed on information with this project.  As you know, we 
were going after the project just for the capabilities to stay online 24 
hours a day.  But this changes things completely.  The message says:
		1-     OR to take over nets.  Hunter/killer
		group to use LSS to keep punks off nets.
		MIL/GOV//MIL/GOV/unknown-deadly     -3
	The reason why this changes everything are the hunter/killer 
groups and the involvement of the government and military.  This is one 
of the first times that the government and military have gone after 
totally securing the nets.  To begin with it will be applied to the 
government and military nets, but I think it will eventually spread to 
even the simplest network interface on the local level, purposely 
designed to keep unauthorized personnel out, period.  They are playing 
for keeps this time.  I think the answer to the question about why has 
Cryon been going after other companies and mil sites is right here as 
well.  They've been breaking into places left and right as a testing 
ground for what they can do and how effective their system is.  We've 
been watching the whole damn project run it's prototypes and beta tests 
all along.  The people that were in the tests are the ones we will be up 
against when the game begins, if this project succeeds in starting on 
time."  He ran his hand through his thinning hair.  His shirt collar was 
long unbuttoned and his tie loose.  "This puts me in one awkward 
position, but that's why I got with you guys in the first place.  This 
project will essentially shut down the nets from the outside, and I can't 
see anyway of getting around it."
	"Yea, but they can't KILL you.  I mean, all they can do is find out 
who you are and where you're getting in from.  That's old news I 
thought." attacked Slash.  She knew her way around net tech and was 
pretty up to date on the present state of it, but what she hated the most 
was not being informed on what was out there and this put a noticeable 
hitch in her tone.
	"With the new system, there's no telling what they can do.  They 
could decide not to attack you, trace you back to your deck.  From there 
they could get every bit of information on you without you knowing it.  
Set bugs.  Implant viruses.  Build cases about you.  Contact others to see if 
you have any weaknesses.  Destroy your personal file and plant a virus 
to destroy every copy of it you launch.  Who knows.  These guys are 
playing hardball and they're playing for keeps!"
	The room was completely silent with the exception of a thousand 
thoughts of concern coming from each person sitting there.
	"Well, I guess this means that Mogul is on the back burner" 
sighed Nemesis, folding his hands together in his lap.  A few grins 
appeared quickly looking to relieve the stress of the room.
	"We need a plan of attack to begin with" said Slash slouching 
back in her chair, allowing the bottoms of her stocking to show without 
concern.  Nemesis was the first to notice and the only one to stare, 
unnoticed of course.  His CRI's zoomed in on one area, trying to get a 
closer picture.  'Business is business, but pleasure is pleasure' he thought 
to himself.  He never could grasp cyberspace that well and couldn't 
concentrate on it that much since he had never jacked in before and 
probably never would.
	"Fine.  First:  Jack, you need to keep gathering as much info as 
possible from the nets and from work.  We need to know what we're 
going up against and when.  Second:  Slash, I need you to assess Cryon's 
security.  Work with your security company to get into the place and see 
what you can dig up.  Third:  Nemesis, I need you to resecure all of our 
sites, systems, apartments and personal gear.  I want to be ready for 
anything that hits us, either from Cryon or Mogul.  Also I need you to be 
our street info man.  There probably isn't much on the streets now, but I 
want to get as much of a jump on this as possible.  Also, keep a close eye 
on Mogul.  Keep them out of range, but don't overextend yourself without 
backup, and only under extreme circumstances.  Cryon takes priority 
until further notice.  Meanwhile, I will make contact with some of the 
higher ups I know and will converge all info to you all.  Keep all 
information pertaining to this thing as secret as possible.  Don't use the 
nets at all and make sure you're not being tracked!"
	The meeting soon broke up, each person going their individual 
way.  There was nothing more that really needed to be said, or could be 
said.  They needed more information and without it were dead in the 
water.  Nebulus walked back to the large window in the living room and 
looked out at the city below.  It was getting late in the afternoon, but 
work was just beginning.  'So they've finally come up with a way to shut 
us out, huh.  So it's all come to this.  And if ICE weren't enough.  Now I 
have to combat another person on the net who is playing Mr. Security 
Officer, standing between me and my objective.  That is, if they ever get 
into the nets!  That's it.  We'll have to kill the project before it even 
becomes operational!'
***************
	Five days had passed and the group was together once again, this 
time to compare information.  If nothing else, they were all more 
worried and more intense with every move they made.  Here was a 
technology and a capability so revolutionary in the field of computer 
security that it could wipe out the majority of cracking that goes on 
within any and all nets.
	The four sat around one of the tables in the back room at Hot 
Kicks, a private club owned by Nebulus on the better side of town.  It was 
an almost middle class joint, if there was a middle class any more.  If 
there was it was called surviving with a little more.  The joint was classy.  
It was where all the sophisticated people went who wanted to see live 
nude dancing and strippers that wouldn't make you vomit.  There was 
both male and female entertainment as well as artwork, decks, 
holographics, laser shows and live or holographic music.  It was a 
hangout for artsy types, social groupies, or horny people.  The room they 
were in was behind all the glitter and glamour of the place.  It was the 
business area of the joint.
	"Well, I guess I'll be the one to start things" spoke Jack, eagerly 
wanting the meeting to begin so that he could get as much of a jump on 
the project as possible.  Being the netrunner of the group, he needed as 
much prep time as possible, and the most info as well.  "The project is 
still scheduled to start on time in nine days.  The beta testing that has 
been going on over the past four months, has included over 25 
businesses, 20 military installations, and 10 government sites.  Successful 
cracks were made in all cases and successful defense routines were 
completed without problems.  The people who will be in the nets will be 
on life support for one month at a time.  They will be receiving fluids, 
muscle stimuli and other necessities while in the nets.  They will be 
connecting into the nets through a large comp that I suspect is a 
supercomputer, but have not yet confirmed.  With this type of computing 
power, they will be able to bring a lot of software into the nets with them 
and will be able to be monitored from outside, while still maintaining 
contact with the others in the nets.  ICE could never touch the killing 
power that this could produce" Jack finished with a seriously straight 
face.
	"Cryon's physical security is very tight.  My security firm is 
presently supporting ten positions within the company, none of which 
are located near this project.  Security systems and facility maps are 
located within the main system there, and should be breakable without 
much trouble, once you get past the outer systems.  I can arrange to have 
two of our special tactics team help us with the break in.  They're 
specifically trained for this sort of thing and we have no records of them 
at all."
	"Yea, but can they be trusted?" darted Jack, obviously feeling the 
pressure of breaking into a place this big, and going against an 
operation of this magnitude.
	"My people are loyal to me.  As long as we keep them from the 
truth and don't have them go all the way in, we should be ok.  In any 
case, they are expendable if problems arise.  Are there any other 
questions?" challenged Slash.  She wouldn't have come up with the idea 
if she didn't think it weren't safe, and she hated people who attacked her 
judgments.
	"All right.....Nemesis" called Nebulus, keeping the meeting in 
order.
	"All security systems and meeting places have been tested, 
verified and put on maximum alert sequences.  If anything even comes 
close to messin' with our stuff, it'll be eliminated.  The word on the street 
is nothin'.  This project is the quietest one I've ever heard of.  Nobody's 
even heard of it yet.  Mogul is still around, but they don't seem to be 
movin' anytime in the next few days.  They're mainly getting contacts 
and settin' up sites.  All personal gear has been maintained and weapon 
banks are in full, working condition.  They'll be ready when the time 
comes to jump."
	"Last but not least, the big guys will be comin' into town on the 
day the project is implemented.  Hotel reservations were made months 
ago and security teams have been assigned from the normal companies.  
I scrounged some extra cash in case we needed anything to further our 
chances of survival.  This one's gonna be the big hit for this year, that's 
for sure" said Nebulus moving to the front of his chair and putting his 
arms down on the table.
	"What is that supposed to mean?" asked Slash.
	"We are going to attack this project before it can be implemented 
and we're gonna go into Cryon to do it."
	"Are you nuts!?  There's no fuckin' way we can attack from 
within Cryon!" bitched Jack, standing up to contest the whole plan.
	"If we let them into the nets, we're dead.  They win, we loose.  
They will be more powerful than ICE ever could think of being.  You 
should know that, Jack" Nebulus retaliated disgustingly as if talking to a 
high school punk that never learned to think with an open mind.  
	'Great.  He's already starting to crack and the fun hasn't even 
begun' thought Slash looking disappointingly at Jack.
	Nebulus got up from his seat and walked over to Jack, who had 
walked away from the table to unbutton his shirt even more.  Slash and 
Nemesis looked at each other with that 'Oh, great' look, knowing each 
other couldn't wait for the action.
	Nebulus put his hands in his baggy pants pockets as he stood next 
to Jack.  "Look.  I know you're in a really bad position if anything goes 
wrong.  But you're in it with us and you know you want to go through 
with it.  Just relax and take an anti-stress pill and calm down.  I need you 
in one piece to pull this off from the inside or we're not going 
anywhere."  He walked away knowing that Jack wouldn't let him down.  
Every now and then when they did something big, Jack was the one to 
get nervous.  He was great on the nets and could crack more than most, 
but his nerves were made of shit until the actual time came to work.
	"So where's my woman, Nebulus?" asked Nemesis jokingly.
	"Julia is downstairs waitin' for ya' in the dressin' room."  
	"Julia this time, huh."  Since the meeting was essentially over, 
Nemesis decided to go play, leaving the group behind to drink or do 
whatever they wanted to.
	"How pathetic" mumbled Slash as her combative partner left the 
room.  He paid no attention to her comment, as usual.
				Cool Darkness
					by Matthew Carpenter
			Chapter 4 : Pawn to Rook 4
	"How the hell do you expect me to come up with that kind of 
security information by tomorrow morning?  There's got to be a dozen or 
more hard locks on that place, not to mention getting around ICE" 
complained Jack, trying to make Nebulus understand the tight security 
at Cryon.
	"Jack, take a chill pill.  So it'll take a few more hours than normal.  
Just get it done as soon as possible.  We need as much info as possible so 
we can pull this off."
	"And what if we can't?  Why the hell is getting this stuff off line 
so important anyways?  It's not like we're trying to protect every 
netrunner in the country."  Nebulus dropped a few tablets on the desk 
the two were sitting at.  Jack watched them rolled around on a pile of 
computer paper until they spun around and stopped toward one edge.  By 
the time Jack looked up at Nebulus, he had already walked away, 
thinking about something else.  To Nebulus, nothing was impossible.  It 
was just a matter of coming up the right plan of attack.
	"Shit" mumbled Jack to himself, picking up the two pills.  
'Probably only iron tablets' he thought putting them in his mouth and 
downing them with the Coke sitting on his desk.  'Everything must be 
duplicated.  All security systems must be located and analyzed.  Personnel 
and schedules must be analyzed.  What a fuckin' bitch!'  He jacked back 
into Cryon gathering the last bit of information that was necessary to 
invade as he always called it.
	A few hours later, the group was together once again for last 
checks on the plan of attack.  The meeting place was the same warehouse 
that Nemesis and Slash had gone to after taking out Dave.  Kind of ironic 
since it is usually a place to go after the fact.  It quaintly went along with 
Nebulus' ego, though.  Good for dealing in the black markets; bad for 
dealing with friends.  But then again, they all did live on the edge just 
for that rush of adrenaline.  For Nemesis, that was his drug of choice.
	"So are we gonna go in and tear this place up or what" Nemesis 
said loudly sitting down at the large meeting table that was probably 
designed to be a stretch dining room table.  It had been refinished and 
had a monitor array placed into it so that it took up most of the table face.  
He placed his combat boots up on the table and faced the head of the table 
where Nebulus sat.
	"Pig" joked Slash, sitting across from him.
	"So who are your friends, Slash?" asked Nemesis, gathering a 
straight face, ready for business.
	Slash turned to her right where one of her two 'friends' were 
seated.  He was dressed in almost all black leather, with a black hair cut 
resembling Nemesis' with a gold earring to top it off with style.  "This is 
Aberdon.  And she is Donna" pointed Slash, looking at her other friend 
who was sitting next to Nemesis who noted her long stocking-clad legs.  
Her miniskirt and skimpy top left little to the imagination and much to 
be desired, at least as far as Nemesis was concerned, who was becoming 
aroused as his eyes caressed her legs very slowly.
	"And what do you do for a living" he smirked eyeing her over his 
shoulder, getting as much of a lookover as he could get away with.
	"Looks like I'll be coverin' your ass macho man" she replied with 
a nasty tone of voice, never letting her intimidating facial expression 
change.
	He laughed.  He laughed sarcastically loud.  "So where do we stand 
on info?" he said dropping his bullshit like a mercury weight.
	"We've got most of the blueprints for the place in question 
including security and surveillance systems, piping and electrical, and 
nets.  Security schedules are being analyzed by the comps still and tap in 
sites are being assessed as to hard connects" came back Jack who sat at 
the other head of the table.  He touched the table screen a few times and 
a general blueprint of the main floor and grounds came into view.  "This 
is the general layout of the place, he said adding mini windows of the 
basement levels.  The target site is on the absolute bottom floor of the 
building, and it's pretty heavily guarded and secured.  It's going to take a 
lot to get to it" he said with a little worry.  He was getting used to the 
situation and finally excited about the job, but still slightly intimidated 
with the size of the operation.  It was the largest job he'd ever done and it 
was one of the few that involved both people on the nets and in the 
physical objective site.
	"Piece of cake" confidently spoke up Aberdon.
	"Yea?  So how would you attack it!?" attacked Slash.  Nebulus sunk 
a little deeper in his chair, awaiting this test.
	"Once the electronics are secure, a team will go in the rear 
security zone by entering this loading zone, here" he said pointed to a 
grid on the monitor.  "From there, one of us will take over that physical 
security site to control the area.  From there, whoever's runnin' will lead 
the group through checkpoints by disarming systems and allowing them 
to enter secured sectors.  Any guards can be removed by our new 
security guard and diverted temporarily.  Then it's just a matter of 
pullin' things together.  Piece of cake."
	"Not bad...not bad" spoke Nebulus, sitting back up in his chair.  
"Almost like we had talked about earlier."  Putting his elbows on the 
table, he glanced over the prints one more time.  The room was silent.  
All eyes were on Nebulus since he had the final say on the plan.  He stood 
up and took off his jacket, placing it on the back of the chair.
	"But it won't work.  The security layout would never get you past 
the main gate.  Cryon doesn't accept night deliveries.  No one goes in or 
out after dark, period" said Jack, standing his ground against a plan as 
simple as that.  "So the question is, how do we get to the dock without 
being noticed at all."
	"Sewer system.  It's the oldest trick in the book, but I bet you it 
would work" said Nemesis.
	"Don't be stupid.  A company like that isn't dumb enough to leave 
their pipes clear" snapped Slash, expecting more from an experienced 
front man.
	"Yea, but all the outside pipes aren't connected to the inside pipes.  
They're all for rain, not sewage.  Look.  There's not one connection from 
the building pipes to the outside pipes.  In fact, it looks like all the inner 
pipes go down to the basement and out the bottom of the structure 
through smaller pipes into an underground piping system I would guess.  
There's a man hole near the docks that I bet connects to the city sewers" 
pondered Jack, getting more intrigued with the possibilities of actually 
pulling this stunt off.
	"Check it out.  Make sure they're clean and that the pipes are 
large enough for men with equipment to get through.  If it is, we'll go 
with it.  I had a similar idea to the one proposed.  I'll pose as a guard and 
help the team get through each level of security.  Nemesis, get me a wish 
list of equipment to get the job done.  Then you and Aberdon get the stuff 
ready.  Slash, you and Donna look over every micron of this plan and 
make sure it works.  Make detailed notes on everything we will need to 
know about this place.  Jack, continue working on info and breaking 
systems.  Also, get the ROMS ready to write to with the info Slash gives 
you.  Meanwhile, I'll get some party favors.  Aberdon and Donna, you are 
staying with us until this is over, understand!"  commanded Nebulus.  
This was it.  If there were any questions, now was the time to bring it up.  
Once the plan was set, it was set.  There were no objections.
	August 21.  Friday, early morning.  The humid air hung stagnate 
outside the metal door of a warehouse in the shipping district.  Launch 
Site 13 as it was called.  All missions were started here.  This one was just 
bigger than most.  Usually, it was mainly netrunning to get information.  
This time it involved flesh and blood almost more than fiber optic cables.  
Nemesis stood outside the door waiting for the rest to arrive.  He looked at 
his watch.  '3:49.  One minute to go' he thought.  A lone docking light far 
away painted a soft, white brush stroke of light across his bare chest and 
the warehouse behind him.  'Forty seconds to go.'
	The dull hum of a van came from around the far side of the 
warehouse, moving slowly along the gravel drive.  The headlights were 
turned off as the garage size door of the warehouse began to open, 
spilling an ambient light onto the gravel.  Nemesis opened the personnel 
door behind him and walked through closing it behind him and locking 
it.  The black beaten up van crept past the open garage to turn around 
and enter backwards.  The garage door began to close as Nemesis walked 
up to the back of the van and opened the doors with a sharp creaking.  
The gang was here.  
	"Right on time" he said.
	"Time to party" said Slash being the first to get out of the crowded 
van.  Everyone in the back were sitting on A3 cases that were unloaded 
first by Nemesis and Aberdon.  Stacking them sideways to each other, 
Nebulus brought the pass card up, giving the privilege to Donna who 
aggressively ran it through the bar reader of the first one she came to.  
The green light on the handle block went on and an internal lock 
disengaged with a soft pop.  She opened it up and everyone looked in.
	"My, my, aren't we gonna have fun tonight" glowed Slash looking 
at the case full of explosives.  
	"C4-type II, IRAPM's, concussion bombs, hand grenades, 
hey....where's my grenade launcher?" joked Nemesis looking at Nebulus.
	"Look in case two.  Each one of you has a personal case that is 
openable with that card.  Everything you need is in there.  Merry 
Christmas kids."
	"How much did this cost you anyways?" asked Slash with a grin.
	"After I told them why we were going in, they practically gave it 
to me just to secure their other investments.  To answer your question, 
no you can't keep it" he replied with a grin that stretched from ear to 
ear.
	The transformation began.  Everyone began getting their clothes 
on and their body armor secured.  All of the smiles had left by the time 
4:00 AM rolled around.  Weapons were checked and rechecked.  
Ammunition and explosives were properly attached and weapons slung.  
Jack had already disappeared into the basement of the place; a secret 
room under the floor where the master comps were located.  The comps 
sucked power directly from the power station that was not more than a 
quarter mile away.  That way the general power loss could be attributed 
to humidity or any other stupid, unexplainable phenomenon.
	"On line in one minute!" yelled Nebulus from his makeup case.  
Everyone was already ready, checking each other over.  Nebulus jacked 
in quickly checking on Jack's status.
	"On line!"
	The four got side by side.  The seriousness and concentration 
hung in the air almost as thick as the humidity.  Beads of sweat had 
formed on every one's forehead.  Foot steps were heard from the far side 
of the warehouse and Jack soon appeared out of the homemade wooden 
office, heading towards the group.  
	"Are you ready?" questioned Nebulus.
	"Comps are set.  Once you get in, you'll have less than 10 minutes 
to complete the job, which in this case is plenty of time.  One minute to 
secure the desk.  Two minutes to get to subbasement 4.  One minute for 
diversions and gaining access.  Three minutes for setting the bombs and 
getting out.  That leaves you with one minute to blow the place and two to 
get out" said Jack.
	"And that's worse case scenario, right?" asked Nebulus, hinting 
that Jack was underestimating their abilities.
	"Yeah.  In reality, you'll probably do it in half that time, so just 
keep me informed of where you are and everything will go OK.  I'll be 
able to track you anyways, so don't worry too much."
	"All right.  See you in a few then."
	"Good luck, and if everything goes wrong, I'll just blow the net if 
I can.  That way, any system assignment will be destroyed."
	"Good deal.  Lets get going" said Nebulus looking back at his 
group.  Dressed in solid black from head to toe stood the attack team.  
Expanded honeycomb titanium armor plated Spectra 3000 body armor 
hugged every curve of their bodies, protecting them from most 
firepower out today.  Explosives and equipment was strategically secured 
to the armor for quick, but easy use.  After a quick checkover, they took 
their seats in the back of the van with Nebulus navigating and Donna 
driving.  It took twenty minutes to get there.  The corporation had a 
large complex just outside of city limits.  An old apartment complex had 
been renovated and made into an employees park which housed 
thousands of people.  The six story concrete apartments stood above a not 
so beautiful street that had it's fair share of crime, vandalism and street 
gangs.  The van was parked in an alley just out of site of the complex.
	"Comms on.  Mic check" said Nemesis. Everyone donned their 
small headset/mic.  Nebulus had a lapel mike with a single ear speaker 
that had been placed under the fake skin of his disguise that finished the 
security officer uniform he wore under his wet suit.
	"One."  "Two."  "Three."  "Four."  "Five." the group replied in order.
	"Sounding good everyone.  Jack, check in" came back Nebulus.
	The line was dead for a second.  "God here.  RYLAC."
	"How can he hear us?" asked Donna looking over at Nebulus.
	"He wrote a program to interface his deck with a comm system.  It 
shows up as a two-way speaker in his environment.  Sync watches on 
4:56 on five, four, three, two, one, mark."  Watches were synced.  
"Injection time people."  Each person, including Nemesis, took out a small 
packet that contained three vials with needles.  Nemesis took out the first 
vial which contained a clear liquid and injected himself with the 
adrenalizer, designed as a short term super steroid with little side effects.  
The first needle was placed back and the second vial was injected in the 
same area of the arm.  This one was a sense and reflex enhancer 
designed by the military.  It would give them better combat reflexes 
when they needed it.  This was followed by a third injection of a pain 
killer.  It was designed to not activate until a large amount of pain was 
inflicted, then it just temporarily deadened the area's nerve system.  
Designer drugs, designed for combat.  Perfect for terrorist raids.
	"5:00.  Time to go people" said Nebulus fastening his wet suit shut.  
Face masks were put on, covering everything but their eyes, and 
equipment and weapons were gathered.  The five exited the van silently 
and moved over the man hole located a few feet from the van.  A quick 
jimmy with a bar and the lid slid over with a low screech.  A quick look 
