hand, anteing him up as my mentor. I would have to put 
up with him as long as he had things to show meQif, 
indeed, he had anything left to showQand accommodate 
myself to his blasphemous behavior. Life for me was 
now rich with beautiful experiences, and to make the 
most of these many precious moments, I would have to 
take control of my learning. Fritz was only in the way.
"Can you follow my reasoning when I say to you that I 
did not want to charge willy-nilly into these experiences, 
but rather savor each one of them individually? That my 
experiences and sensations as a RADAR Ranger were too 
exquisite to be wasted?"
"Yes," replied the mountain biker with conviction. "What 
you're describing sounds like being in love, sir."
"Yes," beamed the RADAR Ranger, "like being in love. 
An incomparable feeling, and I just couldn't understand 
how a person could misuse and waste these feelings. 
Then Fritz unknowingly showed me how I could 
continue my learningQmy lovingQwithout offending 
my sensibilities. He was squinting into the distance, 
peering at a dim object on the highway too tiny for me to 
identify. Before I could ask him what had caught his 
attention, Fritz moved as if a blur into his patrol car and 
sped onto the highway. Within moments I saw him and 
the tiny object pull over to the roadside. Without 
question, he had spotted a speeder, given chase, and was 
now issuing the citation. Swift and without mercy. I 
thought no more of it I at least, I put it out of my mind 
until Fritz returned a few minutes later. A disgusted, 
almost disquieted expression creased the corners of his 
angry mouth.
" 'I don't like it at all, not at all,' he said as he squirmed 
out from behind his steering wheel. "You've taken up so 
much of my time with your babbling and nonsense today, 
I had no other choice.'
" 'No other choice about what?' I asked bewildered.
" 'You saw what I had to do, or are you telling me that 
you couldn't even manage to follow that with your new 
senses? My God, Gordon. I have to issue citations every 
day, too. I'm as energized as you are by the rush of the 
chase and the bringing down of law breakers. The larger 
the cubic inch displacement, the greater the horsepower 
of the offender, the more energy flows into us. You felt 
that yourself just now when you wrote up those five 
motorhomes. What I just did was to maintain my status 
quo, to keep my numbers up. Believe me, it wasn't a 
pleasure. I barely got the slightest charge from it.'
" 'What the devil are you mumbling about?' I forced out 
in agitation.
" 'That damned motorcyclist,' an annoyed Fritz replied. 
'Wasn't even one of those big, four-stroke bikes. A little 
250 cc machine. I'm surprised he was able to break 55. 
Not much energy transference there, but it counts on the 
old score card nonetheless.'
" 'You mean, then, that we can survive on issuing 
citations to motorcycles?' I was excited because I felt no 
moral repulsion bringing down motorcycles. I mean, after 
all, motorcycles aren't the same as passenger vehicles, 
motorhomes, or big rigs. Motorcycles posed far less of a 
moral dilemma for me than the other vehicles, you see.
" 'Oh sure,' responded Fritz, 'but who wants to do it. In 
the scheme of things, it's quite trivial. Pretty petty, 
actually. If you want to get real petty, though, you might 
as well ticket bicycles. You can always find them riding 
on the highways illegally, pedalling through residential 
stop signs, sometimes even breaking the speed limit 
coasting down steep hills. Real food for a man of action 
like yourself, Gordon!'
"Bicycles, huh?" queried the mountain biker rather 
sheepishly.
But the RADAR Ranger ignored the cyclist's apparent 
concern and continued his story. "Fritz was laughing 
heartily at the image of me bringing down two wheelers, 
but, for the first time, I wasn't frustrated by his cynicism. 
Motorcycles and bicycles would be my salvation I my 
ticket to a Disneyland of fresh, new experiences.
"While these images occupied my thoughts, Fritz 
continued on with his ceaseless bantering. 'Gordon,' he 
was saying, 'there's still so much you don't know. Two 
tickets to the same law breaker at the same time can be 
your end. But do you know the other ways you can harm 
yourself? And causing harm to your person with so many 
experiences yet to come would be such a shame, wouldn't 
" 'Surely there must be other RADAR Rangers who can 
instruct me,' I said. 'You can't be the only RADAR 
Ranger in the world. Someone had to teach the ways of 
RADAR to you.'
" 'And whose crystal ball are you going to use to find 
these other RADAR Rangers, Gordon? Without question, 
they'll see your insubstantial form coming, but you're not 
going to see them.' Saying that, Fritz moved his hands so 
quickly as to make them nearly invisible, taking the 
badge off my shirt and holding its shiny surface under my 
disbelieving eyes. 'No, Gordon, I'm your teacher and 
you're my student. In that you don't have a choice. Now, 
enough of this foolish chatter. Let's get some sleep. We'll 
use the back of my car; it'll be more secure for us that 
way. When we awake in the morning, we'll be all that 
much closer to upholding the law.'
" 'No, Fritz,' I calmly replied. 'You sleep in your own 
vehicle and I'll sleep in mine.'
"He became instantly furious. 'Don't be stupid, Gordon. 
We're safer if we sleep in the same vehicle, better 
security that way. And I' he went on to list scores of 
reasons, none of which I considered or let persuade me. 
He might as well have been talking to his Venola forged 
blower pistons. I watched him as he raved on, a mental 
scarecrow of a man, stuffed with spindly reasoning and 
inferior ethics.
"With his hateful words streaming at my departing back, 
I climbed into the front of my cruiser under the dimly lit 
night sky, reached over the front seat, and pulled the back 
seat up and then out to reveal my own Lycra (TM)-lined 
sleep space. I slipped easily into it, my state-issue boots 
grazing the back wall of the dark trunk.' The ranger fell 
silent now.
"And that's how you became a RADAR Ranger, sir?" the 
mountain biker asked, more from a desire to dispel the 
unease that was gripping him than from any deep seated 
curiosity.
"Yes, that's how I became a RADAR Ranger."
"You were partner to a RADAR Ranger you disliked 
greatly," said the mountain biker after a long silence.
"Yes, I disliked him immensely, but I had to remain with 
him. I mean, he had me at a tremendous disadvantage. He 
was always insinuating that there were many important 
things I didn't knowQthings critical to my continued 
well-being. But when I look back at our existence 
together, I realize that the things he taught me were quite 
commonplace and mundane, things that I could figure out 
for myself. How to get an accurate speed reading with the 
K-15 RADAR gun when the vehicle crossed its beam at 
right angles, how to adjust the gun's tuning fork myself 
rather than loosing precious time sending it to a licensed 
adjusterQthings of this sort.
"During our time together, he constantly berated me for 
my impassioned attachment to things sensuous, my dis-
ease bringing down high-powered vehicles, and my way 
of expressing the joy I felt while issuing citations for 
moving violations. When I learned and conveyed 
amazement that off-the-shelf RADAR detectors had no 
effect on my modified Ford Mustang cruiser, he 
convulsed into fits of laughter. Holding his quivering 
belly with trembling hands, he'd roll over and over on the 
floor, bellowing out his amusement.
"He'd ridicule me, too, when I questioned him about good 
and evil, about the devil. 'The devil!' he'd shout. 'What 
have I got to worry about? I am the devil!' And that 
horrible laughter would start up again. At first he terrified 
me, as I think you've gathered by now, but as time 
passed, I developed a detached fascination for him, for all 
things really. I'd find myself sitting for hours in the 
Mustang thinking sadly about Fritz' shallow character, 
about the lives of the drivers who passed me in their 
insulated, smog-proofed vehicles, about life before 
RADAR. I marveled over all things great and small with 
detachmentQa detachment that I believe is an inherent 
part of a RADAR Ranger's nature. It was this profound 
detachment, at least, that allowed me to continue living in 
a world with people of lesser actionQpeople whose 
natures I couldn't entirely separate myself from.
"We shared the world with them, but we didn't participate 
fully in all its nuances. Material need, for example; we 
didn't have any. Twice a month, state-issue paychecks 
would appear in the post office box Fritz had rented on 
Fourth Street in downtown San Rafael. Early in my 
relationship with Fritz I had ceased to perform my 
regular duties on the force, but I was never called in and 
questioned about my behavior. And the checks continued 
to arrive at our P.O. box. It was like driving the Mustang: 
I was there, I had substance, but no one noticed or ever 
tried to interfere with the actions I was taking. And the 
speeding citations we issued over all those years I not 
once did either of us ever receive a summons to traffic 
court to confront the speeders we had cited. Our tickets 
went undisputed. It was as if the courts were there to 
justify our actions, to lend legal credibility.
Marin
"Ahhh, but let me tell you about Marin and how simple 
our lives were then. The county was a bouillabaisse of 
mid-sized to tiny towns and hamlets. These living spaces 
were scattered throughout the wooded hills and valleys 
that stretched over the California coast just north of 
metropolitan San Francisco. Many of the county's well-
to-do citizens earned their fortunes from investments 
flung far and wide throughout the world. As becoming 
such an affluent group, they conducted much of their 
business from home, using personal computers, 
telecommunication software, fax machines, and 
sophisticated telephony. On occasion, they would be 
driven to San Francisco, to conduct business, or to one of 
three major international airports in the Bay Area to 
touch flesh and pocketbooks in other corners of the 
globe. Joining them on these travel days were the rest of 
Marin's citizenry I the commuters who plodded to and 
from work on the 101 corridor that ran along the edge of 
Marin county and the San Francisco Bay.
" 'A RADAR feast,' Fritz often referred to this traffic 
corridor. I found his choice of words unappetizing, but he 
was right. He dined regularly and lavishly along the 
corridor and the roads feeding into it. Fritz regaled in 
bringing down females rushing to work, half-filled coffee 
cups teetering on their plastic dashboard holders, their 
hair still rolled up in curlers, applying the first of their 
faces as they sped down those many country feeder lanes 
or charged toward highway entrances along narrow 
frontage roads. He went after male CEO-types with equal 
gusto, delighting in bringing down Mercedes, BMWs, 
Lexus', and other high-priced luxury sedans. Seeing a car 
phone in use drove him to the brink of ecstasy. 'Oh, I'm 
going to reach out and touch someone today!' he'd scream 
over his radio and, even though I might be miles from the 
scene, I knew what the cause of his joy was. After he had 
satiated himself on these delicacies, he'd turn to what he 
called 'the more mundane food groups': campers, 
pickups, passenger vehicles pulling trailers, motorhomes, 
and the big rigs. 'You want to really put on some weight,' 
he'd tell me, 'you bring down a big rig for breakfast, 
lunch, and dinner. That's a stomach full.' For appetizers, 
he'd go after motorcycles, and when he was really in 
desperate straits or just in the mood to snack, he'd bring 
down a bicycle or two."
"And you?" queried the mountain biker. "What did you 
do, sir?"
"Me?" laughed the RADAR Ranger. "Against all Fritz' 
tirades and verbal abuse, I remained true to my 
sensibilities and convictions and brought down nothing 
larger than two-stroke, 250 cc motorbikes. Fritz called it 
wasted action, but I was content, finding peace in myself 
along with new understanding. I was even beginning to 
take moderate delight in the new experiences engendered 
by issuing these speeding tickets."
"You did this with detachment, even when you ticketed 
pedal bicycles?" whispered the mountain biker, leaning 
forward toward the RADAR Ranger over the narrow 
expanse of the oak table top.
"Yes, with great detachment," replied the ranger.
"You've implied that Fritz tried to initiate you into 
RADAR by ticketing more powerful vehicles. Why 
couldn't you do that with detachment, too? Was your 
decision, then, to go after smaller vehicles more of an 
aesthetic one than a moral one?"
"Had you put that question to me back then, in the early 
days, I would have answered 'aesthetic.' I wanted to 
contemplate RADAR in gradual steps. If bringing down 
small vehicles brought such pleasure and enlightenment 
to me that I could barely comprehend them, then I 
believed I should save the larger, more powerful vehicles 
for a time when I was more mature in the ways of 
RADAR. But I was only deluding myself because all 
aesthetic decisions, in the final analysis, are moral ones."
"What a minute," rejoined the mountain biker. "Aesthetic 
decisions can be immoral. What about the physicist who 
creates the perfect energy source to please his financial 
backers, knowing full well they'll use the energy as a 
military threat to acquire property. Or the government 
that paves over valuable peasant farming land with a 
monument to its greatness?"
"What you've just described are moral decisions. At least, 
in the mind of the doersQin the minds of the artists, each 
serves a higher purpose. It is not a conflict between 
morals and aesthetics, but one between the morals of the 
artist and the morals of society. The tragedy of our 
generation comes from a lack of sensitivity to this 
distinction. The atomic physicist, in turning over his 
perfect energy source to militarists, believes he has 
committed an immoral act and festers in despair, 
ultimately believing that he has fallen from grace. His 
work suffers and he no longer has any art at all to offer 
up to the world. Which is worst I ask you: the acquisition 
of property or the denial of art to the world? Morality is 
not a crystal ball that can be dashed to pieces because of 
a single act. When artists become men of action, these 
concerns disappear and the whole public benefits. But I 
wasn't thinking about these issues then. I believed that I 
brought down small vehicles for aesthetic reasons 
aloneQand, at first, I ignored the moral debate of 
whether, because of my new found RADAR nature, I was 
damned.
Belvedere
"Damned?" repeated the cyclist.
"In my heart, when I went over to Fritz, I believed that I 
was damned though I never discussed good and evil with 
him, at least not in the beginning. I had taken the 
forbidden apple of knowledge and now, I reckoned, must 
live as an outcast in the very world whose order I wanted 
to maintain. Do you hear what I'm saying?"
The mountain biker peered sheepishly at his own hands 
fussing idly on the wood table top. He started to say 
something, then changed his mind. When an uneasy 
blotch of pink finally swept across his downcast face, he 
drew his eyes up to look at the RADAR Ranger and 
managed, "Were you damned?"
A thin smile flickered across the ranger's lips like a sliver 
of light from the naked bulb directly overhead. The 
mountain biker continued to stare at him from a distance, 
but the faint trace of the little smile never left the ranger's 
lips. "Maybe I" offered the RADAR Ranger, letting his 
folded arms drop effortlessly to his sides "I we should 
talk about these things in their proper sequence. Can I 
continue with my story?"
"Please, go on," said the cyclist.
"Fritz and I continued to work the 101 corridor from the 
north of Marin in Novato south to the Golden Gate 
Bridge. As my RADAR Ranger nature matured and my 
understanding increased, this riddle of damnation grew 
more pronounced for me. I finally arrived at a point in 
time when my agitation over this conflict in my 
personality was more than I could bare and I yelled over 
at Fritz one winter day, our Mustangs parked side-by-side 
in hiding behind a Miller Lite (TM) billboard just off the 
highway, that I didn't want to live any longer.
" 'Gordon, you're not a killer; you couldn't take your own 
life if you tried,' was his response to my outburst. He was 
right, too. But the powerful emotions created by not fully 
accepting Fritz' definition of my RADAR nature were 
still sweeping through my body. They created in me a 
dark desire for that thing which I knew would satisfy the 
corresponding physical craving that was gnawing deep 
within me. You already know what bringing down a 
speeder means to a RADAR Ranger; now imagine the 
difference between bringing down a moped and a Rolls 
Royce Silver Shadow.
"Fritz sensed the craving in me that evening and led me 
out onto the highway. I followed him in my cruiser for 
what seemed like hours, passing up one opportunity after 
another. 'Why don't you let me take that one?' I'd radio 
over to him, pointing to a blue Camaro filled with 
middle-age yuppies or 'The green Volvo station wagon 
ahead is traveling 15 miles per hour above the speed 
limit; let's bring it down.' But Fritz was unwavering in his 
determination to wait for the right law breaker upon 
whom I could satiate my craving.
"As late afternoon eased into early evening, we found 
ourselves cruising the tree-lined streets of Belvedere, one 
of Marin's least affordable communities. Fritz 
maneuvered expertly through the narrow streets, darting 
from one secluded marble mansion to the next red-tiled 
estate. As we rounded a professionally landscaped corner 
high up on a hill above the white-capped waters of the 
Bay, Fritz waved my car to a halt and parked his own less 
than a vehicle length in front of me. Fifty yards ahead, 
the double wrought-iron gates to a hidden estate slid 
noiselessly open on their steel tracks. The polished silver 
grill of every poor boy's dream, a Rolls Royce Silver 
Shadow, slowly pulled through the newly created 
opening into the street. Fritz shot a glance back to me, as 
if to say dinner was served. We followed the Rolls, but 
kept our distance to avoid undue attention. Fritz knew 
that I was at the end of my emotional tether that evening 
and he wasn't going to let the moment escape him by 
toying needlessly with the Rolls ahead of us.
"After the big car had pulled through its first stop sign, 
Fritz dashed in front of it and pulled it over to the side of 
the road. I parked behind the two vehicles, the blood 
pounding in my temples, my sweaty right hand nervously 
tapping the blood's beat on the cover of my ticket book. 
Fritz was already out of his car and walking toward my 
Mustang before I realized that I couldn't control the 
muscles of my hand enough to grip and open the door, I 
had become so flustered. 'Get out of the car, Gordon, and 
take him,' Fritz ordered and he opened my car door from 
the outside. I stepped out, faltered, but felt strong hands 
grab at my shoulders and pull me to attention. 'Get a hold 
of yourself, you idiot. There's only one person in the car, 
a young man, the chauffeur by the looks of his dress. 
You've got him on a 'California Stop;' he never came to a 
complete halt at the sign back there, just rolled right 
through it.' Fritz pushed me forward with a powerful 
shove and I lurched up to the driver's window.
"You must understand that during this entire evening, 
while Fritz was leading me hither-and-yon through Marin 
county, I kept wondering if I were damned. If I were the 
devil himself. These thoughts tore at my mind. 'What 
have I turned into by becoming a RADAR Ranger? 
Where is this damnable path to lead me?' The frenzy in 
my mind fed into and amplified the physical craving Fritz 
and sensed in me earlier that afternoon. By this time, I 
was beyond balancing my sensibilities with the need to 
write up this driver for a moving violation.
"He sat there, behind that expensive teak wood steering 
wheel, staring up a me in disbelief. 'But officer,' he began 
to say when I shamefully cut him off with a heated look 
from my fevered eyes. He was frightened by my 
countenance, and utterly alone in that car. He was no 
more than 17, but the look of incredulity that crossed his 
face as he took me in with his bewildered expression was 
ageless. He tried again, saying, 'This is my first job' and 
'I'm working through a trial period' and 'This could cause 
me to lose everything.' His pleas broke through to my 
consciousness, only to trigger that question in my head 
again: 'Am I damned.' And if I were damned, why did I 
feel such pity for this youth, for his plight here in the hills 
of Belvedere?
" 'I must be damned,' I said to myself. 'This is surely hell' 
and in that moment I thought of Fritz and knew there was 
no escape for me, not from this young driver nor from the 
creature I had become. Without a word, I dropped the 
citation in the youth's lap and walked off."
"What happened then?" whispered the mountain biker.
"Fritz was jumping up and down on the roadside like a 
man crazed. When he saw me walk away from the Rolls, 
he rushed over and literally threw me into the air in his 
delight. 'Gordon, Gordon!' he laughed at me, pointing his 
hideously gaunt finger in my direction, as if to say he had 
caught me with my hand in the cookie jar."
"Had you felt that same sensation when you'd brought 
down speeders in the past?" quizzed the mountain biker. 
"Was it stronger now?"
"I felt satiated," paused the RADAR Ranger as he 
searched for the right words, "but not elated. No, if you 
must know, I felt damned to the core of my being. I was 
enraged, utterly out of my mind with hatred. And that 
hatred, of course, was aimed at Fritz. I looked around the 
roadside for some implement with which to bash in his 
head, but found none. Fritz found this all too amusing 
and jumped into his cruiser and sped away. I gave 
pursuit, wondering what the driver of the Rolls thought of 
this bizarre behavior. Fritz, with his superior mechanical 
skills, easily eluded my attempts to overtake him. He 
toyed with me as a tomcat toys with a frightened mouse. 
He'd let me come to within inches of his rear bumper, 
then make a 180 degree turn at speed, darting past me in 
the opposite direction, his laughter drowning out the 
sound of his two-chamber Flowmaster low restriction 
mufflers in my ears.
"When I finally caught up with him, he was parked in one 
of his favorite roadside hideaways (he claimed to like it 
because it was kept clean by the local Rotary club). 
Reason had altogether left me and I flew from my 
Mustang at him with an all-consuming rage. We fought 
one another as we had never fought before. It was only 
the thought of eternal damnation in hellQof grappling 
with him like this forever in the fires of hellQthat caused 
me to loose my resolve. He was on top of me, pinning me 
to the rocky ground with his left knee pressed into my 
sternum, when I relaxed my feeble hold on him. 'You're 
mad, Gordon,' he said, those terrible cold eyes cooling 
the last of the heat to rage through my veins. But his 
voice was controlled and calm. The fight had done 
something to him, but I wasn't sure what. I was never 
sure about Fritz and this time was no exception. I simply 
listened to his words and did as he said: 'Get in your 
trunk and go to sleep.'
"Closing myself in the back of my cruiser had always 
been disturbing for me. It was like squirming through the 
narrow opening into a small, solid rock chamber at the 
bottom of a very deep cavern. That night was particularly 
upsetting for me. Among my worries was was whether 
Fritz meant to kill me. How? I don't know, but he was 
always hinting at the fact that there was so much more 
for me to learn and, perhaps among those things, was a 
way to destroy a RADAR Ranger in his sleep. 
Suffocation maybe. With these fears haunting my 
consciousness, I fell into a troubled slumber and dreamed 
the nightmares of the damned."
"RADAR Rangers do dream, then!" exclaimed the 
mountain biker.
"Yes, just like you. But no, not exactly like you people of 
lesser action. There are differences. Our dreams are long 
and clear; we awake remembering every detail, normal 
and grotesque. This I never experienced before I 
discovered RADAR. And then there are those all-too-
frequent nightmaresQthey mix and warp our waking and 
unconscious perceptions into a mottled tapestry of bent 
and deformed patterns. Fortunately, so much time 
separates that night from now, I can't relate the hideous 
fantasies that surely filled my head.'"
The mountain biker, kicking his feet at the emerging hole 
in the floor of Sky Oaks, appeared relieved to hear this.
"From the time I awoke early the next morning until 
nearly a month later," the RADAR Ranger continued 
with barely an audible pause in his narration, "Fritz and I 
did not exchange a single utterance. During these long 
weeks, I was constantly consumed by the hellish fire of 
trying to live with the tragedy of my divided nature. I 
could not forgive Fritz for manipulating me into bringing 
down the Rolls and I returned quickly to my old pattern 
of ticketing small motorbikes and bicycles. Yet, it was 
not so much the guilt I felt for the encounter with the 
Rolls that burned away at my sensibilities as it was a 
disgust over my own personal weakness, for I was now 
convinced that if I could leave Fritz, I would regain that 
part of me that had been wiped away when he entered my 
life. Failure to make that separation was the spark that 
kept the flames burning in me. Finally, in the fourth week 
after the incident with the Rolls Royce, I mustered the 
courage to tell him, 'I'm leaving you, Fritz. I can no 
longer tolerate our relationship.'
" 'I've been waiting for some time to hear you say this,' he 
replied. ' Go ahead, call me a heinous fiend, a lunatic who 
takes his pleasures from the haste created by a 
mechanized world. That's why you want to leave me, isn't 
it?'
" 'I'm not interested in passing judgment on you, Fritz. 
I'm not interested in you at all, in fact. I want to learn 
more about my own RADAR Ranger nature and I realize 
now that I'll never learn from you. I don't think you know 
as much as you put on. You use your powers for personal 
pleasures onlyQyour life has no purpose!' I screamed at 
him. 'What kind of RADAR Ranger are you, anyway? 
How can you take such delight in issuing citations when 
you have no need?'"
Fritz sat quietly in his cruiser, the door opened wide on 
its hinges, listening to my words. His eyes were attentive 
and thoughtful, as I'd never seen them before. His calm 
nearly frightened me as badly as if he had flown into one 
of his usual black rages. 'What do you think a RADAR 
Ranger is?' he asked after a moment of reflective pause.
" 'I'm not like you, Fritz,' I shot back. 'I don't pretend to 
explain that which has been unknowable to me.' Fritz 
continued to sit in his Mustang, his expressionless gaze 
upsetting me. 'But I do know that after I take my leave of 
you, I'm going to find out. I'll travel as far as I have to to 
find other RADAR Rangers. I know that others must 
exist. You and I I we can't be the only ones of our kind. 
Someone had to change you just as you have tried to 
change me. And someone had to change them, too. I'm 
sure there are great numbers of RADAR Rangers 
throughout the world. And I'm sure that they'll have more 
in common with me than I have in common with youQ
RADAR Rangers who appreciate knowledge as I do and 
who have discovered amazing secrets far beyond your 
own powers to understand. I'll find these rangers and 
learn from them without you!'
" 'Gordon,' he was shaking his head in disagreement now. 
'You must break your ties to the life you knew before you 
became a RADAR Ranger. Your attachment to that life is 
denying you your RADAR Ranger nature. Let the ghosts 
of your former life go!'
"I was obsessed with making my point with him and 
would not stop. 'I have made the most of my RADAR 
Ranger nature I I have never before seen so clearly the 
beauties and intricacies of life. Compared to my 
awareness as a RADAR Ranger, my previous life was 
like that of a blind, deaf mute, being able to neither see 
nor hear the world around. It is only as a RADAR Ranger 
that I have come to respect all life. Life meant nothing to 
me until I could bring out its beauty with RADAR, could 
assure its beauty for everyone with RADAR.'
" 'I'm not an intellectual like you, Gordon, but that does 
not mean that I'm stupid. Listen to me, Gordon, because I 
fear for you. You do not understand your RADAR 
Ranger nature. You long to go back to a life of lesser 
action already lived and relive it with the heightened 
powers of a man of action. You cannot do that! You 
cannot go back! What you want is here and now. You 
must let go of this wish to return to the comfort and 
warmth of a lesser existence. You are no longer forced by 
your very nature to 'See through a glass darkly.' See it 
now, Gordon.'
" 'Don't you think that I already know that?' I cried out in 
anguish. 'I want to know this RADAR Ranger nature 
intimately, what it is, where it will take me. If I can fill 
my being with wondrous experiences simply by ticketing 
mopeds and bicycles, why must I go through life bringing 
down drivers of greater power and perception I drivers 
who are closer to my own nature than the others?'
" 'Are you really happy when you prowl the streets like a 
beggar, bringing down petty two wheelers, vehicles 
whose drivers barely have the spark of life themselves? 
Does it really fill you with the wonder of being alive? 
Does it satisfy your hunger? This behavior is ludicrous; 
you are vain to think that this experience of yours could 
in any way compare with the true nature of being a 
RADAR Ranger. 'What is the true nature of a RADAR 
Ranger?' you ask. I'll tell you:  ticketing vehicles with 
more than two wheels, vehicles that are powered by more 
than two silly combustion cycles, vehicles that don't rely 
on the driver's legs for power, vehicles that offer shelter 
and protection for their drivers. That is the true nature of 
being a RADAR Ranger!'
" 'No,' I implored, more to settle my own disoriented 
perceptions than in response to Fritz. 'That's how you see 
it; it's not how I see it.'
"He sat back in the cushion of the Mustang's powered 
front seat and relaxed a moment. Then he leaned 
sideways to the opening of the door and said, 'I'm sorry, 
Gordon, but it is that way. You talk about finding other 
RADAR Rangers. RADAR Rangers are lone predators 
who live by the gun. They are territorial and will drive 
you away from their highways and streets immediately 
should you find them. Highly suspicious, they could no 
more trust you than you apparently can trust me. Your 
sensibility and atavistic clinging to a life of lesser action 
would drive them into a black rage and they would try to 
kill you, rather than reason with you as I have. Besides, if 
you should find more than one of them together at the 
same time and in the same place, it would be for security 
only, one of them acting as a slave to the other.'
Slave
"Just as you were a slave to Fritz, sir?" ventured the 
mountain biker, cautiously metering out each word.
At this question, the RADAR Ranger whirled around, 
faster than the cyclist could follow with his eyes in the 
dim overhead light of the station, and glared at him 
between narrow slits that revealed only a fraction of his 
anger. The cyclist could feel that anger building up 
exponentially behind those thin flaps of skin, then just as 
suddenly cool down as if someone had removed a 
screaming kettle of water from a red, hot grill.
"I denied this at first, of course, just as I started to deny it 
to you right now. But Fritz was rightQI had been his 
slave from the very beginning. I listened then with a 
deeper understanding when Fritz explained that RADAR 
Rangers multiply through slavery. 'There is no other 
way!' he exclaimed to me. 'I expected you to accept your 
RADAR Ranger nature instinctively after you brought 
down the red Miata that first night. Having experienced 
the wonder of it, I couldn't imagine you doing anything 
but repeating the experience every chance you got. But 
you resisted and continue to resist to this moment. I 
suppose I could have been harder on you, forced you to 
see the errors of your way. But I backed off because you 
were so easy to manage, so simple to control. I didn't 
want to lose that power. Now I see that I could have done 
it better with you. Forgive me.'
"At that moment, a smile crossed his lips and he became 
as amazing to me as he was that first night he had come 
to me with the intention of making me a RADAR 
Ranger. ' Good and Evil, Evil and Good,' he 
philosophized. 'It's all in the way you look at it. We are 
powerful, Gordon. We are among nature's chosen. What 
lies ahead of us is a feast that men of lesser action can 
never experience without regret, a feast that a lesser 
conscience cannot accept. The richest and the poorest, we 
can take them all. It is nature's way. There has never been 
anything like us, Gordon. We are unique in the universe.'
" 'Fritz, I'm more confused than ever,' I cried. 'You chose 
an incompetent to become a RADAR Ranger.'
" 'We don't know that Gordon. We don't know it because 
you haven't tried.'
"He was again right and my suffering became greater 
than before. Never since becoming a RADAR Ranger 
had I experienced such agony. I agonized because Fritz' 
words had made such sense to me. He spoke the truth: I 
experienced the most wondrous delight only when I 
issued a traffic violation, but only for that moment. And I 
didn't doubt for a second that bringing down anything 
less than a Ford Ranchero would afford me only a 
glimpse of that which I truly longed for. It was this 
longing, this discontent that had caused me such agony. 
To mask the agony for what it really was, I had struggled 
to regain my pre-RADAR Ranger nature. Now this 
longing had wearied me beyond endurance. My head was 
spinning and the stars in the night sky were reflecting 
perfect, unbroken circles on my retina. 'He's right,' I 
thought, 'He's right. I am not satisfied the way I should be 
because I haven't taken action, haven't committed myself 
to the true life of RADAR.'
"As if reading my thoughtsQperhaps he had been 
reading them all along, I'll never knowQFritz steadied 
me with a strong hand and said, 'Tomorrow we'll both 
take action and perhaps that action will lead you to true 
RADAR Rangerness.'
" 'What do you mean?' I said in a daze. 'What action?'
" 'You'll learn tomorrow when we go to traffic court.'
"Wait a minute," protested the mountain biker. "Just a 
while ago you said that you never had a reason to go to 
traffic court. None of your tickets was ever disputed and 
you were never summoned there. But what you're saying 
now is that you did go to traffic court, is that true?"
"Yes, it is," the RADAR Ranger answered, raising slowly 
to his feet and stretching his arms wide. "What I told you 
earlier was only partially true. One ticket was disputed, 
but we were not summoned to defend it. No, Fritz took 
me there on his own volition. I Ahhh, 'What purpose 
would that serve?' I see you asking by the look in your 
eyes. I believe that I have your undivided attention again, 
not that you haven't been a most attentive audience. I'll 
go on with my tale, then.
"Quite suddenly after Fritz had suggested that we travel 
to Traffic Court the following morning, the air around us 
become very still. The shrubbery that hid us from passing 
cars ceased to sway and moan in the stillness. Even the 
noise from the traffic itself was overcome by the quiet. It 
was very dark for we both had shut our car doors and 
automatically turned off the interior cab lights. We were 
utterly alone, Fritz and I, standing alongside Highway 
101. The cool air of the winter night settled down, 
pushing on the brim of my hat and Fritz stood close by, 
still as a carved statue. Then the wind came off the Bay 
and I saw the branches of far-off silhouetted oak and bay 
trees sway back and forth, yet I heard no sounds, no 
rustling of leaves against branches. The pain I had felt 
was gone. A quiet peace and tranquility settled over me 
and it was enough. I knew it was momentary only, but it 
was enough for me to embrace to my chest, to feel the 
fleeting solace it had to offer. Quietly, at that moment of 
personal peace, a voice spoke into my ear: 'Pain is a 
horrible thing for you, Gordon. It's horrible because, with 
your RADAR Ranger nature, you feel it more than ever 
before and you don't want it to last. That is quite 
understandable. Don't betray your true nature now and 
suffer needlessly. Follow me and together we'll 
strengthen that nature so that there is no pain for you.'
"That said, I willingly followed Fritz onto the highway. 
Our small, two-horse caravan traveled south along the 
bay front to the Marin Civic Center turnoff. A long, low 
building, the Civic Center set atop a knoll that ran along 
the east side of the highway. We exited from 101 and 
passed without slowing through a blinking red light at the 
main intersection in front of the Center, then pulled up to 
and through the giant arch that passed through the 
building and led to its parking lots. Deserted at that late 
hour, Fritz ignored the empty public spaces and pulled 
into the lot reserved for civic officials. He eased his 
Mustang between two parallel white lines that set apart a 
space reserved for Traffic Court Commissioner G. 
Whopner and I pulled into a reserved space next to him. I 
was confident that our cars would not attract attention, 
indeed, would not even be cited or towed the next 
morning when the building awoke to a full, midweek-
work day. Our RADAR Ranger nature afforded certain 
preternatural benefits, and parking wherever we wished 
without penalty or consequence was one of them.
" 'We'll take action in the morning,' was all Fritz said to 
me as we each settled into our respective resting places."
Traffic Court
"The next morning we emerged from our vehicles and 
blended invisibly among the masses flowing into the 
building. We followed the echoing footsteps of lawyers, 
bookkeepers, librarians, clerks, officers of the law, 
speeding violators, and other questionable elements of 
society down the long, marbled hallway of the first floor, 
then crowded onto an elevator and were carried up to 
Level C, the section of the building reserved for civil 
cases. This was where traffic disputations were settled, 
too. Upon exiting the elevator, we walked into a crowd of 
people milling in front of various single and double 
doors, each leading to a different court room. I looked 
from face to face in the crowded hallway and recognized 
some of my fellow officers, but they did not respond to 
my nod of recognition, acting as if they were unable to 
see me. I was glad that I was invisible to them.
"Fritz opened a pathway through the milling crowds for 
me and I followed him obediently to a low marble bench 
that faced one of the courtroom doors. We both sat down 
on the cold surface and said nothing for a moment or two. 
Then Fritz nudged me in the ribs with his elbow; when I 
looked at him, he jerked his head knowingly toward his 
left side. I looked in that direction and the profile of a 
youth stopped my eyes from wandering further. No more 
than four people sat between us and I could see his face 
clearly. 'Wherever have I seen this person?' I wondered. 
My life had been helter-skelter for so long, that I often 
feared I was losing the powers of my mind. The only 
mental strength, if you can call it that, left to me was my 
short-term memory. People and events no older than 
fifteen hours to me remained etched in my memory in 
high resolution, while all others faded. My original 
encounter with the owner of the profile I was now staring 
at obviously stretched out beyond the fifteen-hour barrier 
I all I could dredge up from my mind swamp were 
remembrances of blurred shadows floating in a murky 
grotto.
" 'The Rolls, Gordon, the Rolls,' I heard Fritz whisper as 
he nudged me again in the ribs, this time with more force. 
'He's the boy who was driving the Rolls that night in 
Belvedere. His employers have threatened to let him go if 
he can't clear this ticket. Right out of high school, come 
west to find work to pay for a college education. Poor 
lad! And certainly no where else to go. Future's not 
looking too good for him.'
"Fritz' caustic words jarred the shadows loose from the 
sticky sludge at the bottom of my mind and they floated 
upward into recognition. The Rolls Royce in BelvedereQ
how could I possibly forget that night? My original pain 
and suffering over what I had become resurfaced with 
that memory, and I felt the blood quicken in my temples. 
Then I remembered the look in the boy's eyes, his pleas 
not to issue the ticket, and my empathy for him poured 
out again.
" 'What's this all about, Fritz?' I pushed out between 
clenched teeth, the nightmare landscape of that evening 
filling my head, the chill of guilt settling down over my 
shoulders. 'Why are we here?'
" 'We've found him at last,' he said. 'The one you 
wounded so dearly. Your son! Your salvation!'
" 'What are you raving about?' I gasped. But he had 
already grabbed my forearm and was dragging me 
through the just-opened doors of the courtroom. We 
stood still in the back corner of the room, at the end of a 
long, curved row of polished, metal-and-cloth-backed 
wood benches. The people who had been milling around 
outside entered the semi-circular room and took their 
seats within that row and the ones that were in front of it. 
In the middle of the group passing through the open 
doors was the boy. His eyes scanned the quickly filling 
room, moved to the spot in which Fritz and I stood, and 
finally settled on a destination not more than three feet 
from us. He was standing close enough to hear the 
pounding of my heart.
" 'I rise for Commissioner Whopner,' the courtroom 
bailiff said, awakening me from the hypnotic sleep the 
pounding in my chest had lured me into. I heard the rustle 
of paper and a few low coughs as people pushed 
themselves up from the comfortable positions they had 
settled into. Several minutes had passed since we entered 
the courtroom that I obviously could not account for. I 
looked over to my left and Fritz was still standing there, 
an amused look on his face. I cautioned a look to my 
right and again encountered the profile of the boy. He 
looked more confident and determined than when I last 
gazed upon him. I could see him working his lips, 
perhaps reciting to himself a speech he was about to 
make.
"A dark robbed man entered the courtroom from a door 
in the far corner of the opposite wall, walked over to a 
full-sized wood desk, sat down behind it, and slowly 
looked across the mostly solemn faces in his courtroom 
before picking up his gavel and bringing it down on the 
desk with a resounding crack. 'You may be seated,' he 
announced.
Daryl
"Commissioner Whopner conducted his traffic court in 
the manner of an old-west hanging judge. To make his 
intentions plainly visible, a life-sized portrait of the 
legendary Judge Roy Bean hung in a gilded frame behind 
his elevated desk. Wire-rimmed reading glasses resting 
halfway down the aquiline ridge of his Roman nose, the 
commissioner read nothing more into the law than was 
already printed and bound between the leather covers on 
his library shelves. Defendants were wise to plead 
'Guilty, your honor,' when Whopner questioned them 
about the traffic incident that brought them into his court. 
Respect was paramount and lowered heads and eyes 
could expect lesser fines than raised heads and eyes for 
similar infractions of the traffic laws. Those that pleaded 
'Not guilty' were viewed suspiciously and given a second 
chance to reconsider their plea. Commissioner Whopner 
appeared most strict with certain bicyclists who had been 
cited for pedaling above a 5 mph speed limit on local 
watershed and recreation lands. For those cyclists who 
pleaded 'Guilty,' Whopner reduced their fines to $200. 
But for those few who tried to prove their innocence, the 
outcome was often a $500 reprimand. Commissioner 
Whopner thought like a RADAR Ranger.
"As his time to appear before the traffic commissioner 
approached, I saw the boy's lips move faster and faster, 
clearly recalling the words he had been practicing for 
days. My RADAR Ranger nature was splitting me in two 
again: on the one hand, I could not disagree with the way 
Commissioner Whopner was holding his court; but on the 
other hand, I could not bear to see the boy face the 
consequences of the actions I had cited him for. Fritz, as 
if reading my mind at that moment, leaned closer and 
said,'Let's save the kid from the embarrassment of having 
to face the commissioner. And while we're at it, let's save 
him from the life he's chosen and give him something 
better.'
"Fritz' words were settling into my awareness when they 
were overlaid by the bailiff's, 'Next case, Daryl Bobbins.' 
At the mention of his name, the youth who had been the 
focus of my concern began to step forward. But as he did, 
Fritz moved with his uncanny speed and intercepted the 
youth before the toe of his tennis shoe could touch the 
linoleum tile in front of him. The two of them moved 
toward the door labeled by an overhead, red 'EXIT' sign, 
no more than a draft of air to those they passed in the 
courtroom, for these people merely pulled their coats and 
sweaters tighter around their shoulders. A few others 
turned their heads as if stretching muscles in stiff necks, 
but nothing more.
" 'Daryl Bobbins,' I heard the bailiff wail again as I left 
the courtroom, running stride for stride with Fritz. We 
continued in this fashion, me following Fritz and Daryl at 
a pace I thought impossible down narrow, spiralling 
stairwells, through peopled hallways, and across the 
filled macadam parking lot to our parked vehicles. No 
one followed, yet Fritz maintained the unnatural speed 
that I had somehow synched into. 'Get in your car and 
follow me,' he said, pushing the pale boy into the 
passenger seat of his Mustang, then gunned backwards 
out of Commissioner Whopner's parking space, reversed 
his direction of movement, and headed for the open 
highway.
After several seconds of his hellish pace, Fritz braked to 
a stop off the highway a few miles north of the Civic 
Center at one of our roadside resting areas. He jumped 
from his car and beckoned me to him. 'Look at him, 
Gordon, look at him,' he said to me, pointing at the youth 
on the passenger side of his car. 'Pale from his ordeal by 
all standards, but listen to his heart. Do you hear his 
heart, how strong it beats? His will to live is strong. He's 
perfect, Gordon!'
" 'What do you mean, 'perfect?' I asked, still mesmerized 
by the mercurial fluidity of all that had just happened. I 
vaguely realized that I was held tight in a liquid daze and 
struggled to free myself, but in vain. I could take no 
action of my own other than listen to and follow Fritz' 
instructions.
" 'Get in your cruiser and wait here with me. When you 
see me drive back onto the highway, follow at a distance, 
but don't pass. If I should stop the car, pull in behind me 
and wait by your Mustang until I call for you. Do you 
understand what I'm saying to you, Gordon?' I nodded 
my head in agreement. We waited in our hiding spot for 
ten or twenty minutes before Fritz, Daryl still slumped at 
his side, pulled onto the highway, his flashing blue and 
red lights visible through through the cloud of dust the 
3.55 Gatorback Goodyears kicked into the air. When he 
pulled to the roadside once again, he brought a speeding 
1969 blue Camaro over with him.
"My radio crackled to life and I could hear Fritz trying to 
stir Daryl to consciousness. 'Daryl, Daryl,' he said as 
much for my benefit as for the boy's, 'wake up. You've 
been sick and I want to make you well now. To get 
better, you've got to do as I say. Get out of the car and 
follow me.' Daryl's door opened as though it had been 
choreographed to do so with Fritz', the two of them 
almost mirror images. The boy mimicked the older man's 
gait, but with a zombie like quality, to the driver's side of 
the Camaro. I watched as he watched Fritz pull out his 
ticket book and begin to write up the blue law breaker. 
As he handed the book to Daryl to sign his name after the 
line, 'Arresting Officer,' I regained my senses and 
realized what was happening. Sticking my head out the 
driver-side window, my sensitized hearing picked up 
Fritz saying, 'That's right Daryl. Sign here and you'll get 
well.'
"Curse you!" I shouted at Fritz, but his hateful glare kept 
me in my Mustang. To my surprise, Daryl had become 
highly animated and was scribbling wildly on the next 
blank ticket in Fritz' book. Fritz looked troubled, almost 
in pain. His countenance was one I had never seen 
before. 'Stop now!' he shouted at Daryl, but to no avail. 
Using his speed, the older man's blurred fingers reached 
out and snatched the book away from the boy. Daryl 
looked confused, then reached for the book again. Fritz 
held him back with two powerful hands clamped on his 
shoulders.
When the Camaro had left with the ticket containing 
Daryl's name and the two, RADAR Ranger and youth, 
had returned to the side of their cruiser, I ventured out of 
my car and walked slowly over to where they were 
standing. 'Why are you doing this, Fritz?' He ignored my 
question but kept his eyes trained on Daryl's.
" 'Don't ever do that again,' he said. 'One ticket only to a 
law breaker. Listen to me and I'll tell you what to do.' 
Daryl stood there, next to the man and the Mustang, 
completely revived. His pallor had been replaced by a 
lividness infused by rich, red blood flowing through 
miles of capillaries close to the surface of this skin. I 
could hear the pounding of his heart squeeze the blood 
with great force through his eager body. He had the same 
fever I had experienced my first night and I fell on Fritz, 
imploring him to stop this madness. But Fritz easily 
threw me off, and I hit the door of his Mustang with great 
force, forcing the air from my lungs in an agonizing 
burst. I must have been unconscious for several moments, 
because when I next opened my eyes, Fritz, Daryl, and 
their Mustang were gone. I jumped into my own car and 
gave chase. But I was no match for Fritz that evening. He 
was my superior and I his slave in all matters of RADAR.
"At the turnoff to the Rowland Plaza shopping center and 
theatres, I finally caught up with them. Fritz was leaning 
against the front of the Mustang's heated grill, one leg 
crossed over the other, watching Daryl write up his first 
citation, unassisted. Daryl looked up from his paper 
work, and Fritz signalled to him that he had done enough. 
The boy signed the citation and handed it to the driver of 
the car, then walked back to stand confidently next to his 
master. The ticketed vehicle left within moments and I 
felt exhausted, as if I had been chasing and pleading with 
Fritz for a hundred hours. I climbed out of my car in 
despair and walked over to them.
" 'Where are my employers? I should be getting back to 
Belvedere,' said the boy in a hushed tone. His voice had 
not fully undergone the change, and it betrayed his age to 
anyone who listened with compassion. He was so young. 
Too young. The tears welled up behind my eyes, but did 
not flow. It was too late for that sort of emotional 
outburst. Fritz slipped his right arm around the boy's 
broad shoulders and walked him closer to me. 'He's our 
son now,' he said to me, and to him, 'You're going to stay 
with us.' He looked at Daryl, a cold, heartless stare as if 
the events of this evening had been a cruel joke. Then he 
shoved the youth in my direction and I instinctively 
encircled him with my arms, drawing him close. I could 
feel the quickened beating of his heart, feel the fever that 
burned within his body sear through my clothes. His 
semi-conscious eyes were trained at me with an 
unquestioning loyalty.
" 'I'm Fritz and this is Gordon,' I heard Fritz say. The boy 
pulled back from me to get a better look at his 
surroundings. 'Can I bring down another speeder?' he 
asked with the cold fire of a RADAR Ranger.
" 'Not tonight,' responded Fritz. 'But tomorrow you can 
feast to your heart's content. 'Can I go home to my 
employers, then?' asked the boy. 'No,' said Fritz, 'your 
employers have asked that we take care of you from now 
on. Your home is with us.'
"We stood there beside Fritz' Mustang, the three of us, 
not saying a word. I continued to look at Daryl, entranced 
by his every movement, by the transformation he had 
undergone. He was no longer a mere boy, but a RADAR 
Ranger boy. Fritz was the first to speak: 'Gordon was 
going to run away from us, Daryl, but now he's going to 
stay with us.' Fritz looked first at me,then at the boy. 'Do 
