beautiful.  She and Bruce had become excellent friends shortly
after his arrival at the school two years ago.  More than just
friends, ran the student/faculty grapevine, but that was really
all there was to it.  
        He looked up her number in the faculty phone book and dialed
it.  
        "Hello.  This is Ellie.  Thanks for calling, but..." came
the sound of her recorded message.  Bruce didn't really want to
talk to her answering machine, so he started to hang up.  Then he
heard Andy herself.
        "Oh, damn it...hang on a sec..." Bruce heard the tape speed
up until it was incomprehensible, then stop altogether.
        "Hi," Bruce said hesitantly.  "Uh, this is Bruce."
        "Bruce!  Hi, how are you?"  Andy said, slightly out of
breath.  "Sorry about that, I was upstairs and forgot to turn off
the thing.  What's up?"
        "Are you busy?"  
        "No, not at all."
        "I just wanted to talk to somebody."  His voice had a note
of desperation in it that he wished would go away.
        "What's wrong?  Why do you sound so upset?"
        Did it show that much?  "I..." Then a thought struck
him.  "Why aren't you at school?  Why are you home?"
        "I always come home early on Fridays," she said patiently. 
"I don't have a class the last period.  Normally I stay at
school for assorted reasons, but Fridays I just want to get
home.  Now what's up?"
        Bruce was about to tell her about Andy, but suddenly decided
against it.  "Something's come up.  I probably won't be at the
meeting tomorrow."
        "Well, that's fine, but why are you calling to tell me this,
Bruce?  Seriously, now, what's wrong?"  Ellie had an infuriating
way of knowing everybody too well.
        Bruce gave it up.  She was a friend, she would understand
and tell nobody.  Where was the point of keeping it from her?
        "Andy Colman, my cousin, died today."
        "Your cousin?  Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that.  Were you
close?"
        "Like brothers.  He had moved to England, where I guess he
was pretty busy, but..." Bruce drew a painful breath.  "Anyway,
that's why I may not be in school tomorrow."
        "I understand.  When is the will reading taking place?"
        Bruce sighed.  Why was everyone so damned concerned about
wills?  "Tonight, in England somewhere.  I'll know tonight
what the share is, if that really matters."
        "Does it matter?"  Ellie used her "patient-teacher-with-a-
disruptive-student" voice on him, which annoyed him.
        "Of course not!  Why the hell should I care what my best
friend, virtually the only relative I had, left me?  It can't be
anything I couldn't live without, so what's the big deal?  What's
the whole big deal?"  Bruce paused, realizing he was shouting at
Ellie.  "I'm sorry."
        "That's okay."
        "I don't mean to be taking this out on you.  You really
don't deserve it at all."
        "Don't worry about it," she said kindly.
        "Look, I'd better go.  I didn't mean to call up and yell at
you."
        "Okay, Bruce.  I'll cover for you tomorrow."
        "Right.  You always do," Bruce said, embarrassed.
        "Take care, okay?  I'm really very sorry."
        "Thanks.  Goodbye."
        Ellie paused for a second, as though she were about to say
something else, but "Bye" was all she said.
        Bruce hung up the receiver and put his head in his hands. 
He felt like an incredible jackass.  He had called her up to make
him feel better, and wound up yelling at her.  Just like an
undusciplined child.  It was embarrassing and humiliating.
        He sat like that for a few minutes more, and then suddenly
sat up.  Three o'clock.  The reading was in England.  But it was
later there--six or seven hours later.  He picked up the phone
and dialed Joshua's office.
        This time Joshua himself answered.  "Joshua Monlley's
office, the aforementioned speaking."
        Joshua's odd greeting made Bruce smile in spite of himself. 
"Hey, Rockefeller," he said nervously.
        "Hey, Shakespeare," Joshua replied.  "WHat's up?  How you
doing?"
        "Okay.  Okay, thanks.  Listen, about the will reading..."
        "I know," Joshua interrupted.  "I didn't think about the
time change either, I had other stuff on my mind."
        Bruce was only slightly surprised that Joshua had known what
Bruce was thinking.  He was more surprised that Joshua had
forgotten the detail at all.  "So what's the deal," Bruce asked,
trying unsuccessfully to sound nonchalant.
        "Well, you know, it's odd," Joshua said quickly.  "He, uh,
didn't leave you money, or bonds or any other kinds of assets."
        "Oh?"   
        "No, what he left you was books.  Two books, unusual books,
ones he acquired in England.  Books that are worth a lot of
money.  They're very old and antique."
        "Joshua, I don't care about the money."  Bruce felt the
irritation returning, but kept it under control.
        "Right, pal.  Anyway, there are the books, and also two or
three large envelopes."
        "Envelopes?"
        "Yeah," Joshua said somewhat hesitantly.  "Just large yellow
envelopes with your name on them and specific instructions for
nobody to open them but you.  One of them appears to hold large
coins, the others just documents.  The books and the envelopes
are on their way through overnight mail."
        "Coins?  Documents?  Books?  What is this?"  Bruce asked,
puzzled.
        "Any idea what it is?"  Joshua said curiously.
        "None at all.  I'll just have to let you know."
        "Right.  Okay, I'll be in touch if anything else pops up."
        "Thank you."
        "Bye."
        "Bye," Bruce said absently, and slowly set down the re-
ceiver.
        Bruce spent the rest of the afternoon working on a script he
was writing in his spare time.  It was a mystery play which kept
getting more and more involved as he wrote it.  But it kept his
mind off of Andy.
        Until that night.  Bruce was lying in bed, unable to sleep. 
The whole affair, starting with the note, bothered him, seemed
suspicious.  Why should that note have been left?  Joshua didn't
leave it, but he had needed to talk with Bruce anyway.  If it was
a prank...but the coincidence was too great.  Somebody must have
known, but how?
        And the inheritance.  Andrew had owned several little
objets d'art--sculptures, paintings, etc.--that had come from
Bruce's home but were bequeathed to Andy.  He, Andy, had said
many times that they ought to have been Bruce's as they had come
from his house (Bruce, however, received the money).  Those were
what Bruce expected from Andy.  Nothing of any practical,
financial worth (they would never be sold by him), just sent-
imental value.
        But those books?  Those envelopes?  What could they be? 
Andy was never a huge reading fan, and Bruce couldn't see what
the big deal was with the books.  Did Andy expect Bruce to sell
them?  What about the coins that Joshua had spoken about? 
Perhaps they, too, were worth something.  And the documents...
yes, it all fit in, now.  Andrew had given to Bruce some things
which he could sell for himself.  To make a lttle money.  It was
thoughtful--but Bruce was a little surprised by the imperson-
ality of the items.  It wasn't like Andy....
        People change.  
        And with that, Bruce drifted off.
        
        In the morning, Bruce's head was clearer, probably helped by
the fact that it was, indeed, Saturday, and he had an excuse not
to go to that damn meeting.  He lay in bed for a while, trying to
fall asleep for a few more minutes, but the more he tried the
more he woke up.  He got out of bed and went to the kitchen for
some coffee.
        Glancing at the clock, he was astonished to find that it was
nearly ten-thirty.  Normally, even on weekends, Bruce only slept
until eight-thirty or nine o'clock.  
        "Psychological exhaustion," he thought, gulping down
strongly caffeinated coffee.  "That's what I needed to sleep
off.  Mental tiredness."
        As he drained the cup, he suddenly heard a thunk outside his
door.  Shortly after, the doorbell rang.  Bruce glanced at
himself, in sweatpants and no shirt.  "Hang on!"  he yelled,
running back to his bedroom to pull on a T-shirt.
        He looked through the peephole.  There was a man in a
Federal Express outfit with a large white envelope under his
arm.  Bruce opened the door.
        "Bruce Williams?"  said the man.  Bruce nodded.  The man
gave him the envelope and bent to pick up a package at his feet.
        "I'll do that,"  Bruce said, sliding it across the threshold
into the hall with his foot.  He dropped the envelope on top of
it.  
        "Please sign this."  The courier gave Bruce a clipboard and
Bruce signed the receipt.  "Thank you."  The man tore off a
carbon copy, handed it to Bruce, and left.
        Bruce closed the door, picked up the envelope and balanced
it on his arm, lifted the package with his other arm, and entered
the kitchen, dropping them on the table.  He got a knife out of
a drawer and tore off the tape on the package.  It opened to
reveal two books.
        The books were remnants of what was once beautiful. 
Leather-bound, gold-stamped tomes whose bindings were worn and
gilt had rubbed off.  The volumes had once been colored, one in
azure, one in emerald.  Now they were simply aged blue and green,
darkened by years of handling, or shelf-life, or both.  Bruce
could make out the titles, once traced golden, now dull: A Life
in Literature (blue), and World (green).  
        Bruce didn't open the envelope.  Instead, he picked up the
blue book and leafed through it.  The print was large and written
in a sort of primitive italic font.  He sat down, there, and
began to read.
        The book was simply a novel of one man's life.  He lived in
another world, sort of a fantasy world.  It was very complete, in
that it told much about every person connected with the man,
Teague.  Teague's mother, father, friends, teachers...all were
described in detail, so as to give an excellent portrait of the
man.  Every person in that book was described carefully--except
one: Teague's brother.  The book said no more than the fact that
Teague had a brother.  It didn't even mention his name.  Bruce
found this odd, but kept reading.  
        Teague was a friendly man who led a simple life.  He was a 
father and a teacher of languages.  Bruce wondered why a book had
been written about such a lackluster man, but nevertheless he
enjoyed the book.
        After he had finished the book, and Teague was dead and
buried, Bruce lost no time in picking up the second book,
Worlds.  He read through two or three pages, before recognizing
the writing style as almost identical to that of the first book. 
He looked for an author, but found no name.
        The book seemed to be a detailed description of the world
that Teague had lived in.  It was very factual, and very real-
istic, almost as if 
    `Anyone who has not worked for them
     simply cannot understand them.'
         - Mille Vennamun, introduction to:
          `The Use of Ashes: Bureau of Procuration Manual'
  Half past eight.  The bedside alarm woke Kelanie up with the
sampled victory-screech of some carnivorous xenoform.  She was up
immediately, eyes wide, fingers clawing the pillow-pads, gasping with
shock as the subconsciously-induced adrenalin shivered through her
system.   As she calmed down, her pupils dilated out from crisis-
induced pinpricks, her breathing and pulse rates returned to normal,
and she wondered, not for the first or last time, if life was like
this in the private sector.   She scrambled off the bed as it began
to deflate and retract into the wall.
  Her personalised holographic news service activated as she stepped
into the shower.   It took the appearance of an old man dressed in a
monk's habit, who bore a strong resemblance to William S. Burroughs.
It leered at her, and croaked,
  `Rough night last night?'   She pushed the oxygen control with the
heel of her hand, took a few deep snorts.   Under the stream of
high-pressure hot water, she soaped herself and replied,
  `Mind your own ratty business, line-noise.   What's on the agenda
for today?'   The news laughed, wheezing and rasping.
  `Come on, seriously!   I refuse to believe that you don't remember
the event you have been awaiting, for - how long has it been?'   She
turned off the shower, snorted some more oxygen and, with a warm
towel over her shoulders, found some clean underwear and a long
jumper she had only worn three times since it was washed last.
  `Three months.   You can assume that I've been on the ExPort
waiting list for so long that I've forgotten where I'm supposed to be
going.   Put on some music and refresh my memory.'   The news spoke
over the soft sounds of a song by `This Mortal Coil':
  `You are due at the NoSan'No'Os ExPort at nine-thirty, to check in
for your pre-flight examination and briefing.'  Kelanie, vigorously
towelling her hair and wondering if she had time for her pelvic
exercises, looked up.
  `The ship's in, is it?'
  `Due to arrive this afternoon, departs for Copperla, Syndaine and
other points towards galactic centre at eleven-fifty this morning.'
She smiled wryly.
  `"Other points towards galactic centre", eh?  As a government
agency, aren't we entitled to more detailed information than that?'
The news lowered its simulated holographic eyebrows and intoned,
  `The NoSan'No'Os still refuse to recognise the Interim Government.
It is their opinion that, since the Maracites have only been in
office for ninety-two years, that they cannot be treated seriously.'
Kelanie found one of her mech boots, and, while looking through the
closet for the other, retorted, her voice muffled,
  `Stuff "seriously"... "decency", or "common courtesy" would be
nice.'  The news, which was a sub-contracted system of the
NoSan'No'Os, replied in a carefully neutral tone,
  `I will remind Miss Camden that the NoSan'No'Os still regard
humanity as little better than animals, and that NoSan'No'Os
transport services are supplied to xenoforms with a much greater
level of social sophistication than humanity, with an equal level of
disregard for what you term "decency" or "common courtesy".  All are
Equal.  None Is Favored.'  This was said with the assurance of an
aphorism.  She said nothing as she found her other boot.  She sipped
lemyn juice from the dispenser as she cold-booted her boots; they
shuddered, purred and beeped as their diagnostic routines finished.
  `Okay.  Any more on my assignment?'
  `Nuh-uh.'
  `Sigh... okay, where did I leave my notepad?'
  `I think it's under the heap of clothes next to the dryer.'  She
retrieved it, and tapped the function key to open a channel to the
transport pool.
  `Single to the NoSan'No'Os ExPort by nine-thirty.'  While waiting
for a response, she threw some more clothes in a mesh bag.  The
xenoform in the Transport department gurgled back at her, and a touch
of exasperation sharpened her tone.  `Is there anyone down there who
speaks Anglic?'
  `Foogle.'  replied the xenoform.
  `Oh, line-noise.' she retorted.
           *           *           *           *           *
  NoSan'No'Os:  (from "Nos-a-Nos", pre-reconciliation Scriptive,
                "Circle within the Circle") Dominant ruling
                bureaucracy controlling more than ninety thousand
                systems by virtue of monopoly on information,
                transport and energy-conversion technology.
                            - Foley's `Unofficial Documents'
  She climbed into the transport through the roof-hatch and slid into
the seat.  The driver said in a buzzing accent,
  `Of destination, be in state of definition.'  She replied,
  `NoSan'No'Os ExPort, and put some wings on it, hey?'  As she
buckled the safety belt, the driver's head rotated one hundred and
eighty degrees, and she found herself looking into the faceted eyes
of something resembling a six-foot stick insect.
  `Of wings, be in state of indicating correct placement.'  it
chirred through its cheap translator.
  `Just drive, okay?  The NoSan'No'Os ExPort.'  The driver slowly
waved its antennae, staring at her, and then turned back to the
control column and instrument panel.  As the transport lifted from
the ground and into the stream of AV traffic overhead, the driver hit
a key on its heads-up array with a mandible, and the vehicle was
filled with raucous mariachi music.  Gritting her teeth, Kelanie
paged through the Species ID section of her notepad, until she
identified the driver as a lower-caste Kaelen.   Reading further:
       `... when requesting respectful silence for the involved
       "Hive Separation" ritual, the Kaelen Queen emits a
       pheromone (scent chem.ref 976541) and emits a traditional
       "cry of distress" screech-tone (hear aud.ref 976537)'
  She patched the audio reference through to her notepad, held it up
so that the point speaker was just behind the Kaelen's backwards-
pointing resonator-plate, and keyed it.  It played louder than she
expected, and the transport almost fell out of the traffic stream as
the Kaelen frantically chewed at the heads-up array controls.  The
music cut off in mid-trumpet-bray.
  `Of interpersonal relationships, being placed in situation of
obligation due to social error.'  She kept reading until she had
finished the section on the Kaelen lower caste.
  When the transport had settled on the concrete pad at the southern
edge of the NoSan'No'Os ExPort, she climbed out and tapped the
driver's side window, which lowered with the grinding sound of
poorly-lubricated biotech fairings.
  `Of interpersonal relationship, emphasis! placed in situation of
obligation due to error.'  She held up her right hand, made a fist,
splayed her fingers and said,
  `Of large-array social status, in state of adjusted obligation.',
which meant, in effect, that humanity was in some way indebted to the
Kaelen and this exchange had mitigated that debt somewhat.  She
smiled, and the Kaelen's antennae flattened out.  She was impressed;
here was a lower-caste xenoform that could interpret human facial
expressions.  Most xenos didn't bother.  This Kaelen was probably a
university student.
  She strolled across the expanse of concrete, swinging the mesh bag,
shading her eyes from the morning sun with her forearm.  Apart from
the control/customs bunker, the ExPort resembled a series of linked
concrete ovals.   As she crossed the lower of six outer landing pads,
she half-expected to see a cricket pitch set in the middle.
  She was met at the warehouse-sized door of the bunker by a boy who
appeared to be about twelve years old, wearing bright green shorts
and t-shirt, and skate-board pads on his knees.  He brushed aside a
wayward fringe of carrot-coloured hair, and waved to her.
  `Miss Camden?  Bureau of Procuration?  Hi, i'm Denkaster, Port
Administrator.'  She followed him into the open-space office and took
the seat he offered her.  `Do you have your medical records handy?'
he asked, sorting through a pile of fiche plates on his cluttered
desk.  She nodded, and touched the Match Fields key on her notepad,
which emitted the familiar `screeee' sound of notepads matching
carrier frequencies.  While the notepads exchanged handshaking
signals and then information, she asked,
  `Do you know where this transport is going?  after Syndaine, that
is?' Denkaster sighed, found the fiche he was looking for and
replied,
  `'fraid not... you know the NoSan'No'Os, never tell us anything.
Although I do have some notes from your section head on Syndaine that
relate to your assignment... your notepad should have them now.'  She
thanked him absently and started paging through file areas looking
for the information, which had been, as usual, mis-keyed as
`corrections to existing documentation'.
  Sitting in the departures lounge, Kelanie read the notes.  She was
expected to travel to `Millimillenary' (a central exchange for
passengers of the NoSan'No'Os, ninety-five light years away), and to
`entertain' an executive of the Tendeysharhi, a species she had never
heard of.  In fact, her notepad had never heard of them either.
  `Wonderful.  How the hell am I supposed to work with a sentient
that I've never seen before?'.  Reading on, she noted with rising
indignation that Starkey, her section head, expected her to interview
the members of the Tendeysharhi entourage, with a view to picking up
the proper etiquette and approach.  Angrily, she punched Starkey's
phone number into her notepad.
  Starkey answered, though as usual, she employed video filters to
prevent anyone from identifying her.  In a weary voice, Kelanie
asked,
  `Okay, Robyn, what's the big deal?  How am I supposed to make it
with an alien that the Registry hasn't even heard of?   Line-noise, I
don't even know if it's an oxygen-breather!'
  `Kelanie, dearest... how are you?' Robyn's filtered voice only just
matched the aliased squares that represented her lips, and again
Kelanie wondered if she was working for an artificial intelligence.
If this was the case, Kelanie was not surprised that Starkey wanted
to keep it quiet, given the NoSan'No'Os' restrictions on
machine-based consciousness.
  `I'm just a tad apprehensive about giving a blow-job to something
which may or may not have a dick, that's all!'  Kelanie replied
sarcastically.   Robyn held up a hand, palm out.  It appeared as a
mass of pale pink squares on the display projected by Kelanie's
notepad.
  `I know, I know... this was dumped in my lap, and I don't know any
more about it than you, although we're laying even money that it has
something to do with the Humanist faction in the Maracites-' Robyn
stopped when she saw the "I don't want to get drawn into another
tedious political argument" expression on Kelanie's face.  `- and...
well, at the base level, it's to seal a trade agreement with the
Tendeysharhi.  What else can I say?'
  `You could tell me something about Millimillenary, for a start...
have you ever been there?'  Kely thought she detected a smile on
Robyn's face.
  `Once.  There are other humans there, I believe.  And despite what
you've undoubtedly heard of the NoSan'No'Os, you won't be treated
like a sardine in a tin.  Their ships are often nearly empty, when
heading back towards the Centre.'  Kelanie tilted her head to one
side, staring at the surrealist image that her notepad was showing.
  `Robyn... what do you think about the NoSan'No'Os?'  This time, she
was sure that Robyn smiled, before giving the Bureau salute (pressing
the back of her hand to her lips) and hanging up.
           *           *           *           *           *
 <000077> requesting connection    ............
         connection established    connection established
 what do you want, 000077?  I'm
       very busy at the moment.    You are always very busy! We
                                   have to query this expenditure.
                     which one?
                                   Authorisation: 492497A9, Code
                                   AF1CF3C7F8C65E98A06ED63C87E542C
                       Ahh yes.    (Miscellaneous), relating to
                                   the termination of N-FRF-Knh/K.
  What seems to be the problem?
                                   Isn't 5x10 to the minus two CCI
                                   rather a lot to devote to the
                                   elimination of one race?
    It is indeed.  I think it's
            justified, though.    Well, okay, sure, but can you
                                   give us some explanation? This
                         (sigh)    is going to throw out our
                                   quarterly budget something
 Your place is to accept orders    shocking.
 and execute them.  My place is
  to formulate orders.  That is
  all the explanation I need to    Understood...
  give.   To you, particularly.    Understood, but -
                             (pause)
     Would you be interested in
   (viewing) my simulations and
projections of this species? If
you have four (years) to spare,
            you might find them
   illuminating.  Besides, what    `Illuminating', ha, ha!
     business is this of yours?
       Isn't this more 997913's    Indeed!  it is, it is... but
                        domain?    his system borders on mine and
                                   quite a few others... and there
                                   are a few of us who think that
                                   997913 has not been handling
  997913 has been taking orders    this concern properly.
 directly from me.  I have been
     concerned with this matter    Ah.
  ever since we first contacted
      N-FRF-Knh/K; call it, ah,
     intuition, but I suspected    `Intuition'?  Oh, never mind.
 from the start that they would    That's your domain.
  be a problem.  I thought that
  we could absorb them somehow,
  but it didn't prove feasible.
          They would change us.    Is that possible?
               It is, trust me.    I see.  Ah, can we use the
                                   unallocated PSym resources for
   Certainly.  In fact, I have     this?
  been meaning to call you, to
    let you know, the priority
 for this termination has been
    bumped up from two hundred
and forty-one to twenty-eight.     Oh?  This is going to upset a
                                   lot of the NAPAISubs.
 Too bad.  Just do it.  Oh, by
 the way,  keep your (eyes) on
    200211... he's been acting
     somewhat strangely in the     Will do.
                 past quarter.
      NAPAI closing connection     NAPAISub closing connection
       `The Parkry are a biological anomaly; hive creatures,
        evolved from a much smaller insectoid form, developing
        lungs to replace the smaller-scale spiracle system, and
        yet not developing voices to go with them.  They rely
        completely on written or electronic means of
        communication, and are thus ideally suited to the
        administrative positions that they occupy in the
        NoSan'No'Os' structure.  They are entirely pacifistic,
        having no territorial imperatives beyond a vague sense of
        duty to the hive; an evolutionary memory that has been,
        for the most part, replaced with a sense of duty towards
        the NoSan'No'Os.'
           - Martini Baton, `What the Hell is THAT?', Chapter Two
  She didn't hear the ship arrive, being absorbed in her search
through the ExPort's closed database for information relating to the
Tendeysharhi.  Looking out of the warehouse-sized doors, she noticed
that the sky now appeared to be overcast.  However, sunlight glinted
off the metallic edges of a nearby building, and she saw signs of
activity around her.  She stood, stretched, and sauntered over to the
nearest gate.  Outside and overhead, she could see the bottom of some
huge curved shape, patterned like stained concrete, slowly sinking to
the ground.  On the base of the ship, directly in line with the gate
she stood in was an oval gap, about twice as wide as the gate,
completely dark, as if filled with black glass.  The glass appeared
to melt from the centre towards the edges, and stevedores began
shifting cargo trolleys.  They took care to avoid the short figures
dressed in dark grey that scuttled out on four legs from the rear of
the ship's cargo bay.  Kelanie knew them; Parkry, hive creatures who
made up most of the administrative staff of the NoSan'No'Os.  One of
them turned its blank, golden-eyed, mouthless face to her and
beckoned with a three-jointed arm.  It didn't wait to see if she
followed, merely turned and trotted back into the ship.
  `This is it?' she peered into the round hatch, about a metre wide,
with an expression of distaste.  The silent Parkry glanced at her
from underneath the brow of its curiously flattened head, pointed
again, executed a 180-degree turn on its four stick-insect-like legs
and left.  She shrugged, hefted her mesh bag and climbed through.  It
was smaller than her apartment; spherical, lined with something like
grey foam rubber.  There was a faint smell of aphrodisia incense, as
if the berth had previously been occupied by Kabouter-hippies.  No
bed, datapoint or light-source, apart from the sodium glow that came
from the corridor.  She sat crosslegged in the middle of the floor,
tossed her mesh bag aside; it rolled down the curve of the room to
rest against her leg.  When she activated her notepad, she was
surprised to find that the ship had a local data service, albeit a
limited one, offering little more than expected departure time and a
simple interactive map of the ship, with restricted areas marked by
the NoSan'No'Os segmented circle-starburst symbol.  There were other
areas in this data service to explore, but she decided to leave them
alone for the moment, not through prudence in not disturbing the
NoSan'No'Os, but to leave her something to do during the trip, which
would take between three and seven days, if the translation was
accurate.
  According to the info postings from this system, the ship was under
way, and had already left earth orbit.  She felt no acceleration or
other sense of motion; leaving her bag and fixing the berth's
location in her backbrain, she decided to try and find a window.
  Robyn was right; the ship was almost deserted.  In ten minutes'
wandering through the series of corridors that radiated from a
central shaft, she only saw four Parkry, who scuttled by, tacitly
ignoring her, and something like a six-legged Saint Bernard, which
circled her while she stood stock-still, too cautious to make any
possibly offensive moves.  It stopped, looked up at her (this was the
impression she got, though the xenoform lacked obvious visual organs)
and then ran off.  She breathed a deep sigh of relief, and then
started looking for a toilet.
  She allowed herself a slight measure of distress when she began to
suspect that the Tertiary language didn't even have a word that
related to the concept of `toilet'.  She eventually found a vague
reference to an organic recycling service and proceeded to the map
reference.  It was a room very much like her berth, lined with grey
sponge plastic, sealed with a weak field that contained the faint
odour of chemicals and containing a water-filled pit.  She wrinkled
her nose in distaste, but after assuring herself that she was alone,
proceeded to use the facilities.  She then made her way back to her
berth, with the firm intention of spending the rest of the trip in a
state of low- metabolic-rate sleep.
  When she got there, she found a large cat in her berth.
  When she climbed in to the room, the moggy awoke immediately, fixed
its emerald gaze on her and put its ears back.  She froze.  It looked
like a very tall, thin, wiry humanoid covered with thick, banded grey
fur and with strangely jointed legs.  And a tail, which was now
slowly lashing to and fro behind it.  There were fluffy tufts of
white fur poking out of its ears, and a mat of similar fur running
down its chest.  It yowled something, to which her notepad could only
beep apologetically; fortunately, it had its own translator, which
snarled something like `Anyhah-araha eiyaha' at her, followed by some
sort of insectoid chittering.  She spoke to the xenoform's
translator.
  `Terrestrial Anglic, thank you.'  The translator, shaped something
like a flattened bottle, made some purring noises, and then said in
Anglic,
  `My room, my territory.  I was here first.  Mine.'  She pointed to
her bag, which the xeno had apparently opened and gone through,
spreading her clothes over the floor of the berth.
  `My bag.  My property.  It was here before you were, my claim to
this territory.'  The xeno narrowed its eyes and growled softly.  She
continued, `I will call a Parkry, they will decide -' the xeno
yowled, and the translator interrupted hastily.
  `No, no, I am content to share.  I will sleep in the middle.  Do
not make excessive noise or excrete on the floor.'  She was about to
say something like "well, just who the hell do you think you are,
buster?" when she remembered previous experiences with alien language
translators, and she kept her silence.  The Xenoform curled up into a
compact ball, lashed its tail around it and closed its eyes warily.
She sighed, and carefully lay down beside it, smiling bemusedly when
she heard it start to purr.  She composed herself and began the
mental exercises to prepare for a period of extended sleep.  She
slowed her breathing, inserted some links into her sub-conscious to
awaken her if her notepad should sound an alarm for any reason, and
then drifted off into a deep, dreamless sleep.
  She woke to find that the xeno had shifted and was sleeping with
its forepaws across her hips, its head against the small of her back.
The soft purring had deepened to a husky `brrr', and she woke fully
when it gently butted its head against her back and made a small
`riowr' sound.  She tried to turn without moving her body from the
shoulders down, an d could see one large paw, the size of a tennis
raquet, with three-centimetre-long claws extending and sheathing
reflexively, making tiny indentations in the bare flesh of her hip.
Proceeding with caution, she took the paw in her free hand and gently
lifted it.  The claws quivered, and then extended to their full five
centimetres, clutching her hip in their broad span, the points of the
claws sinking in a few millimetres.
  `Excuse me.' she murmured.  The xeno's translator ignored her.
`HEY!' she shouted.  The xenoform awoke with a start, digging its
claws further into her hip.  She twitched, but remained where she
was.
  `Take your paw off me.'  The xeno's translator paused for a long
moment, and then yowled at the xeno in its native language.  The xeno
sheathed its claws, flicked its ears back momentarily, and curled up
again, excluding her from its personal space.  She turned over,
closed her eyes and composed herself for sleep again; within half an
hour, the xeno had its paw on her hip again, whereupon the ywent
through the same procedure; and again some two hours after that,
after which she gave up and went to sleep in the passageway.
  She regained consciousness two days later, to visit the toilet
again.  She slowly stretched, licked her dry lips, and then noticed
the xeno sitting curled up at her feet, like a doormat patterned in
grey stripes, outside the berth.  It was gazing at her intently.  It
yowled, and its translator said,
  `You sleep.  Why?'
  `No food.  Little water.  Not hungry when asleep.' The xeno's ears
flattened when the translator reported this.  It uncurled from its
station at her feet, entered the berth (on all fours), and emerged
with a bloody haunch of raw meat in its jaws.  She went pale, and
backed away slightly when the xeno offered it to her.  It regarded
her with an air of obvious surprise for a moment, waggled its ears
and then tore into the meat itself, keeping a wary eye on her.
           *           *           *           *           *
       `The Tendeysharhi are a classic example of parallel
        evolution, in that they resemble, superficially, large
        felines, and many feline traits, including an acute sense
        of territoriality, feline language structure (which tends
        towards subtly-intoned yowls and screeches) and a
        tendency to shed large amounts of fur at certain times of
        the year.  The females are noticeably more violent and
        territorial than their mates.  The Tendeysharhi did not
        develop a science sufficient to begin space exploration
        on their own; they were `apprenticed' to the Moridani
        before the Purge, and were allowed to join the
        NoSan'No'Os as a subject race after it.'
          - Martini Baton, `What the Hell is THAT?', Chapter Five
  The hatch melted away, and a breeze wafted into the entry hold,
carrying with it the strange fragrance of another world.  The light
had a golden-bronze hue to it; the sky faded from a pale gold
directly overhead to a curious yellow-green at the horizon.  It
reminded her of the patina found in the folds of old bronze statues.
The sounds of dozens of different languages overlaid and formed
counterpoint to the squeaks, pops, mellifluous surging chords and
crashes of alien music.  The air pressure seemed a bit higher than
earth's; the gravity a bit less.  There was definitely a higher
oxygen content in the air, and she felt giddy as she danced down the
exit ramp, resisting the temptation to swing her mesh clothes-bag.
The cat-like xenoform raced past her on all fours, yowling as if its
tail were on fire, and vanished into the crowd of Parkry who were
rushing to get on board the ship.  She ploughed a furrow through them
and made her way to the customs hut, a pale blue geodesic dome with
three triangular archways cut into it.  Her giddiness was tempered by
the sight of dozens of tall Plateau Bythians casually lounging around
the ExPort, all of them toting dull grey plastic weapons.  She
entered the dome, and felt the itchy tickling feeling that
accompanied mass-spectronometric scanning as she passed through the
doorway.  No immediately obvious alarms went off, so she assumed that
the devices she posessed were within current NoSan'No'Os levels of
acceptability.  She'd heard nasty stories of people who had tried to
commute just before the last Purge, when the standard of Interdicted
technology had been dropped while they were carrying things like
empathic personality emulators and nano-gated NeuralNet arrays.
  She set her translator to `NoSan'No'Os Tertiary', the language used
to communicate with subject races (of which humanity was one), and
entered the dome.  There was a queue, but it was leading in the other
direction, from the other side of the ExPort and into the ship.  A
smaller-than-average Parkry was propped next to a data-post, holding
a vocoder hand-set and waving at her.  She went over and sat before
the xenoform, crossing her legs.  The Parkry massaged the hand-set,
and the data-post said something in Tertiary.  Her notepad's
translator responded immediately:
  `Query: Full Name.  Origin.  Purpose for visit.'
  `Kelanie A'liiya Camden, Earth, Diplomatic Exchange.'  At this, the
Parkry glanced over from the holographic output from the data-post.
It squeezed the hand-set, keeping its glittering eyes on her.  More
Tertiary.
  `Expression of interest, your reference: Diplomatic Exchange.
Query: Which Bureau."  She sighed, safe in the knowledge that the
translator would ignore it, and replied,
  `Bureau of Procuration.'  The Parkry seemed to lose interest.  It
gave her a plastic bracelet, studded with a pattern of metallic dots,
and the data-post played a recorded message, in flat, unaccented
Anglic:
  `This clothing is your identification while you are staying on
Millimillenary.   Do not lose it, sell it or exchange it for
interdicted technology.  You will not be allowed to leave the planet
without it.  It is resistant to all chemicals and temperatures above'
(here, the post made a sound like a poorly-tuned radio), `and below'
(a sound like a bass-pitched dog's whine).  `Please note: it is not
resistant to thermonuclear, fusion or ComonCurensy isotope detonation
above the thirty megaton range.  Put it on now.'  The Parkry was
watching her again, so she wrapped it around her left wrist and
pressed the ends together, which melded to form a single piece.
`This clothing can only be removed by an authorised agent of the
NoSan'No'Os, on your departure from Millimillenary.'  The interview
appeared to be over.  She stood up, and wandered towards an exit,
where small groups of Parkry were still queueing for departure
processing.  She fished the video-eyepiece (which she had not used
since she last visited Japan) from a pouch in her bag and put on the
headband, the eyepiece hanging over her left eye like a pirate's
eyepatch.  It made a tiny `peep' noise as it matched carriers with
her notepad, and the view through the eyepiece blurred momentarily.
One by one, as the processor in her notepad identified and translated
them, various signs written in Tertiary were marked and translations
were appended in the eyepiece's view.  She spotted a data-post marked
`Free Information for the Newcomer' and went over to it.  She spoke
to her notepad;
  `Excuse me?  I need information.'  The data-post made pretty
holographic moire patterns to indicate that it was thinking, and then
replied, in Anglic,
  `Please be more specific.'
  `I need to locate food, water and a place to sleep.  I also need to
locate other humans on Millimillenary, if there are any.'  Another
pause, more moire-patterns, and then,
  `Food and water for humans can be obtained from the Human Embassy,
at LFFRE-77153.  No information regarding requirements for,' and it
quoted her words, playing a sample of her saying "a place to sleep",
`is available.  You will find other humans at the Embassy.'  It
displayed a map (which looked like it might have been designed by
Piet Mondrian).  Her notepad translated the text, and if she was any
judge of distance, the Embassy appeared to be about seven hundred
kilometres away from the ExPort.
  `Are there any places matching my requirements, closer to the
ExPort?  If so, please list the five closest, and the distance to
them.'  Another pause, and then:
  `There are three.  "Maracite Information Exchange Registry",
LFFRB-77151, six hundred and ninety-three blocks from here to there,
"Church of the SubGenius", LLFRB-77122, six hundred and fifty-one
blocks from here to there,' - another pause - '"Waddell's Emporium of
Extremely Fashionable Attire and Quite Nice Ice Cream Parlour",
NRNAL-10021, two blocks from here to there.'  These three were
represented by tiny red inverted `A's on the map, two of them close
to the Embassy, the ice-cream parlour so close to the ExPort that it
appeared almost to be on the same block.  She took a snapshot of the
map with her notepad, expanded it until she could see enough details
to find the ice-cream parlour and left the dome.
  Millimillenary appeared to be completely covered by city-scape, the
entire habitable surface of the planet divided up into a grid, with
buildings that reached up for about fifty storeys, providing a third
dimension that the map wasn't required to show.  The streets were
based in pale concrete, paved with slippery white ceramic plates, and
would have been rather drab and utilitarian if it wasn't for the
hundreds of different xenoforms who streamed up and down them.  There
appeared to be a large single lane of foot-traffic (or at least what
passed for feet on some beings) moving in one direction, and two
smaller lanes on either side, moving in the other direction.  This
tended to work to the disadvantage of the sentients who were on the
outside lanes, and it became apparent that it was often easier to
travel three or four blocks out of your way, just to use the quicker
inner lane.  In places, she saw what appeared to be short grey trees,
bare of leaves, the branches dividing into three from the base,
progressively sub-dividing to a mass of thread-like tips.  She
reached out to stroke a branch which was about the thickness of her
little finger, and it writhed away from her touch.
  Waddell's shop occupied the entire ground floor of one block; the
outside was a mass of holographic signs in dozens of languages,
including Anglic, Russic Europan and Katakana.  There were beeps,
squeaks and hums that she recognised as signs for xenoforms that
didn't have a visual sense.  She spent a few minutes looking for a
door, found one (concealed within a hologram of a two-metre-tall
chocolate sundae - her mouth was watering already) and entered.
  The ice-cream parlour was located in the centre of the store, with
the clothing displays surrounding it.  The clothes looked like
theatrical costumes - surely, no-one wore Elizabethan ruffs these
days!  She began to think that this store catered more for xenoforms
who wanted to dress up than for actual humans.  She wondered why she
hadn't thought to ask the data-post at the ExPort exactly how many
humans there were on Millimillenary.  At least the music was
terrestrial - early Robert Smith.
  There was a dejected-looking young man with short dark hair sitting
behind the counter.  He was cleaning a small metal part from a
blender that was disassembled around him.  A xeno that resembled a
metre-tall kiwi-bird hopped up on to the counter and said,
  `Reeee? Reeeeeeee?'  He took a glazed cherry from a bowl nearby and
tossed it to the xeno, which caught it with the end of its long,
flexible snout and jumped off.  She approached the counter, and with
an audible `click', turned off her notepad.  The young man froze.
  `Excuse me, i'd like to order a chocolate s-' he looked up, and
almost fell off the stool he was perched on.  He leaped off the
stool, dropping the part he was cleaning, rushed over and grabbed her
shoulders.   He stared into her face with a disturbing intensity.
  `Are... are you a human?'  He was trembling.
  `Yes... why?  You seem rather upset.'  His eyes grew wide, and a
look of hysterical disbelief appeared.
  `Upset... upset, she says.  My god!  You are only the third human
being that I have seen in seven years! UPSET!!!' he began to laugh
hysterically.  She broke free from his grasp, and grabbed him by the
front of his shirt.  He kept laughing, eyes squeezed shut, and she
was obliged to slap him.  He stopped abruptly, gasping, face almost
white except for a red palm-print, staring at her in shock.  `I'm
sorry.'  he whispered, turning and stumbling back to the counter,
picking up the polishing-rag as he went.  It was then that she
noticed a chain bolted around his ankle.  She rushed after him,
catching his arm and spinning him around to face her again.  He
refused to meet her gaze, so she took his chin in her hand and lifted
his face.  He closed his eyes and tried to struggle free.  She threw
her arm around his shoulder, drew him close and pressed her lips to
his.  After a moment's hesitation, he responded, returning her
attention hungrily.  His hands slipped around her waist, hugging her
to him intently, slowly forcing her back onto the counter.  She let
him proceed, wondering what sort of circumstance could put someone in
a position where he had to live apart from his own people for so
long.
  She got the story out of him eventually.  His name was Marek, and
his great-grandparents had started this venture out, just over a
hundred years ago, when the NRNAL-10021 district was still under
development.  As the district became less local- and more tourist-
oriented, the business prospered to the point where they owned the
entire block, right up to the fiftieth floor; at this point, they had
attracted the attention of a sub-set of the Parkry, who demanded a
cut of the profits.  When Marek's grandparents had refused, they had
been denounced to the NoSan'No'Os as possible technocrats, in the
employ of the Interdicted Moridani, and had been banished.  Marek's
parents, too young to join his grandparents in exile,  had been
indentured to a local Information Trader, who had taken over the
business (after assuring the Parkry that they would get their cut).
  `... which, as I rapidly learned, was the way things were done
around here.  Still are, in fact.'  Marek fell silent.  Kelanie
hugged him again.
  `What I can't understand is they would put you into such menial,
mind-numbing labour as this, when you would be more useful to them in
an -' he glanced up at her.
  `- administrative position?' He scowled.  `Kelanie, this entire
planet is knee-deep in bureaucrats.  I could spend several lifetimes
here, gradually moving up the ranks, and one day, maybe, MAYBE, I
would get to a position where I could filch a packet of blank memory
cartridges.  Maybe.'  Kelanie was silent.  Marek hadn't yet realised
how high up in the structure her position was.
  There was an awkward pause, during which Marek absently polished an
already-gleaming spoon.  Kelanie's stomach broke the silence with the
sort of gurgle you'd get from not eating for three days.  She glanced
longingly at the array of ice-cream-like substances; Marek glanced at
her apologetically, and then rushed to prepare a `Waddell Special'
for her.
  After sharing the large sundae with him, she asked if there was
somewhere she could sleep, and Marek pointed to a pile of hessian-
like sacks in an alcove, evidently his home.  The chain from his leg
was fixed to a point next to a small wash-trough from which water
gurgled quietly.  There were a few holograms pasted on the wall, and
a small audio player.  She took him by the hand and led him over to
his bed.
           *           *           *           *           *
       `If that's the way it looks, then it probably is, but I
        would be tempted to take it apart anyway, just to be
        sure.'
              Aln Riker, from `Riker's Defense', NoSan'No'Os
              Interdiction Trial Records
  She woke a few hours later, with a sore throat from the sharp
oxygen-rich air.  Marek was hugging her as if he were afraid that
she'd escape.  She idly stroked his cheek, smiling.  It wasn't often
that she had the time, or the inclination, for such recreational
activity in her position.  The intensity of the emotion Marek had
revealed after his isolation touched her deeply, and she began
turning various schemes around in her mind, with a view to releasing
him from his servitude.
  Marek noticed the bracelet she had received at the Millimillenary
ExPort.
  `What did you do to deserve that?'
  `The Parkry at the ExPort gave it to me when I arrived... what do
you mean, "deserve it"?  Marek stroked the pattern of raised metallic
dots.
  `It looks like the markers that the NoSan'No'Os place on crates of
interdicted technology... I think it's an identifier for possible
criminal activity, sort of like a warning... it means that if you
were arrested, you'd be taken to the Office of Threat Termination
immediately, no questions asked.'
  `Threat Termination?  That sounds a bit extr-' Suddenly, a voice,
speaking in Anglic, called out from the main counter.
  `Waiter?  Way-y-te-r-r!!!!'  She was mildly surprised to recognise
the voice - it belonged to a pre-millennium video actor, Rik Mayall.
She turned over, and peered at the counter.  She couldn't see
anything there, but the voice called out again, in exactly the same
tones.  She suspected that it was being generated by a digital
sampler.  She got up, draped some loose bedding material around her
shoulders, but after realising that there were very few xenoforms on
Millimillenary that would be offended by a naked human, she draped
the cloth over Marek instead and went over to the counter, taking her
notepad just in case `waiter, waiter' was the alien's complete Anglic
vocabulary.  Looking over the counter, she saw something like a
swollen turtle shell, almost two metres long and a metre tall.  She
could see her reflection in the smooth, glossy black surface; the
shell was completely featureless, not even a sign of feet, wheels or
other methods of propulsion - it seemed to slide along the ground by
sheer willpower.  She felt a faint tickling sensation behind her
breastbone as the xeno turned to face her, probably caused by some
sort of sonar-based sense.  The xeno spoke again, employing another
audio sample, a very old one judging from the degree of noise that
accompanied it:
  `Where's our fish?  We've finished our fish!'  Kelanie was paging
through her notepad's Species ID files, which had been greatly
augmented by access to the local data service; this alien lacked a
name that could be easily represented in human terms, and was simply
denoted by the code `N-SVW-Tre/A'.  There was a Tertiary language
interface available, so she patched it in and spoke to it.
  `How may I serve you?'  The notepad converted her expression to
Tertiary, and from there to N-SVW-Tre/A, which sounded like a wavery
cockatoo screech which rose in volume and then faded again.
Apparently, the N-SVW-Tre/A's natural communication took place on a
frequency higher than human hearing, because the translator returned
its response after a short pause, during which all Kelanie heard was
the faint jingling and crashing of the music.
  `I had thought you incapable of sarcasm, Marek.  (carriage return
line feed).  Have you been taking lessons behind my back? (carriage
return line feed).  And from which of our worthy customers did you
steal that instrument?  (carriage return line feed).  I believe that
it is high on the NoSan'No'Os Interdiction list, if it is what it
appears to be, and if you continue to point it at me, I will have you
beaten.  (end of file).'
  What an asshole, (carriage return line feed), Kelanie thought.
Marek rushed up, pulling on a pair of pants, and threw himself down
in front of the xeno, kneeling, arms thrust back, forehead almost
touching the floor.  Acting on instinct, Kelanie started a
holographic recording, sure that Marek's employer was about to give a
graphic example of how poorly it treated him.  The tickling feeling
wavered, as if the xeno was having trouble distinguishing between
them; it finally oriented towards Marek, edged closer to him and
suddenly lashed out with a club-like flipper, hitting Marek on the
side of the head and almost knocking him down.  Kelanie watched,
restraining herself; the holographic recording clearly showed blood
running from a deep scratch on Marek's forehead.  The xeno turned to
leave, and Kelanie nodded, stopping the recording.  After finding a
particularly cutting insult in the N-SVW-Tre/A's relation-table, she
stepped over and delivered a solid kick to the rear end of the xeno's
shell, pushing the alien across the floor into a cluster of
hat-stands, one of which fell over.  The xeno shuddered like a
stalled motor-vehicle for a moment, and then seemed to regain its
composure, turning to face her like an armoured tank.  She felt the
tickling feeling definitely as the blank curved turtle shape surged
towards her.  Marek grabbed her arm and whispered,
  `Come on, don't make things any worse than they -' She held out her
notepad and thumbed the `Send' key.  It gave out a short screech that
stopped the N-SVW-Tre/A in its tracks.  There was a moment of
silence, during which even the background music seemed to quieten.
Kelanie felt the tickling feeling waver as the xeno hesitantly looked
her over.  It hissed, and her notepad translated.
  `Confirm. (carriage return line feed)'  She smiled grimly, typed
her response, sent the translation.  It was so quiet that she could
hear Marek breathing behind her.  The xeno's response must have been
highly emotional, as it was carried on a sound-wave that was well in
the supersonic range... the translator caught it, though:
  `Such transactions are not covered by NoSan'No'Os Code. (carriage
return line feed).  You must offer a minimum amount to allow a tax to
be levied on the exchange. (end of file).'  She popped a dull
metallic sphere out of plastic bubble-pack she had been given at the
Earth ExPort, and tossed it to the floor in front of the xeno, which
scrambled after it and then turned to leave.  As it trundled away,
she felt the tickling feeling intensify, almost to the point of an
ache, which suddenly cut off as the N-SVW-Tre/A passed through the
exit.
  `Marek?' He had vanished.  She followed the chain that had looped
around one of the stools mounted behind the counter, and led to the
Millimillenarian equivalent of a broom cupboard.  Marek was crouched
inside, with a piece of recycled hessian paper-cloth pressed against
the cut on his forehead, his eyes squeezed shut.  `Marek, you can
come out now.  It's safe.'
  `He's going to kill me.  He's going to come back and kill me and
cut me up and feed the pieces to his children.  He said that he'd do
that one day if I ever got out of line.'  Kelanie knelt down next to
Marek, putting her arms around him.
  `He won't.  He can't, because I bought you from him.  In fact, I
bought the whole enterprise.'  Marek opened his eyes and stared at
her.
  `You couldn't have.  I doubt that anyone on Earth has enough money
to buy this property - what did you say to him?'
  `I reminded him of a sub-section of the NoSan'No'Os Code, the part
regarding proper treatment of equipment and subject races, and I told
him that if the InterSpecies Advisory group saw this recording I'd
made, that he and his entire species could be deported as a possible
`Risk Of Violent Species' classification.  I then offered my word as
"a Human" that I'd erase the recording if he sold you to me... and he
couldn't sell you unless he sold the shop as well. Marek's face fell
slightly.
  `So, you're my owner now.'
  `No!  I'm not even your employer - bureau associates aren't allowed
to have anything to do with the private sector.  I'll have to sign
the entire thing over to you.'  She smiled.  Marek got up.
  `First thing we have to do, is sell it.  My master - my old master-
is probably off right now to find some mercenary Pthalklin Ervae that
he can pay to torch the place, that's the way their minds work...  I
know a few factors who'd be interested in this property.'  He moved
over to the telephone, keyed the contact panel.  Some words appeared
in angular Tertiary script, which her eyepiece translated as `Finding
Free Data Channel: Please Wait'.  They waited, Marek tapping his
fingers impatiently on the console.  More letters appeared on the
screen:
       While You <approx> Are Waiting:  Concern <approx> is
       experienced by your government's Technological Control
       Bureau when rumors/unconfirmed reports <approx> appear,
       indicating that the Technological Interdict is not being
       taken seriously <approx>.  Remember: only you <approx> can
       prevent thermonuclear devastation on a wide scale.
  Kelanie was incredulous.
  `Government propaganda!  They never stop, do they... I wonder how
the NoSan'No'Os Bureaucracy has managed to stay together for this
long... I thought that bureaucracy was one of the least inherently
stable forms of government.'  Suddenly, the telephone screen cleared,
and a voice spoke in Anglic:
  `Human Bureaucracy is inherently unstable.  NoSan'No'Os Bureaucracy
is not founded on greed and the inherently human sense of blind
self-importance.  This message was brought to you by the office of
Millimillenarian Technological Control.'  Marek smiled at this, and
when he caught Kelanie giving him a quizzical look, he said,
  `They're always listening... it's just as well you didn't say
anything really inflammatory, otherwise,' (the 'phone pinged, and the
`call open' message flashed up) `those Ervae that my ex-master is
hiring would find a big hole in the ground here when they came to
torch the shop.  Anyway, your call is always put through just after
one of those little messages... you just have to be careful that you
don't say something too inflammatory.'  Marek addressed the telephone
in flawless Tertiary, and a bizarre psychedelic pattern appeared on
the screen, oscillating and flashing through hundreds of glowing
