got out on the same floor as I did. After my meeting I walked past the
door of the room he had gone into. Words floated to me.
   "....well, Metziger, these are the photographs...."
           "....in Tudor Sutton?...."
   "....yes, meet him in the Public Baths building...."
        "....which method to use...."
   "....make sure you carry a silencer...."
        "....guns are most dangerous, Firth...."
   "....come on, Metziger. There are no points for style, only to get 
            the job done...."
        "....remember the Gulvner case...."
I had to get away from the door. I looked a little conspicuous standing
there eavesdropping. I moved out of earshot.
     But I knew then, you see. "Remember the Gulvner case...." Now, at 
last, the murdwer of Eleanor Gulvner would be brought to justice as I 
had planned. And so came about my nocturnal visit to Metziger's home.
     He answered the door, and fortunately did not recognize me from 
the elevator.
   "Can I help you, Mr., uhh...."
   "Doesn't matter what my name is," I replied tersely. "It is neces-
sary that you let me in."
   "But, sir...."
   "Let me in."
   "This is a private home."
   "And this is a private matter."
   "Perhaps you should explain," he said coarsely.
   "We've adjusted our needs for the job."
   "What job?"
I lowered my voice. "One of your jobs, Metziger. We've had a little 
change in plans."
Then he abruptly admitted me.
   "Oh, of course, naturally. Although I do wish you wouldn't come cal-
ling so late."
   "It is quite urgent, I assure you. And phones are too dangerous."
I demanded a glass of sherry and went into his living-room, relaxing on
a comfortable divan, which was probably bought with the money he got 
from killing Eleanor, and sipped at the sherry. He sat down with a mar-
tini.
   "So, which group do you represent? I don't believe I know you."
   "I was sent....as an anonymous message-bringer. There is a problem
with the murder of....well, perhaps we shouldn't discuss it just yet."
   "No?"
   "I am under....a certain amount of stress. I would be perhaps better
if we did something to release the tension. A game of chess, perhaps."
   "Chess?"
I pointed to the board on the coffeee-table. "Yes, Metziger. Set it up,
will you?"
   "Oh," he hesitated. "Alright." He began putting tokens in their pro-
per places.
   "I'll play black," I mentioned.
We played close on an hour, I believe.
We pushed our pawns.
We maneuvered our knights.
We throttled our rooks.
     Suddenly he bolted a bishop, and took a pawn, placing me in check.
I reacted casually by moving my king OUT of check.
I was thinking, not of the game, but of him.
          (Ask him now, ask him now)
He slid a queen out of firing range of one of my bishops.
          (He killed Eleanor, he killed her)
Push a pawn.
          (Ask him now if he did it)
Thrust a rook.
          (Remember the Gulvner case)
Slide a bishop.
          (He deserves to die)
He took a pawn.
          (Do you take for a living? Ask him now)
Revolve my knight back.
          (Now....do you kill for a living)
Pawn....no, rook.
          (Now kill for a living now?)
I put him in check.
Aha! CheckMATE! (Ask For a living now?) I was on my feet in an instant
and produced a revolver from my pocket.
   "Now!" I screamed. "Checkmate! You will take no more lives."
With that I pulled the trigger. A reverberating shot echoed through the
house. Metziger, shot square in between the eyes, collapsed onto the 
board, and a rook rolled forlornly off the edge of the table. I left 
the revolver and empty glass on the bar, and went out to the car, slip-
ping away into the night.
     And the Police, damn fools, found me out. And you wanted details!
Hope you wrote them down, because I won't be repeating them until the
trial.
     Have the worst lawyer, by the way.
          (Ask now Do I kill?)
                                            The Martyr
Press Enter...
                     Dreamworld by Zaphod Beeblebrox
     Morning.  One of the best and worst times of the day all at
once. I got out of bed and got dressed, then went upstairs to get
some breakfast. After seemingly eons the bus finally came and I'm
off to school. 
     School. What a rotten place! I really don't like to be here at
all, except for chemistry, and especially my lab partner Alishia.
I know very few people, but everyone knows me, and I have only a
few friends which I see once a day. 
     The day is a drag, and up until fourth very uneventful.
     "Hey, Alishia."
     "Hi, what's up?"
     Her eyes flashed as she said that. Her fragile smile glints
pearl through full lips. 
     "Ohh, nothing really."
     "Alishia, would you please be quiet?!" shouted the teacher. 
     Alishia sighed a despondent sigh as a slight pouting look
came to her face, I couldn't resist.
     "She wasn't talking, ma'am. It was me." I replied.
     "Alright then...SHUT UP CHAD!!"
     That got a couple of blank looks from the other students,
but my plan worked...Alishia smiled again. I melted in my seat.
     "Alright class whenever you're ready you can go to your lab
stations and start number thirty-one." said the teacher, rising
above the din. We did what we were told and got to work on the lab.
     I watched Alishia as she poured the different chemicals,
mixed them, observed them, and weighed them. Her movement was
fluid. I examined her hands, her fingernails were the same
length, all real. They were painted a light pink which glimmered
in the light. Her hands were silky smooth and decorated with a
silver ring.
     "What are you doing?" she asked
     "Huh? Uhhh, nothing." She caught me in a trance again. She
smiled, I melted.
     She was about the same height as me, five foot five, with
brown flowing curly hair.
     "Okay, folks. that's all the time for today, clean up." said
the teacher.
     "Well, see ya later." said Alishia as she left. She was a
senior and always left five minutes early. I watched as she left.
She walked like she was floating. Despondently I cleaned up.
     Lunch lines always bothered me, mainly because I was rather
short and people felt that they could just cut right in.  After
purchasing what the school calls a 'meal' I went past Alishia's
table to get one last look. She was with friends, people I didn't
know but probably knew me.
     I went to my place upstairs, across from my chemistry class,
and ate. Alone.
     I ate on the west side facing east. To my right and left the
hall extended. On my left, however, the hall only went for a-
nother hundred feet. There it ran perpendicular to another hall
and made a 'T' intersection. At the top of the 'T' was a large
window and several students ate below that.
     Suddenly something came through the window and the halls
light up with light as a loud explosion rendered me deaf for a
minute. Then the sound of panic, screams in every direction, and
the sound of more explosions and automatic weapon fire. Quickly
I scrambled to my feet and ducked in between some lockers and a
door.
     I peered down at the window and saw a man with an automatic
rifle running my way, taking pot-shots at the kids who were try-
ing to run away. I saw my chance, as he passed I leaped from my
hiding place and caught him around the ankles. He flew face first
into the floor, and hit with an unnatural 'Crack'. His gun skit-
tered off to the side lockers and I scrambled for it. I needn't
have though since he had fallen on the bridge of his nose and
sent bone fragments to his brain. I killed him.
     I stood with the gun pointed at him and watched as blood
poured from his lifeless face. Once I regained my control I
searched him and found three full clips. I reloaded, reading
'Guns and Ammo' really came in handy! I charged down the hall and
rounded the corner to the stairway to the cafeteria.
     A man in his mid twenties looked at me, utterly stupified.
Around him lay ten or eleven dead students. Without hesitation,
and still running I pulled the trigger. His stomach burst in
crimson redness, as his face took a look of utter horror. He
doubled over and dropped to the ground.  Dead.
     I leaped over his body and zipped down the stairs. I rounded
the final corner to the entrance to the cafeteria, three men were
about to enter. I squeezed the trigger until my knuckles turned
white.  With the gun at my hips I pulled it up diagonally as it
sprayed forth lead death. The first of the three fell face for-
ward as his legs received four blows. The second's side opened up
to reveal his intestines to the floor. The third dropped back-
wards as his head violently spewed fourth the remnants of his
brains.
     Since I had not killed the first one he retrieved a pistol
and as I charged at him, he shot and glanced my left shoulder.
I winced as my shirt ripped open exposing my bare flesh, the
flesh slashed open by hot lead. I screamed, and the pain went
away. I screamed and shot the first man in the chest, I was so
close that I heard his last breath as he collapsed in a bloody
heap.
     I burst through the doors and saw all of the students hud-
dled in a corner, scared, crying, some wounded, some dead. I saw
a man with a hunting knife who was about to stab a young oriental
girl.  I came to an instant halt as time momentarily froze. I put
the gun butt to my shoulder and took aim.  I pulled the trigger.
     I remembered a time six years ago, on a camp-out with the
Boy Scouts. I remembered the rifle contest and the target as I
fired and pierced the center. As I fired and pierced the head of
my foe, he dropped like a sack of lead, the girl screamed as his
blood squirted upon her dress.
     Time was back, the moment was real, lives were at stake, and
two men threw a table on its side and ducked behind it. I leaped
behind a corner which extended from the wall. The gun was empty
and I checked the ammunition to find a clip of teflon coated bul-
lets. They fired and I heard it pierce the cinderblocks I hid
behind. I reloaded and they fired again. I sprang around the cor-
ner and let loose the bullets, which went through the cheap ply-
wood table as if it wasn't there. I heard the screams of agony
and when I got to the table witnessed one of them go through the
throes of death.
     The cowering students now stood completely still, the crying
stopped, the moaning ceased. They stared, shocked, they knew me,
they thought I was a whimp.  Then one boy took a cautious step
away from the crowd, slowly he moved in the direction of the
door. His eyes never left mine. I couldn't tell if he was scared
of me or just dazed. Then in a flash he bolted for the door. Then
others ran past. I ran into their midst. I saw Alishia, I grabbed
her and dragged her away. 
     The crowd ran on, now not intimidated, they were panic
stricken, a few were trampled at the door.
     "Are you okay?" I asked.
     She grabbed me and put her head on my shoulder and began to
sob. I tried to condole her.
     "Shhhh. It's alright, you're safe now. Don't cry." 
     I was pleading.  Her weeping began to stop. I found a tissue
in my pocket. I offered it to her, and she wiped away the tears.
     "Are you alright?"
     "Y-y-ye-yes. I'm fine."
     I heard more fire, I knew now that the students had been cut
short in their efforts to escape. I grabbed her hand and made her
follow me, I knew a back way out.
     We picked our way through the heap of bodies at the door and
ran down towards the east end of the school. We got to the end
only to find the door and area ceiling collapsed, three mugs
guarded a make shift ammo-dump. Quickly I let loose a stream of
bullets, which impacted into the throat of one and the left arm
of the other, until the gun jammed.
     Luckily they didn't have their guns in hand. The only un-
injured one leaped to his feet and pulled a long hunting knife.
His arm went up and pulled the knife down towards my chest.
     I remembered one year ago, in self defense tae kwon do, re-
ceiving my blue belt. I remember going through the self defense
techniques of knife fighting.
     Instinctively I threw my left fore arm up in a high block as
his wrist hit mine. I then pushed up and my arm around his, pul-
ling him a little off balance.  I brought up my leg and kicked
him in the ribs. As he flew back, I caught his wrist and snapped
his forearm over my knee. The bone splintered in three pieces and
ripped through the skin. As he screamed I jump-kicked his face
and the force threw his head back so violently that his neck
snapped.
     The last man with the wounded arm had by now found a hand-
gun. He leveled it at me and began to laugh.  As he laughed I
dropped to the floor, at that move he fired, but missed. I grab-
bed the knife and launched it. It sailed through the air like a
dart and found it's mark in his right eye. I now realized that
Alishia was screaming.
     I turned to see her on her knees crying. I looked around for
a new weapon and found an RPG and a handgun. I went to her and
tried to comfort her.
     "You could have been killed!" she cried.
     "I did it for you. I came back for you. I-I..." I couldn't
say it, my stomach turned weak for the first time, "I love you,"
it finally came out, and the words flew from my mouth.
     She looked at me.  Amazed.
     "C'mon." I grabbed her and we headed for the last exit.
     We were running down the main hall, I saw through a window
that the National Guard, Army, Swat, Police, Fire Dept., curious
on lookers, and concerned parents had arrived.
     The noise of all of those people rose to a crescendo, and
then died. It was entirely silent. Alishia's grip on me firmed.
Time slowed to a snails pace. The main entrance was in sight.
Ten men with automatic weapons stood there holding the head of
one of the teachers. Displaying it to the onlookers as a sign.
The people outside were trying to negotiate. I stopped.  One man
looked my way. Too late, I pulled up the RPG.  He pointed my way
and raised his rifle. I pushed Alishia to the floor. Four others
looked in unison, shocked. I released the safety. They raised
their rifles. I heard my heart beat, Alishia's breath, and the
click of the trigger.
     In an instant the place where they stood went ablaze. The
ceiling shook, windows shattered, and smoke filled the hall.
     A drop of water splashes on my cheek and I opened my eyes.
There was a very bright light above me. I saw someone hovering
over me, crying, calling my name.  My vision was blurred and I
couldn't tell who it was. I blinked and saw Alishia with her face
in her hands, sobbing, another tear hit me.
     "Alishia." I whispered, afraid of my own voice.
     "Chad! Chad! You're alright!" she cried more. She threw her
arms around me calling my name.
     "Chad, what's up?" asks Alishia.
     "Huh? Uhhh, what?" I say as I awake to find myself on a bed
at a party.
     "How's it goin'? Isn't this a great party?" she asks again.
     "Wait, we were just in school...right?" I'm really confused
now.
     "Boy, you really are trashed.  Why don't you let me give you
a ride home?"
     "Yeah, I guess I'd better no drive."
     "I'll wait for you in the car. Okay?"
     "Sure, I'll be right there."
     I look around and it hits me that I'm at a party and I got
smashed and passed out. I sit up and wipe my face and feel a cold
clammy liquid on my hand. I look at my hand and find no cuts, but
blood.
END.
A NOTE TO THE READERS:
     Please feel free to post this story on boards, I like people
to see my work. But please don't change my name, I've worked very
hard on this. Look for 'The First B.A.D.' coming soon!
               Zaphod Beeblebrox
Also, if you have any questions you can reach me on The Alamo BBS:
301-434-1028 3oo/12oo baud 24hrs 365 days a year.
 Msg: #3085  Sec: 3 - TALL Tales
      07-Mar-89  03:58 PM
Subj: The Felis-Humano Wars
From: Thief Killer
  To: Cat Lovers
     I crouched down in the shadow of the counter between the kitchen
 and the dinette and quickly assessed my current situation. Not bad consid-
 ering. I had my knife, two throwing spikes and one flechette round left in
 my pistol, and I counted no more than three of the enemy left mobile out
 there. Damn cats had been ready to mount a major offensive, but I had
 caught them a little flat footed. They weren't expecting anyone to come
 by the mobile home where my friend, Disk Driver, lived. Shaggra! I hadn't
 expected to come by either, but since I'd happened to be in the neighbor-
 hood...you know how the rest goes.
     I pulled up noticing that the lights were on and music playing
 loudly
 over Driver's stereo. The high volume was typical, but it didn't strike
 me as odd, until later, that the music had a definite martial sound to
 it, sort of like military parade music.
     Grinning to myself and planning to put a scare into Driver by
 crashing the party I moved quietly up to the front door, turned the knob
 and leaped into the living room screaming at the top of my lungs.
     Driver was definitely surprised. He jumped noticeably on the couch
 where he was tied, and I noticed his eyes widen above the gag that had
 been tied firmly in place.
    Hold it. Let's do a quick inventory. Driver tied and gagged on the
 couch. Military music, still, playing on the stereo. Next to the
 computer that was now displaying what looked suspiciously like a city
- More (Y)/N/NS? 
 map was a small banner showing a sword held in an armored fist. Also in
 the room were a few dozen cats, the typical house hold varieties, who
 were wearing these odd pack like objects strapped to thier persons.
 Standing next to the banner was a cat who was somewhat larger than the
 rest wearing his own pack plus something that looked like half armor and a
helmet with goggles...continued...
(REply Quit ?): 
 Msg: #3086  Sec: 3 - TALL Tales
      07-Mar-89  04:04 PM
Subj: The Felis Humano Wars II
From: Thief Killer
  To: Cat Lovers
 Wait, back up. The large cat was standing,
 as in two legs,and it didn't seem to occur to him, as it did to me, that
 this was in any way peculiar. If he did find it strange, he covered it
 up quite well with his initial surprise at my entrance, then with the
 hastily uttered commands to the other cats in the room. As I saw the
 cats begin to react to my presence it occured to me that if I was going
 to have time to be surprised by these recent revelations I was going to
 have to do a good job of getting myself out of here.
     I turn-jumped back to the still open door behind me, my mind only
 half registering the silvery field that sprang up in front of it.
 It gaveslightly as I hit, and threw me forcibly back into the room. I'm
 glad my mind had half noticed it for that was all I needed to tuck and
 roll my way back to my feet.
      Oh boy. Technologically advanced cats. Just my day. My mind decided
 to let some of the surprise seep in as I stared at the barrier in ill-
 concealed shock.
      There was a high pitched chuckle behind me that I worked up the
 nerve to turn around and face. What I'm going to assume was the cat
 leader was facing me with his hands behind his back. Why did it bother
 me so to see a cat in this particular posture? He was talking to me, I
 should be listening.
     "...surrender seems to be the only option available to you, don't
 you agree?"
- More (Y)/N/NS? 
     His voice was oddly accented and, like I'd already noticed, high
 pitched, but it had a certain musical quality that made it sound
 slightly Oriental.
     "Oh come now!", he (I assume) said with some asperity, "You are out
 numbered and unarmed. Each one of my troops is armed with a high
 intensity flame thrower that will fry you where you stand much easier
 than the human fortifications that we plan on hitting tonight."
     His next comment clued me that my expressions were displaying my
 thoughts and that somehow this cat commander had learn to read human
 body language. continued...
(REply Quit ?): 
 Msg: #3087  Sec: 3 - TALL Tales
      07-Mar-89  04:06 PM
Subj: The Felis-Humano Wars 3
From: Thief Killer
  To: Cat Lovers
     "Faking surprise will avail you not. Do not try and disguise the
 fact that you came to spy and try to figure out someway to stop cat
 domination of this globe. On second thought it occurs to me that you
 are now much to dangerous to be allowed to live. Troopers, take this
 spy and the other human animal outside and incinerate them. Do it
 quickly, we are ready to launch the attack now and we have no time to
 waste."
      I'd been watching the cats with their flame throwers(?), and it
 dawned on me that they weren't really combat trained soldiers. They had
 just been recently impressed into service and the cat commander was de-
 pending on surprise to carry the night.
      It was really a shame he thought I was unarmed. I was hoping that
 their lack ofcombat-reflexes would play to my advantage as I pulled my
 machine pistol and let loose with automatic flechette rounds at the cats
 jostling for the honor of killing the first human in this war.
     Cats yowled and screamed as armor and muscle tearing slivers ripped
 into thier ranks. Many of the deadly flakes tore into the gel fuel packs
 that supplied the flame throwers. Since my rounds were non-incendiary no
 damage was done until one of the trigger happy tried to hose me. Then
 the fun started as the fuel ignited and some of the packs exploded
 spraying the interior of the mobile home with burning fuel.
     It wouldn't be until later that I learned that the concussion had
 overturned the couch and the thick material had saved Driver from being
- More (Y)/N/NS? 
 caught in the inferno. As I was busy trying to save my own hide I
 didn't feel bad about it until I'd dived for cover behind the kitchen
 counter. Let me tell you my conscience ate me up for a few seconds
 there. I'd even avoided shooting at the cat commander for the simple
 fact that he'd been standing too close to Driver and I probably would
 have caught him with some of the slivers as well.
..continued...
(REply Quit ?): 
 Msg: #3088  Sec: 3 - TALL Tales
      07-Mar-89  04:10 PM
Subj: The Felis-Humano Wars4
From: Thief Killer
  To: Cat Lovers
      Smelling cooked cat, and what I assumed to be human, flesh and
 hearing the fire burn I figured now was the time to leave. Let the
 police and fire departments try and figure this one out. Looking at the
 back door and the windows I noticed that silvery field over them as
 well. Standing up I noticed the front door was still similarly
 protected. I also noticed that the fires were dying down quickly. Maybe
 there was something to all the advertising about the fire-resistant
 materials that went into the construction of modern homes.
      I still had two rounds left so I aimed at the field on the front
 door and squeezed. The field incresed in brightness as the slivers
 struck the field and...stuck there melting rapidly into white-hot
 liquid. Perhaps it would be feasible to consider turning the field off
 before I attempted an exit.
     I dropped heavily to the floor as pain exploded in my leg from a
 pencil thin beam of light. The cat commander stood up to his full 15"
 cradling a similarly scaled rifle in the crook of his right foreleg/arm.
 Flanking him on either side were two normal four footed cats with
 flamers and goggles. I recognized these two. They were Driver's own cats
 suddenly gone techno-punk.  This was not good.
     "Before I kill you, animal," the commander sneered,"I will allow you
 to die with the satisfaction of knowing that you have completely
 thwarted our invasion plans. The world as you know it will be safe for
 a few more of our generations. Think of yourself as a hero."
- More (Y)/N/NS? 
     He took a step back, still covering me with the rifle, and depressed
 a key on the computer. The air next to him shimmered slightly and
 coalesced into a silvery circle about 2 feet across.
..continued...
(REply Quit ?): 
 Msg: #3089  Sec: 3 - TALL Tales
      07-Mar-89  04:12 PM
Subj: The Felis-Humano Wars5
From: Thief Killer
  To: Cat Lovers
     He raised the rifle muzzle to the ceiling and said, "As one soldier
 to another, I salute you." and did this wierd cat thing with his tail.
 He then turned to Driver's two cats. "Lieutenants, finish him off and
 then prepare to gate through with me so I can show you how cats were
 truly meant to live."
     In desperation I dived back behind the kitchen counter and pushed
 against the barrier blocking the sliding glass doors. No luck. It didn't
 do more than give slightly.
     Hearing the cats moving closer, and not exactly relishing the idea
 of being burned to death. I slid quietly back to the corner of the
 counter and slid out both throwing spikes. Assuming correctly that I
 was dangerous the cats were moving carefully as well, but they weren't
 yet accustomed to the added bulk of the flamers and I could see thier
 crouching shadows cast by the silvery "gate" circle. As they were
 getting ready to pounce I threw one spike at the wall opposite my
 position. As the cats spun to confront the new sound-threat, the second
 spike quickly followed it into the fuel pack of one of the "lieutenants".
 Shaggra, was I glad I couldn't remember thier names right then. I
 didn't want to think of them as the cute cuddly furballs they had once
 been, but as the killer/soldiers they had become.
      I didn't know how the damnable flamers were triggered but I was
 depending on inexperience as I brought one hand down on the unspiked
 cat. Already spooked and jumpy he cut loose at the target that I made
- More (Y)/N/NS? 
 sure his body was aimed at. His fellow lieutenant.
      The exploding pack was close enough to me and the cat I held down
 that we both got singed as the others yowl was quickly silenced in the
 engulfing flames.
..continued...
(REply Quit ?): 
 Msg: #3090  Sec: 3 - TALL Tales
      07-Mar-89  04:14 PM
Subj: The Felis-Humano Wars6
From: Thief Killer
  To: Cat Lovers
      The cat I held pulled a trick that all cats have known since they
 were first created. Somehow he managed to twist around in my grip and
 fasten his claws in my arm. I picked him and threw him bodily across
 the room, leaving deep bloody gashes in my arm, and through the waiting
 gate circle. He disappeared with an audible pop.
      The commander leveled his rifle at me and fired. The bright red
 beam missed, but my last flechette round didn't. His armor managed to
 stop most of it, but a few managed to tear flesh and the the rifle
 dropped from his now useless arm. He glared at me from the computer
 terminal.
      "I'll be back, human, but next time I'll have you fighting in the
 arena for the entertainment of the audiences back home."
      With that he stepped through the circle and disappeared. I let my
 shoulders slump and allowed myself to feel what damage had been done to
 me. It was then I heard muffled thumpings and yellings from behind the
 over turned couch. Tipping it back I was pleased to discover Driver
 just a little bit mussed from all the excitement. I began helping
 them up when I heard a thump behind me. Spinning around, half-expecting
 to see more soldier cats, I calmed down when I didn't see anyone. My
 attention was captured, however, by a small, round object that lay on
 the body litterd and burned floor near the still shimmering gate circle,
 hissing slightly.
    "The cat commander wouldn't be such a poor sport that he would throw
- More (Y)/N/NS? 
 a grenade back through the gate now would he?" I thought out loud.
 Not wanting the take any chances, I flipped the knife I still had left
 at it, and, catching it just right, watched it tumble back through the
 circle. I then reached over and turned the computer off watching with
 some satisfaction as the barrier fields and the gate circle shimmered
 into non-existence. After all, playing a game of inter-dimensional hot
 potato is something I save for the holidays...
(REply Quit ?): 
                      The Hunter, The Hunted
          Copyright 1987 by G. Daniel Flower, All Rights Reserved.                          Comments on this story
     may be directed to "Sparks" in the Email or General message section
     of the Gallifrey BBS system, and all such comments are invited.
                            The Hunter, The Hunted
                              by G. Daniel Flower
          He ran through the woods, branches slapping at his face. Sweat
     poured out of his body like a flooding river. His heart beat
     thundered in his ears. This can't be happening, he thought. But it
     was. His pursuer seemed happy to pace him, the distance between them
     remained constant. He jumped over a dead fall and lost his balance
     for a heart rending second. Then he righted himself and continued.
          The woods, which had seemed so friendly and familiar just
     thirty minutes before, were strange and sinister. The trees and
     undergrowth conspired against him, tripping him, teasing him,
     laughing at him.
          He wanted to rest, to give up and let what happened, happen.
     There was a stream up ahead, he could hear it. He headed in that
     direction. At least the water would cool him for a short while. He
     caromed off of a tree and lost his footing completely.
          How easy it would be to lay here and let it finish. Giving up
     was not part of his nature. He got to his feet and started moving
     again. He could see the stream through the trees now. Just a little
     further. His muscles moved like lead. The pain had disappeared long
     ago. He braced himself against a tree on the stream's bank and
     listened for his pursuer. Yes, still there. Moving steadily and in
     no hurry. Moving towards him.
          He took a quick drink of the cool water and then crashed
     through the stream. The water that splashed onto his body was
     refreshing. He wanted to lay down in it's rehabilitating coolness.
     But to do so was death.
          He climbed the opposite bank and continued his flight. A sound
     up ahead froze him in his tracks. More then one! In front and
     behind. Trapped, unable to continue. The will to live just a spark
     in his chest. Enough of a spark to go on, to live. He started
     running again, paralleling the stream.
          The going was too rough along the stream's bank. Too much
     undergrowth, trees too close together. Find the path of least
     resistance; find the path to freedom and life.
          A shot rings through the woods, reverberates from the
     mountains. The bullet removes bark and wood from a tree by his
     head. Close, so close, too close. Jump another dead fall. Not
     feeling, moving by instinct. Get away.
          Another shot, a burning fire in his leg. Mind blocks out the
     pain, have to survive. Blood pours. Must rest. Need help. Someone.
     Anyone. Help. Stumbles, almost falls. Keep going. Another shot,
     closer. Bark stings his eyes. Slowing down.
          Still can't see his pursuers. Won't even know what his killers
     look like. Can't find out why. Why me? I've never hurt anyone. Run.
     Escape. Can't outrun bullets, senses this truth, almost gives up.
     NO! Won't give up. Another shot rings out. He goes down. Pain in
     chest. This is it. Dieing now. The sweat on his body has turned to
     foam. His legs keep moving, for even in death, there is life. The
     legs slow down. Eyes close against the pain. Feels the warm, sticky
     blood on his chest. Not long, now. Almost over.
          The life runs out, legs twitch spasmodically one last time.
     The last, unheard thought courses through his brain: WHY?
          Willy Cranshaw wakes with a start. His bed sheets are crumpled
     into a ball. His mattress is soaked, as is his body. He reaches with
     shaking hands for a cigarette. Another nightmare. Third one this
     week.
          Gets out of bed and walks to the kitchen. Removes a beer from
     the refrigerator and sits at the table. Wipes his face with a
     towel. What does it mean, he wonders. Each dream has gotten worse.
     He had escaped in the first two dreams. He does remember being shot
     at in the second dream, but whoever was shooting had missed. He
     took a long pull from the beer.
          It has to mean something. Everything has a purpose, even if
     man doesn't always understand. All he knew for sure was that he had
     never had a dream like these before.
          Maybe I'm going crazy, he thought. Should bring this up with
     my analyst during our next session. He finishes the beer and goes
     back to bed. No use crying over spilled milk he thinks.
          "Another hunting accident, Sheriff?" Deputy Jim Marshall asks.
          "Looks that way." Sheriff Bob Russell said "That's the only
     thing I can figure. One shot to the head, no sign of anyone else.
     Brush isn't too thick, though. Whoever shot him must have had a
     good look at him, unless he was hit by a stray bullet. We'll do the
     usual check on him, but I have a feeling it will be as inconclusive
     as all the others."
          "Okay, I'll start checking around, see if I can find anything.
     Do you want to tell his wife?" Jim said.
          "No, not really, but I guess I have to. You go ahead with the
     background check while I do that."
          They both jumped when they heard someone coming through the
     woods. Sheriff Russell relaxed when he saw who it was. "You sure
     didn't waste any time, Mike. How's life?"  he said.
          "Can't complain, Bob. Sally got hold of me before I went back
     to town. Figured I should swing by while I was out here anyway. Got
     another 'accident' on your hands?" Mike Howard, ace reporter from
     the Addison County Free Press, said.
          "Yeah, it sure looks that way. The deceased is Ned Williams,
     age 42, from Cornwall. Estimated time of death was around eight this
     morning. He was discovered by John Fields, from Middlebury at two
     this afternoon. Apparently died from a rifle shot to the head. The
     next of kin hasn't been notified yet, so hold off on printing his
     name until I clear it, okay?" 
          "Sure, no problem. Is this one the same as the others?"
          "It appears that way. We'll do the normal checks, but I
     wouldn't hold my breath for any new developements. That's off the
     record, too, by the way." 
          "Any signs of anyone else?"
          "No, not yet. Deputy Ames is looking right now."
          "This is the fifth death since the season opened, Sheriff.
     Certainly you can come up with something?"
          "So far there are no indications that any of those deaths are
     related, and until I find evidence to the contrary I have to log
     them as hunting accidents. We're still waiting on the ballistics
     reports from the State Police. Until we get those in we're at a
     stand still."
          "What would you advise other hunters to do in the mean time?"
          "Make sure of what they are shooting at, and make sure that
     they are visible to other hunters."
          "Anything else?"
          "No, not right now. If anything comes up you'll be the first
     to know. I have to go now. You can hang around here with Deputy
     Marshall until the coroner shows up."
           "Okay, thanks for the info."
          Sheriff Russell hiked the half mile back to the truck lost in
     thought. The first of the ballistics reports should be arriving
     today from Burlington. He knew deep in his heart what they would
     say, "Remington 30-06, 270 grain, fired from the same weapon."
          He got in his truck and picked up his microphone. "Dispatch
     this is the Sheriff, over."
          "This is dispatch, go ahead Sheriff."
          "I need the address for Ned Williams. He lived in Cornwall
     somewhere."
          "Okay, will do. Oh, Sheriff, three of those ballistics reports
     came in today."
          "I'm on my way."
          The sound of a shot rang through the woods. A brief flare of
     pain arced across his back. He smelled fear in the air. His own.
     Run. He dodged trees and branches. Have to get away. Can't let them
     get me. Sweat stung the wound on his back, stung his eyes.
          Breath coming in short gasps, heart pounding in his ears. Help
     me, someone help me. WHY? Another shot. Dodge to the left. Swerve
     to avoid a tree. A clearing ahead. Pick up speed. No trees to worry
     about, no branches. Almost through the clearing. Have to make it.
          The next shot punches through his chest, rips open the lung. He
     falls. Got to run. Gets up. Stumbles, recovers. Body laced with
     pain, so much pain. Another shot, he doesn't hear it. Bullet
     severs the spinal cord at the neck. Collapses, lays twitching on the
     ground. HELP ME! 
          "Damn, I knew it!" Sheriff Russell says.
          "What's that, Sheriff?" asks Deputy Ames.
          "According to ballistics the bullets in the first three cases
     came from the same gun. The logical conclusion is that all of the
     killings are related. Our jobs just got harder."
          "Unless we want to acknowledge the fact that someone is
     hunting hunters, what's the connection? All of these men have
     different back grounds and everything Sheriff."
          "I know, I know. Damn. Get me Mike Howard on the phone."
          He fiddled with a pen as Deputy Ames dialed. The burning in
     his stomach increased. He popped a couple of antacid tablets as
     Deputy Ames handed him the phone. "Hello, Mike, I've got a statement
     to make. Are you ready?" 
          "Go ahead, Bob."
          "It now appears that the five hunting deaths that have occurred
     during the last week are related. The only connection that is
     evident at this point in time is that all of the men were hunters. I
     would strongly encourage all hunters to buddy up from now until this
     case is solved. Anyone noticing anything unusual is asked to contact
     the Sheriff's office immediately."
          "Whew, thanks Bob. I'll get this out as soon as I can." he said
     as he hung up. 
          "Get the radio stations on the horn, Ames, and tell them the
     same thing. Ask them to get it on the air as soon as possible."
          "Right, Sheriff."
          He senses their presence in the woods. They are close. He has
     to fight the impulse to take flight. Stay here, they won't find me.
     Don't move. Someone help me. He catches sight of the man through the
     undergrowth were he hides. He is carrying a stick in his hands.
     Searching. Looking for me. Walking right towards me. Muscles tense,
     ready to run.
          His fear is intense. Why? Why do they do this? He watches,
     nerves and instincts screaming. RUN. But he doesn't, not yet. There
     is another one, he senses. Where? Must know where. A twig snaps off
     to the left. There. Another. Carrying a stick too. The first man
     raises his hand in greeting.
          The deer watches as the second man raises his stick to his
     shoulder. Fire, smoke and noise come from the end of the stick. The
     deer bolts. Must escape. The first man's head explodes. He lies
     quivering on the forest floor.
          The second man watches the deer bound through the woods. Go my
     friend, you are safe now.
          Sheriff Russell looks at the body. Number six, he thinks,
     where will it end. He looks at the hunter's friend. He is in shock,
     unable to grasp what has happened here today. He is no help. Heard
     a shot and thought his friend had bagged a deer. Found his friend
     quivering on the ground instead. At least this time they had a
     witness, if you could call him that.
          They had confiscated the hunters gun. It was a 30-06. A
     popular gun in these parts. The Sheriff doubted if anything would
     come of it. At least this time there would be less of the woods to
     search.
          The murderer must have left the scene going away from the
     hunters friend. The two deputies were busy searching that area now.
     The odds were that they would find something that would point to the
     killer, eventually. Sheriff Russell hated playing the odds. More
     hunters would die before they could do anything to stop this maniac.
          "Hey, Sheriff." Deputy Ames yelled "I think we found
     something."
          Sheriff Russell ran over to where Ames was searching. "What
     have you got?" he said
          "Boot print."
          They studied it together. The Sheriff noticed two things about
     the print. One, it was a popular brand sold by L. L. Bean; two, it
     had a chunk missing from the left side of the sole. "Way to go,
     Ames." he said "Just earned yourself an extra day off. Get the
     plaster kit from the truck."
          Well, my friend. We're closing in. Sooner or later you're going
     to make a mistake and then you'll be ours.
          Willy Cranshaw whistled as he drove home from work. The dreams
     were still there, but he didn't worry about them anymore. They had
     become his friends, and as friends he welcomed them every night.
          He was glad that tomorrow was his day off. Time to do some
     relaxing. He thought he worked too hard, but someone had to pay the
     bills.
          Maybe he'd do a little hunting tomorrow.
          The hunters moved cautiously through the woods. Only a week
     left in the season and none of them had bagged a deer yet. With
     work and everything else they might be able to get two more full
     days of hunting in. The three of them were separated by seventy-five
     yards. They'd seen a lot of deer sign, but so far today no deer.
          John Hanson was ready to shoot his first deer. Although he was
     twenty-three years old this was only his second season. His parents
     had never allowed him to hunt when he was a teenager, so he was
     trying to make up for lost time.
          He'd gotten a couple shots off earlier in the season, but his
     aim wasn't that good. That he should get some target practice in
     before the season started never occurred to him.
          He scanned the woods in front of him, choosing his steps
     carefully. He saw a flash of international orange in the bushes
     off to his left, about eighty yards ahead. A lot of hunters out, he
     thought. He looked to his left and saw Charlie Sole. He couldn't
     see Harry (Charlie's brother) though.
          He looked towards the other hunter. He saw him aiming in
     Charlie's direction. John tried to see what the other hunter was
     aiming at. The report from the rifle startled him. He had scanned
     the woods and the only thing he saw was Charlie. He saw Charlie jump
     and then fall forward. John looked back to the unknown hunter and
     saw that he was moving away from them. 
          John didn't think about what he did next. He braced himself
     against a tree and took aim at the other hunter's head. He braced
     himself against the kick of the rifle and pulled the trigger.
          Sheriff Russell stared at John Hanson. "So you don't know if
     you hit him or not?" he said.
          "No, I don't. I thought I saw him jump, but I'm not sure. I'm
     not the greatest shot in the world, so I probably missed him."
          "Did you recognize him?"
          "Didn't see him that close. All I noticed was that he seemed
     to be lanky, average height. It looked like he was wearing an
     international orange vest and hat. That's all I saw before he
     disappeared into the woods."
          "Okay, I want you to meet me at the office in about an hour."
          The Sheriff walked towards Deputy Ames. He was getting tired of
     pulling hunter's bodies out of the woods. "Find anything yet, Ames?"
     he called. 
          "Yeah, Sheriff. He was hit. Got some fresh blood here on some
     bushes, looks like he's hurt bad. Ought to get the dogs out here,
     see if we can track this guy down."
          "Right. Get the samples, I'll call for the dogs."
          Deputy Marshall showed up twenty minutes later with the dogs.
     By that time the coroner had removed the body. Another head shot.
     Guy knew how to shoot, that's for sure.
          The three men set off on the trail. For someone who was
     wounded this guy sure doesn't take it easy, thought the Sheriff.
     They twisted and turned through the woods. The dogs hadn't been
     necessary so far. The guy was losing a lot of blood. They finally
     found him a mile from the scene of the shooting.
          He was laying face down on the forest floor, his back covered
     with blood. The Sheriff carefully picked the rifle up. Remington
     30-06. They turned him over and searched for an ID.
          "Says here his name is William Cranshaw, from East Middlebury.
     Either of you guys know him?" the Sheriff asked.
          Both of the Deputies shook their heads. The Sheriff checked
     the guys boots. One of them had a deep gouge missing from the left
     side of the sole. "Well, looks like we got our man, fellas.
     Ballistics will be able to confirm it. I wonder why he did it?"
          The deer ran through the woods, ignoring the pain of the
     slapping branches. His heart thundered in his rib cage. Got to get
     away. He sensed the presence of his pursuer. Still there. Leave me
     alone. I've done nothing wrong. 
          He jumped a dead fall and swerved to the right to avoid the
     tree. Sweat soaked his body. Spittle flew from his mouth. Need to
     rest. Can't rest. Must run. Survive.
          He senses the presence of the stream. Cool water. Need to
     drink. He pauses at the stream's bank, listening. Still there,
     closing in. Takes a quick drink of the cool water. Continue. He runs
     through the water, a little bit refreshed. Rest, must rest, can't
     rest. Why? Why is he chasing me? Get away.
          The shot reverberates through the woods. Fear increases. Help
     me, someone help me. Please! Keep going. Life.
          The second shot hits his right ear, tears it from his head.
     Pain, red hot, shearing, unrelenting. Can't stop, can't slow down.
     Run. 
     The third shot enters between the fifth and sixth ribs, rips
     through the lung, enters the heart. The big heart stops beating in
     protest to this unholy intrusion into it's domain. He falls in a
     tangle of feet and lays twitching on the forest floor. Help me!
          Sam Dimick sits up with a start. His body is covered with a
     cold sweat. His bed is a mess of bunched up sheets and blankets.
     What a nightmare, he thinks. Whew. He gets up and stretches his
     aching muscles. Why is he so sore? Especially his ear and his chest.
     The last time he felt pain like this was when he broke his leg when
     he was twelve. 
          He goes to the bathroom and wets a wash cloth with cold water.
     Oooh, that's nice, he thinks, as he rubs the wash cloth over his
     face. He takes the aspirin bottle from the medicine chest and takes
     four of them with two glasses of water. If this pain keeps up I'm
     gonna have to go see the Doc, he thinks. Probably just pulled a
     muscle during that nightmare.
          He straightens the bed up and lays down. Everything will look
     better tomorrow, he's sure.
     Copyright 1987 by G. Daniel Flower, All Rights Reserved.
Iron Bars
He reached a long, muscular arm to the phone, picked it up, and dialed the
number Silona had given him.  Silona laid on the bed in a drugged-out stupor,
having administered a weak injection of heroin to herself moments ago.  No
chance of her overhearing his conversation; at her level of decadence, words
were just background noise to the dreamy images that floated in and out of her
mind.  Yet he would whisper during the phone conversation, for fear of
inserting unsavory ideas into her subconscious.  Sometimes when he watched the
news on TV while she was tripping, she'd hear gunfire and start screaming.  He
watched as her right leg twitched slightly to the side.
   Three rings, and a man answered.  It was Matt. "Yes?" he said gruffly.
"This is Alvin."
A pause.  "Hey -where've you been?  You know that pizza place down by King
Street?  I got a job there yesterday.  Half of what we sell, we never report.
It's cool!"  Matt's mind was already beginning to tick off new plans and
considerations.  Alvin could tell by his voice, which sounded slightly
excited, and always imperative:  "Listen to this!  You'll never believe what I
have to say!"  That was at the root of whatever he said.
"Half of what you sell?  Bullshit."  Alvin said.
"Hey- you come over tomorrow.  I'll give you enough pizza to feed all the
baggers at your grocery store!"
"Yeah, well maybe you could get 10%, but... who do you work for, anyway?
You're going to get in trouble, dude.  He's going to not only fire you, he'll
throw your ass in jail!"
"I'm not worried about it.  He doesn't check, and this girl I know fills out
all the re-supply orders.  She knows what's happening."
"So if I come by tomorrow, you'll have 8 pizzas for me?"
A pause.  "Sure.  Can you get me some grass?"
"You know the answer to that."
The answer was no.  Not anymore.
"I'll try.  Just drop by around 1 o'clock tomorrow, that's the slowest time."
"Alright, cool.  But one more thing.  I called for a reason..."
"Like what?"
"...like, I've been thinking about something for a while."  Alvin said this
directly: "I want to break into Richard's Jewelry store."
Matt laughed.  "Sure about that?  Well, I've got to go.  I need to get back to
work.  I'll call you in two hours."
And wake up sleeping beauty there on the bed?
"No.  Don't call back.  I'll come over there on your lunch break - 12:30 - and
we can talk.  Okay?"
"Cool.  Bye."
    Click.  Silona stirred and moaned, "Wuh thuh fuh you talkin bout, lebe me
 alone..."  He looked at her disgustedly.  It was his fault, having her stuck
 to him like a jailhouse ball and chain, dragging at his feet, hindering his
 every step.  A thin line of drool sagged from her lips.  She'd never quit
 shooting smack, and to hell with his suggestion that she try methadone.  He
 could take the first taxi to hell as far as she was concerned, because he
 never did Nuthin for her, he just nagged and whined all the time about this
 and that, and she was Sick of it.  Sick of him.  Sometimes she felt she
 should just take all his stuff while he's gone and leave him for good, but
 she was just sticking around for the sake of their kid.  Three hours ago
 they had fought.  She had shouted, "Give me the money.  I don't ask for much.
Give me the money I EARNED this week, just for being around, taking care of
YOUR child!  You bastard!"  She had cried.  He stared at her grimly, but
eventually relented. And now she was stoned again.
   He was 16 when he changed the course of his life.  She was a country girl
who he met at the grocery store where they worked -he a bagger, she a cashier.
They flirted.  He took her out, and she gave him what he wanted -many times.
Every day, in fact, and for hours, they would screw anywhere just on a dare -
in the woods, in the car, of course, in the stock room, in a confession booth
at a local cathedral, on top of the store roof.
   When she had his baby, he felt an overpowering sense of responsibility
overcome him.  His offspring, his link into the future!  Holier than anything
in his life!  He married her, and tried to straighten up parts of his life -
he quit dealing dope, he quit performing 'hits' on people that pissed his
friends off.  He went good.
   He was a compact but shockingly strong man of 6 feet even, who could smash
through locked doors and, likewise, human skulls.  The secrets to his power
were genetics, bodybuilding, and anabolic steroids.  He used all three heavily
to his utmost benefit.  But so far as success was concerned, he was a failure.
Certainly, his mind and body were well developed as a whole; his conversations
were truly art, and people sat rapt in attention listening to him speak.  But
he was a bagboy!  Earned 25 cents above minimum wage at the Piggly Wiggly!
Scrubbed toliets, mopped floors, pampered obnoxious customers, and had to
submit to lie detector tests every 6 months as part of the chain's policy on
curbing employee theft.  Get him on his own turf, the battleground of words
and prose, and you'd better verify your insurance policy; but ask him to
calculate next month's debits and credits, or sit him at a computer terminal,
and he is lost, a dazed and wondering child.  The business world spun past
him, oblivious to his energies.
   He put in 10 hours a day at the store, and 3 additional hours in the gym,
working out his psychic storms on iron bars and heavy weights.  Other jocks
looked on him with both respect and apprehension, because while his body
boasted of inhuman strength, his eyes told of a furious rage within him that
they could never understand.  When he did finally return home to their meager
$200/month apartment, his wife would be stationed at the television, glazed
and unresponsive.  His child, now 5, would leap up from the sofa and fall into
his arms... and sometimes cry, "Mommy hit me, Daddy!"  That would stab him
deeper than any knife could pierce through his steely chest.  Once, in a fury,
he jolted her from her stupor with a roar.  "WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY CHILD, YOU
BITCH!!!"  Her eyes darted to him, in panic.  He stormed over to her and
hoisted her in the air by her shoulders.  "WHY!  WHY!  WHY DID YOU DO IT!"
She told him very smoothly, very quietly to put her down, or he would regret
it.  "You know damn well," she whispered darkly, "my family would have you
killed.  No matter where you go, or what you do, you bastard-"  He yelled and
hurled her across the room, where she collapsed against a table, knocked out
cold.  But when she awoke she found a bottle of Captain Morgan's, 50 dollars,
and two hits of smack by her side.  He and his son stayed out that night and
returned the next morning.
   He felt he had one option, one key that would unlock the final door who had
never been able to smash through.  If he had money!  Money is power, money is
freedom!  If he had enough, he could take his kid to Europe and finance a
secret life that would never be discovered by her mafioso cronies.  He'd never
get anywhere in the business world, and he'd never make it out in other parts
of the country.  He had to take a big chance -and why not?  It wasn't like he
had a lot to lose.  His only concern was for his kid, and that made his heart
tremble; he had to do it right.  No leeway for blunders.
   He pulled on his shoes and left to go jogging.  In two hours, he'd meet
Matt, and they would talk of crime.
   Sprinting lightly, gaining speed, jogging by people on the sidewalk.
We were in love back then, weren't we?  We thought so.  On dark summer nights
when we were alone in the car, parked by the lake like typical lovers, we
wouldn't do it in there.  We'd just stay silent, smiling as we looked out the
window at the rolling waves out in the lake.  We were casual about it all,
after the first few dates.  That we'd have sex was a given; the exact time was
not.  I wouldn't say a word.  She knew when.  We'd gaze out into the distance,
thinking about our lives and occassionally uttering a stray comment about our
work -the customers, the managers-or school, and always parents.  I'd
sometimes pluck a Bob Marley-size j. from my pocket and we'd get high on the
best reefer in town.  And moments after that we might decide to let our lust
run wild.  And the details of that aren't about to appear in this my journal,
because that my friend is as personal a subject as one can get!
    I run past a little girl and her dog, a scrawny looking doberman.  So rare
to see poor specimens of that breed, but I just did.  Hmm.  I'm approaching my
normal speed, which is a good competitive pace, much faster than any normal
person could run.  But not Bruce Jenner-fast, no.  I wouldn't even place
against the pros, though I had the body for it years ago.  I'm not a runner,
I'm a bodybuilder.  Not to say the two can't be compatible, but buddy, when
you do steroids like I do, you might know what I'm talking about.  It changes
your physical makeup.  Has some sour side effects that are really biting me
bad these days.  But I can never stop doing them.
    I remember taking her back home one night.  I knew she was thinking dark
thoughts then, but what could I do?  She croaked hoarsely, "Do you love me?"
I was going 70 down the highway at night, taking her back home, but I managed
to put my arm around her and touch her cheek.  "'Lona... you know the answer
to that... What's wrong, tell me."  I looked into her downcast eyes, trying to
forecast what kind of inclement weather was brewing... I saw despair.
"Do you LOVE me!"  She turned to face me.  "Tell me the truth!  Do you REALLY
LOVE ME?"
"Yes, I love you.  You know that!"
"No... No, you don't, you're just saying it!  Tell me the truth!  Do you love
me?"
"Yes!"
She turned to look out the window.  "Do you?  Really?"
"Yes!  I love you, Silona!  What do you want me to say?"
"I want you to promise me something."
"What, tell me!"
She hesitated, sighing.  "I want you to promise me if I get pregnant, you'll
marry me.  I want you to say it."
I stared at her.  "'Lona, it's been taken care of.  I thought about
everything.  I don't want you to worry about -that- anymore, understand?
Don't worry.  I used protection, so much in fact that they'd have to write a
whole new fucking scientific theory if you went and got pregnant anyway.
There is almost no possibility -one chance in a billion, you understand that?
Do you, 'Lona?"
She gasped.  "No!  No, that's not right..."
"Why won't you believe me, 'Lona?  Why won't you listen to me?"
"I want you to PROMISE me, if I did get pregnant, goddamnit, you wouldn't
leave and never come back, you wouldn't dump me-"  She started crying.
"Promise me, Alvin, or it ends right here.  You have to say the words."
"'Lona, I love you!"
"Say it, Alvin!"
