smaller then the lead but obviously related classes.  The other
ships all had unique designs; some were long and sleek with
large batteries of weapons on them, others were boxy and clumsy
looking, apparently carriers of some sort.
    After they passed, the Vigilante took up behind them
matching speed.  Anthony figured that he should learn about
these people before going in for a close look at the Borg.
Besides, they were slowly gaining on the Borg and at the current
speeds, would be engaging them soon.
    "Sir," O'Malley said "I've found the transmissions from the
lead ship, and we have visuals."
    "Main screen." Tarva said leaning forward in interest.
    The main screen changed to what was apparently an older male
of a humanoid race.  He had long styled hair with full beard and
mustache.  His eyes were a bright red but otherwise his features
were strikingly human.  The man was wearing bright ornate robes
and jewelry.
    The sound was absent, at first, as the universal translator
learned the language.  The man appeared to be making a speech to
the rest of the armada...."so by the will of Lin'hrlar we will
triumph over these creatures spawned from depths of Zin'hrlar's
own madness.  I, the carrier of the heart of Lin'hrlar, will
lead you to the glorious retribution of our peoples."
    Others could be seen behind the speaker.  Some wore similar
ornate robes but not as splendid.  Most, however, wore more
practical uniforms.  All either carried side arms or swords.
    Anthony turned to Commander Norton "What is your analysis of
their strengths, do they have a chance?"
    Norton had been scanning the ships ahead of them "Sir, the
lead ship is highly armed and shielded.  The other ships have an
assortment of technologies.  Most of the technology is on a par
with current weapons in use by the Federation; including,
phasers, photon torpedoes and shield generation.  The larger
ships are carriers of probably small fighter craft.  These
fighters would account for why all of the ships have phaser
turrets that are good only for very close combat.  In fact, none
of the ships seem particularly suited for a prolonged ship to
ship battle."
    Norton paused as he analyzed more information from the
scanners "The lead ship appears to have very powerful phaser
cannons.  The cannons, however, would not be highly effective on
a small or moving target.  My guess is that they're meant for
long range bombardment."
    Tarva was standing, staring at the ships on the screen.
"What kind of propulsion systems do they use?"
    "They seem to use some sort of cross between fission and
anti-matter, probably based on compounds unique to their
systems.  Their actual drive system is similar to our warp but
slightly more efficient then the Federation's standard drives.
I think this accounts for their ability to maintain high warp.
It appears that they can maintain their current velocity
indefinitely, but can't do much beyond that."
    "So their efficiency curve goes right up to warp 9.01 then
drops pretty quickly after that, eh?"  Anthony had sat back in
his chair studying the ships in front of him.  "Now we have to
decide what we're going to do about them."
    Captain Anthony suddenly stood up "Lets discuss this some
place more suitable, Tarva, Simon in the Command Room.
Lieutenant S'Erlet, you have the bridge, let us know if anything
changes."
    "Aye, Sir."
    The three went into the command room to begin discussing
options on how to deal with their 'new friends'.
    "We don't have any choice." Tarva said.
    "How's that?"  Captain Anthony knew exactly what she meant
but he figured he let her voice it first.
    "We can not acknowledge ourselves to these people.  It is
directly against mission directives.  Their intentions are
clear, to attack the Borg.  If we reveal ourselves to them, we
reveal ourselves to the Borg.  Since there is no chance that
they will defeat the Borg, even with our help, then there is no
reason for us to interfere."
    The Captain sat back in his chair "I'm afraid I'd come to
the same conclusion.  It, however, haunts me to just sit back
and watch the remnants of an obviously rich and diverse
civilization be destroyed."
    Commander Norton agreed "It is obvious that we would be
unable to dissuade them from the attack.  They appear to be
driven by a strong religion.  I agree that we have no choice but
to remain observers to this conflict.  Perhaps we can use the
information we gain from the battle in future conflicts."
    Tarva suddenly looked up as if having a revelation "What
about survivors?"
    Anthony looked at her "What?"
    "There's going to be survivors, there's always survivors."
Tarva was living proof of that "Do we just ignore survivors?  If
we're just going to sit this battle out, we've got to do
something."
    "She's right, Sir.  We may be able to justify sitting this
out, but we must help any survivors."  Simon Norton seldom
seemed so passionate about anything.
    Anthony had to play devil's advocate to make sure they
thought of all proper precautions before bringing any of the
survivors aboard his ship.  "What will we do with a group of
aliens on this ship?  How will they react to us, will they
resent us for just sitting back and watching.  I know I would.
Will they cooperate with us when we try to achieve our goals.
If they never trust us, we'll have to keep them confined.
Remember how much trouble we had convincing Assali's men, even
after we convinced him, and we were all Star Fleet."
    Tarva and Norton looked at Anthony wondering what his
decision would be.  He finally said "We'll need security on hand
for everyone we bring aboard.  Treat them as unfriendlies,
that's the way they'll see us, and we must be prepared.  Have
force fields up when they're beamed aboard, we don't know what
their responses will be.  Keep them segregated and guarded, I
don't want them to be able to do any random damage.  At all
times, the safety and mission integrity of the Vigilante must be
maintained.  Is that clear?"
    They were going save some of these people, but probably
scare them to death doing so.
    "Sir, who do we rescue?  Do we take the masses off the ships
before they're destroyed?"  Tarva had to have some 'official'
guide lines set for the transporter operators.
    "We'll only take those people whom we can get without the
Borg noticing.  Escape pods only, and after the Borg have
departed.  We do not have room for the rescue of the whole
ships' crews.  Just those who would survive the battle itself
without us being here."  Anthony thought for a second then added
"If we can pull some of their small craft pilots just as their
ships are destroyed we'll do it.  None others, this battle would
be waged weather we were here or not.  These people have made
their own choice to die revenging their people, we can't deny
them that."
    The intercom opened from the bridge.  "Sir, this is
Lieutenant S'Erlet"
    "Go ahead." Anthony said immediately.
    "Sir, one of the ships has increased speed, it appears that
something is about to happen."  S'Erlet was extremely cautious
presenting his simple conclusion.
    "We'll be right out."  Tarva said and the three stood in
unison.
    When they got onto the bridge, it was apparent that the
largest of the 'carriers' had broken formation and pulled ahead
of the lead ship.  The ship had a large boxy body that looked
like it could almost hold the whole Vigilante.  Along the top
where the body slopped down toward the bridge area were thirteen
round hatches currently closed by spiraling doors.  There was
movement at the bottom of the ship.
    A large door had opened along the bottom with the opening
toward the back of the ship.  The door was centered in the ship
fore to aft and port to starboard.  It was three quarters the
width of the ship and a good quarter of the length.  The opening
created, was obviously protected by a force field since people
and equipment could be seen on the lower portion.  The center of
attention seemed to be an egg shaped craft about the size of a
large shuttle.
    The egg-shuttle soon lifted from its place and slipped free
of the carrier.  It immediately began breaking, and maneuvering
toward the triangular ship.  As soon as the shuttle was clear
the large door began closing and the carrier started maneuvering
to get back into formation.
    The course the shuttle was taking was extremely tricky.  It
apparently didn't have the ability to keep up at warp nine.  It
braked and maneuvered until it was directly in front of the
approaching lead ship.  The lead ship opened a door on its bow
just above the ports for its phaser cannons.  The shuttle
continued to break and adjust its course until the lead ship
swallowed it.
........
              **********
              Deny my God, yes, I could do it well;
              Yet if I did, what of my race, my name?
              How they would spit on me these dogs of hell!
              Spurn me and put me on the brand of shame.
              **********
    "Lord,"  The man had walked through the expansive, crowded
bridge of the Star Watcher then ridden up the lift to the Lord's
Dais.
    The man was Sir Utlin Robe'than second in command of the
carrier Star Controller.  Sir Utlin wore the black uniform of a
fighter pilot but the flowing red cape with high collar of High
Command.  Instead of a straight saber that was traditionally
worn by members of High Command, Sir Utlin carried a battle
blaster.  The large blaster hung comfortably in a similar size
black holster strapped securely to his left thigh.
    Sir Utlin stood out in all company, he had the slim, not
tall frame of High Command but was clean shaven with spiked
short hair of a warrior.  His light brown skin and bright blue
eyes betrayed his origins on Tregamalis, but, in this age of
enlightenment, that fact was ignored, usually.
    Sir Utlin stood with his head bowed and the scroll he was
carrying held tightly to his chest.  He stood next to, Lord
Lang'OA Dowe Fin Dragma, Lord Commander of the Lin'hrlar
Protectorate Fleet.  Lord Dowe finished the work he had before
him then turned to Sir Utlin.
    Sir Utlin could hear the Lord's robes rustle as he turned.
"Sir Utlin, Welcome back to the Star Watcher."
    Utlin snapped his hand down and looked up at Lord Dowe
"Thank you, my Lord." he said then held out the scroll and bowed
slightly from the hips "I bring you the 'Pledge of Following"
from Commander Travois of the Star Controller."
    The 'Pledge of Following' was an ancient custom among
Commanders when they were about to follow a Lord into what was
considered a hopeless, but Holy, battle.  Commander Travois was
always the last to issue his pledge, because he never considered
a battle hopeless.  The more 'hopeless' battles Commander
Travois survived, the later his pledges became.  The pledges
had, for some Lords, however, become more of a vote of
confidence then an oath of 'willingness to die'.
    This final remittance of the 'Oath' from Commander Travois,
was, in fact, a very ominous event.  It was an admission from
the most seasoned Commander of the Fleet that he truly expected
to die in the coming battle.
    Lord Dowe took hold of the pledge but didn't take it.  His
red eyes looked through his beard at Sir Utlin.  "It will not be
long now, Sir Utlin."  he said then took the scroll.
    Utlin stood up straight "Yes my Lord," he said formally "I
know."
    An aid working at a console next to Lord Dowe spoke up "My
Lord, we will be within range in ten par."
    "Very good, alert the fleet, start charging the guns." Lord
Dowe then turned to Sir Utlin "You'll want to get back to the
Star Controller before the battle begins." he said.
    "Yes, my Lord."
    Lord Dowe formally opened the scroll and read it, then
rolled it back up and placed it in a rack behind his throne.  It
joined 13 other scrolls.  "Dismissed."
    "Thank you, my Lord" Sir Utlin said then made a sharp
about-face causing his cape to fan about him then headed to the
lift.
..........
    Half an hour after the shuttle had entered the leader's
ship, S'Erlet reported "Sir, the carrier is opening its door
again."
    The Vigilante had taken up a position even with the plane
formed by the formation of the alien ships.  From this vantage
point they could monitor the entire fleet.  The giant door on
the carrier had begun to open again, only this time the opening
was toward the front of the ship rather than the rear.
    "Sir," S'Erlet said "I'm reading movement on the lead ship."
    The shuttle doors on the lead ship had also opened.  The egg
shaped shuttle suddenly exited at a high rate of speed.  It
immediately turned back toward the carrier.  The ship was
breaking severely causing it to approach the carrier extremely
quickly.  It landed in the opened bay almost recklessly.
Because of the size of the bay, it was obvious that the
precision flying was not needed this time around.
    "There's something else," Commander Norton said after
checking his scanners "All ships are starting to show large
power build ups.  The lead ship is apparently charging its
phaser cannons."
    "Can those things be effective at warp 9?" Lieutenant
S'Erlet asked.
    "They must know what they're doing." Tarva said then hit the
red alert button.
    Commanders Norton and Tarva began issuing instructions for
the transporter rooms to retrieve survivors.  Tarva then
reported to the Captain "There are drop teams ready for
deployment in the 'cavern'.  There are also guards standing by
in Transporter Room II. "
    Anthony turned to Commander Norton "Mr Norton, what's our
status?"
    "Sir," Norton replied immediately "Shields are at full
strength, cloaking is on line, all phasers are at full power and
all torpedo delivery systems are loaded."
    Tarva then hailed engineering "Commander Norton, report
status."
    There was a slight delay then Dolittel's voice came over the
intercom.  "Sir, engineering is sealed for battle.  All
personnel are on station.  Repair contingency and rescue teams
are stationed through out the ship."
    Commander Dolittel sat in the rough duty chair in his
command center between the two engine rooms.  Through windows to
his right and left he could see both anti-matter mixing
chambers.  The chambers pulsed casually, in unison, as if
nothing out of the ordinary was happing.
    Right now, the only access between the two rooms were the
doors into his office.  Dolittel could see his technicians at
station.  Most were strapped into rough duty chairs, others were
tying things up before getting into theirs.  There were also
armed guards standing in strategic locations in both rooms.
These guards had the most hazardous stations since evacuation
was designed to drop the rough duty chairs to safety.  The
guards would have to make a run for it if an evacuation was
called.
    "Prepare to drop out of warp on notice" Tarva said to the
helmsman.
    They then waited for the action to start.  The first out
ward sign was from the carrier.  The round doors on the top of
the ship spun open.  Similar doors on the other smaller carriers
also began to open.
    "I have numerous small power sources in all carriers."
S'Erlet said.
    As if to punctuate what S'Erlet just said, thirteen small
craft launched from the newly open doors.  There were apparently
two different types, one was a single seater, the other seemed
to be a two seater.  The single seater had a long tubular body
with warp style engines held out to the side like out riggers.
The two seater was rounded but wider with the pilots apparently
sitting side by side.
............
              **********
              Then, through the ringing terror and sheer hate
              Leaped there a vision to me- Oh, How far!
              A face, Her face...through all my stormy fate
              A joy, a strength, a glory and a star.
              **********
    Upon returning to the Star Controller, Sir Utlin was
confronted by the confusion caused from the impending
deployment.  The shuttle was immediately snatched up by giant
lifts and moved to its storage bay.
    Normally all activity would cease for the passage of a High
Commander, but in times of war these courtesies were suspended.
Sir Utlin always considered most courtesies to High Command a
hindrance anyway.
    Sir Utlin strode confidently across the bay barely aware
that the platform was moving beneath him.  Utlin's cape flared
behind him as he rounded the corner to the lift.
    An operator at the lift immediately came to attention and
saluted, right hand to the chest and a slight bow of the head.
"Sir," he said "Commander Travois wishes a conference with you
before your launch."
    Utlin returned the salute, but without the bow, and said
"Thank you, please take me to the Command Center."
    The open air lift had room for a dozen warriors but non rode
with Sir Utlin.  They sped up past the hangers of hundreds of
fighters.  The fighters hung by great hooks to be more easily
lifted into launch preparation areas.  The system allowed for
hundreds of fighters to be launched in minutes.
    Sir Utlin walked into the small office without being
announced.  If any other crew member, even Command, had done
this, Commander Travois would have their head.  Sir Utlin,
however, being second in command, always had direct access to
the Commander.
    Commander Travois Beu'lrmt Van'derla wore an ornate version
of the black warriors uniform that his first officer wore.  Over
the uniform he also wore a red cape but once again more ornate
and much longer.  Sir Utlin always considered capes that hung
lower than the knees to be impractical and too bulky.
    Commander Travois had long brown gray hair and full beard of
a proper High Commander.  He had light brown skin like Sir Utlin
but had bright red eyes like Lord Dowe.  Though none would admit
it, this one small difference would always relegate Sir Utlin to
Second in Command, and HE knew it.
    Commander Travois looked up as Sir Utlin entered the office.
"Welcome my friend." he said and stood to welcome him.
    Sir Utlin came to attention and saluted with a slight bow
and said "Commander, you wished to see me before I launched?"
    Commander Travois returned the salute with the bow, which
surprised Utlin "Yes, with the Pledge of Following I have
acknowledged to all that I believe this is a hopeless battle.
Many, however, believe that we can win because this is a Just
War."  the worry in Commander Travois' eyes was evident.  He sat
down heavily and leaned back.
    "My friend," Travois continued "These creatures have already
destroyed everything we ever held dear.  They've destroyed
hundreds of ships and killed millions of people.  Our kingdom is
dead.  Lord Dowe believes we can defeat them, I do not."
    Sir Utlin shifted from side to side not knowing why
Commander Travois was stating the obvious "Commander, is there
something more?"
    "I want you to promise me something, between friends and
warriors." Travois said and leaned forward a bit over his desk.
    Sir Utlin stiffened and said "Anything my Commander."
    Commander Travois withdrew the long straight sword from its
sheath on the side of his desk. "Promise me that you will fight
this coming fight as you never have."
    "That goes with out saying." Sir Utlin said almost insulted.
    "I'm not done." Travois said unannoyed by the interruption.
He then handed the sword to Utlin, hilt first "I also want you
to promise me that when the battle is lost, that you will not
allow yourself to die uselessly.  Someone must live to tell
others of our great peoples and of the these evil creatures."
    This was not an easy thing to ask, their people never walked
away from a battle.  They had a strong tradition of winning or
dyeing, that is what they were doing here.  They had lost, but
they still lived.  Tradition and honor dictated that they had no
other course of action.
    "Take this sword" Commander Travois said "It was given to me
by my father and he his.  Its been in my family since the time
when it was our only weapon, when we truly lived and died by the
sword.  It was a time of true warriors and honorable foes.  Take
it now, in honor of my son who stands now, controlled forever by
those creatures."
    Sir Utlin stood for a moment, looking at the sword being
offered.  If he accepted it, he accepted the charge.  He was not
sure if he could accept it, it went against all that he had
lived by, every code, every oath.  Was it right for him to put
them aside when all around him would not?  Never before had one
day seemed so far away and unreachable.
    Utlin saluted again and said "What you ask of me, my
Commander, is the most difficult mission I could ever face."
With that he reached out and grasped the sword firmly.
    "I could have chosen none better for my second, you have my
leave."  Commander Travois said.  He then stood, saluted Sir
Utlin and watched him leave, red robe flowing out behind him.
              **********
              Beneath the pines, where lonely campfires gleam,
              In seas forlorn, amid the deserts drear,
              How I gladdened to that face of dream!
              And never, never had it seemed so dear.
              **********
                        "The Soldier of Fortune"
                             Robert Service
            to be continued..............
-----------
                   T H E   V I G I L A N T E
                              IVB
                        "Ring of Spears"
                          (continued)
              Must I now forever and forever go from you?
              Ah, yes I must...for if I do this thing,
              How can I look into your face again?
              Knowing you think me more than half a king
              I with my craven heart, my honour slain.
              ..........
                        "The Soldier of Fortune"
                              Robert Sevice
    Soon all carriers were blossoming an assortment of small
fighters.  The Vigilante had to pull further back to stay out of
the way of the growing swarm of small ships.
    "Sir," S'Erlet said "Current count of fighters is 1,238 and
growing."
    The Borg were currently visible only on high magnification
and holding warp 9.  Suddenly the Leader's ship glowed blue
around its gun ports.  It released two large beams of blue
light.  The beams continued long after they had disappeared into
the distance.
    The Vigilante was watching the ship and the Borg on a split
screen.  The beams had merged to one by the time they hit dead
center on the middle, left Borg cube.  The cube suffered no
obvious major damage, but its lights seemed to dim slightly and
some sparks erupted from the impact area.  All six cubes,
however, immediately dropped out of warp.
    "I think they just pissed them off." O'Malley whispered to
herself.
    "I think your right, Ensign" The Captain responded from
behind her.
    At warp 9.01, the fleet had to almost immediately drop out
of warp to keep from running into the Borg.  The fighters and
other ships leaped forward attacking all six cubes.  The
leader's ship had dropped out of warp as soon as it had fired.
It now approached at impulse speeds.
    The carriers stayed just out of standard Borg range allowing
their fighters to do the work for them.  The five undamaged
cubes started taking immediate tolls on the fleet.
    Each cube projected multiple tractor beams holding the
larger ships at a safe distance while their shields absorbed
what weapons that could be released on them.  The Borg then
initiated their cutting beams, one ship at a time.
    The fighters headed through the Borg's shields and fired
indiscriminately on the cubes.  The Borg's reaction was
immediate, they started firing energy charges into the swarms of
fighters.  The charges took out several of the fighters at a
time.
    "Sir," Norton said "I've got a message coming from one of
the Borg cubes."
    "Put it on the screen." Anthony responded.
    The screen changed to a scene of a bearded humanoid with
several Borg adaptations.  Sections of the mans hair and beard
were shaved to make room for an appliance.  Tubes lead from his
shoulders over his head connecting to the appliance.  His eye
that wasn't covered was bright red, like the man's they saw in
the message earlier.
    The voice was mechanical and sounded like several were
talking at the same time.  "The fighters are irrelevant." It
said  "You will all be assimilated like the rest of your people.
Resistance is futile."
    "Have we gotten any of the pilots yet?" Anthony asked.
    "No, Sir" Norton said "The Borg defenses against the
fighters are too quick, and the ships aren't well shielded we
have no way of knowing who to track.  When they're hit, they
explode immediately"
    "Tell them to keep an eye open, there might still be
somebody we can grab." Anthony looked back at the image on the
screen continuing to tell all how irrelevant and futile the
whole situation was.  "And get that off the screen."
    The on going battle reappeared.  One of the large ships that
had moved in on the cubes was beginning to break up.  The cube
had several tractor beams on it and was splitting it down the
middle.  So far, they hadn't seen any escape pods launched from
any of the ships.
    Then a new strategy became apparent, the fighters after
getting through the shields were able to blast holes in the Borg
ships.  They then flew into the ships.  The cube this seemed to
work best on was the one hit by the long range blast.  But
several others also appeared to have been entered by fighters.
.............
    By the time Sir Utlin had made his way to the launch deck,
his wing and many others had already launched and were engaging
the enemy.  His personal fighter was a modified (of course)
X1-90 single pilot attack craft.  It had dual warp blasters
mounted on the sides where the standard phaser cannons should
be.  There was a standard phaser cannon in the nose, taking the
place of survey equipment.  The survey equipment was meant for
peace time missions and war time surveillance missions, neither
of which Sir Utlin was involved in anymore.
    The craft was also fitted with experimental life support
equipment.  The equipment was said to extend life support time
indefinitely, but he'd never needed it.  As Sir Utlin waited for
the fighter to be prepared for launch it occurred to him that he
had no place to go if he did survive the battle.  His life
support may last indefinitely, but he only had limited food and
very limited room to 'live' in.  These things shouldn't concern
him at this point though, his first mission was to fight
valiantly in the battle.  If, in the end, he found that he was
still alive, he'd worry then.
    When the ship was placed on the launch line in front of him,
Sir Utlin placed Commander Travois' sword in the standard, but
never used, scabbard behind the seat.  He folded his cape and
also placed it behind the seat.  He then took the helmet off the
seat and put it on.   After he lifted himself into the cockpit
he connected the helmet's wires to the navigation and fire
control computers and secured the belts.  The straps pressed him
firmly into the custom fitted seat.  The g-suit he wore under
his uniform inflated to prevent high-g black outs.
    The launch sequence was projected into the face shield of
the helmet.  "Sir Utlin," came  the Voice from flight control
"You are cleared for launch." as soon as the voice ended, the
seat seemed to wrap around him.  The launch tube rushed at him
then suddenly turned to stars, black and mayhem.
.............
    The Vigilante had parked over-head looking down on the
action.  The Borg ships remained in their formation but the
damaged cube seemed to stray a bit.
    "Sir, I believe the lead ship is about to fire on the Borg
again.  I read the same power build up as before." Norton
reported.
    Soon the ships that were maneuverable broke from the attack
and away from the line of fire.
    "Keep us away from them." Tarva said as some of the swift
fighters headed in their direction.
    "Have any of the fighters come out of the cubes yet?"
Anthony asked.
    "I haven't read any exiting fighters" S'Erlet reported.
    As soon as the path was cleared, except for the two ships
still held by tractor beams, the Leader's ship fired again.
This time, it targeted the cube that seemed to have taken the
most damage from the fighters.  There wasn't even distance
enough for the two beams to appear to fully become one.  The
cube glowed bright blue as the energy from the beam dispersed
around its shields.
    As soon as the ship ceased fire, the fighters swooped back
in on the Borg.  This time, however, the fired on cube broke
formation and went after the leader's ship.  Apparently, after
firing the weapon, the leader's ship wasn't able to maneuver
quickly.
    A good third of the fighters broke off from the remaining
five cubes and attacked the one going after their leader.  The
four remaining maneuverable cubes seemed to take this as a cue
and spread out.  They stopped using the grab and cut technique
and started firing more energy charges.  The fighters and ships
quickly succumbed to the new method.  Even the carriers that had
stayed in the background were now targeted.
    The large carrier that had released the shuttle took several
hits in the side.  It had continued releasing fighters and had
even collected some damaged ones on the giant bottom door.  Now
it rocked from internal explosions as the fighters inside
ignited from chain reactions.
............
    When Sir Utlin launched from the Star Controller he had a
difficult time not being hit by any of the fighters.  He could
hear the constant chatter of the fighters from his command.  All
semblance of order or controlled attacks had disappeared.  The
Borg dealt with them in a very efficient manner, just destroy
anything that comes near.
    Before he had a chance to approach any of the cubes, he
heard the Star Watcher's warning of 'fire in the tube'.  He
didn't hesitate in following the other fighters pulling away
from the enemy.
    He thought that he could hear the shot, using the Star
Watcher at point blank, in the middle of battle, like this, was
unheard of.  When he swung around back toward the Borg he
expected to see only five ships.  Instead, he saw all six, only
this time one had broken formation and was going after the Star
Watcher.
    The Star Controller tried to divert the Cube but only
sustained damage as it passed.  Sir Utlin could see the his ship
rocking from exploding fighters and fuel.  It wouldn't be long
before Commander Travois made good on the Pledge of Following.
Many of the other fighters headed toward the Cube to protect
their leader.  Sir Utlin knew it was fruitless, they should
concentrate on the damaged ship.  Perhaps they could at least
destroy one.
    Diverting his course toward the damaged Cube, the last he
saw of the Star Controller was it lining up for its destiny.
"Good by my friends." he said aloud and accelerated to his own
destiny.
............
    The great carrier lumbered toward the cube attacking the
leader's ship.  As it approached, they could see that no escape
pods were being ejected.  The immense carrier, the pride of its
fleet, was dwarfed by the single cube.
    When the carrier was attached to by the tractor beam, Norton
looked up and said "She's powering up her warp engines."
    Before anybody could react, the carrier jumped to warp and
collided with the Borg ship.  The explosion rocked the Cube
causing most of one side to cave in and open to space.  They
could see debris flying from the opening.  Almost immediately,
the hole slowly started closing in.
    The leader's ship had taken sustained damage and didn't have
the power to pull away from the Cube while it was regenerating.
While the hole was still open, the fighters took the opportunity
to enter the ship.  Several small surface explosions could be
seen from the damaged caused by the fighters on the inside.
This was the first time fighters on the inside were obviously
doing something.
    The number of maneuverable ships had been greatly reduced.
Only five seemed in relatively good repair.  The rest were
either disabled like the leader's ship, or destroyed.
    The four remaining undamaged cubes strung out across the
battle area.  They began meticulously destroying all ships in
their path.  It was as if they had had enough of this game and
it was time to clean up.
    The Borg ship involved in the collision was only about two
thirds finished with its repair to the hole when it locked back
onto the leader's ship.  This time the cutting beam took obvious
chunks out of the haul.  As these pieces were absorbed into the
superstructure of the cube, the hole closed up a little more.
    The Borg's advancing destruction of the leader's ship was
evident, but still no escape pods were jettisoned.  Suddenly,
the Borg let go of the ship and moved away from it.  Just as the
Cube got some distance, the ship self destructed.
    Within a few more minutes, one of the remaining ships made
another suicide run on a cube that had grabbed it.  This time,
however, the Borg were ready for it and the ship exploded
harmlessly against the cube.
    The remaining ships and fighters took the same tactics, as
the Borg got a hold of them, they would implement some sort of
suicide maneuver.  Though valiant, none were successful.  The
Borg had learned from the first ship to do it and were prepared.
............
              **********
              No! No! my mind's made up. I gaze above,
              Into that sky insensate as a stone;
              Not for my creed, my country, but my Love
              Will I stand up and meet my death alone.
              Then though it be to utter dark I sink,
              The God that dwells in me is not denied;
              "Best" triumphs over "Beast" -and so I think
              Humanity itself is glorified....
              **********
    Sir Utlin flew wide around the other Cubes.  Through his
radio he could hear the reactions to the destruction of the Star
Controller.  The destruction also seemed to push four of the
remaining Cubes into action.  They fanned out and started
destroying everything in their path.
    One of the things he heard his comrades doing was flying
into the Cube the Star Controller had just rammed.  This sounded
like a good idea.  With his extra fire power he may be able to
open a hole big enough to get into the damaged cube.
    On approach, his sensors read no shielding from the Cube.  A
few other fighters were flying around the ship virtually
ignored.  They seemed to be indiscriminately firing on the
superstructure.
    He switched to a general scrambled frequency "Attention,
this is Red Wing Commander, what wing are you?" the ship to ship
signals had very limited range to keep down the confusion.
    "Go ahead, Red Wing Commander, this is Blue Wing, or at
least what remains of it."  Blue Wing was from Star Fire, a
small but highly decorated carrier, it was one of the first
destroyed.
    "Do you have any strategic targets on these things?" he
asked as he swooped over the massive ship.
    "No sir, not really, we've just been hitting anything that
looks important." returned the young voice.
    "Have they returned fire?" Utlin asked making a high-g turn
and flying back.
    "No Sir, We think Lord Dowe's guns shorted them out pretty
good.  They must be ignoring us to fix the damage."  Sir Utlin
couldn't tell which of the ships was talking to him since all of
them continued their strafing runs.
    "Well" he said "I think it's time we pay them a closer
visit."  Utlin said as he lined up for his run.
    "Sir, a couple of us went in, but we haven't heard from them
and we can't seem to make that much damage anymore."  The voice
came back.
    "I think I'll give it a try."  Sir Utlin said and powered up
all of his weapons.
    "Sir, if you open it, we'll follow you in."  the boy sounded
confident, confident that he was about to die.
    The ships stopped their normal runs and started gravitating
toward his position.  When their flight patterns seemed to be in
sync with his, he started his run.
    This time, instead of coming in parallel for the normal
strafing, he went straight at the ship.  His right index
fingered started pumping the trigger for the warp blasters.  The
fighter bucked every timed he fired its blasters.  He poured
full power to the front shield and continued to fire.  The
surface of the Cube disintegrated under the blasters.
    His scanner showed a large open area inside the cube about
30 finlars from the surface.  Debris had started flying out of
the hole from depressurization.  He continued to pump the warp
blasters causing explosions deeper into the hole.  He then
turned the phaser cannon onto automatic pulse, maybe it would
held chop up some of the debris.
    Just as he approached the opening, his first instinct was to
back off the throttle to hopefully navigate to the interior.
Instead, he punched the throttle up full and was pressed into
his seat from the acceleration.  He was tempted to hit the warp
engines but knew that was instant death.  He continued to pump
his warp blasters but all he saw were explosions and debris
hurling at him.  He let go with a primal scream as he flew into
the destruction.
    The promise to stay alive was the furthest thing from his
mind.
              **********
              "And now, my butchers, I embrace my fate.
              "Come! let my heart's blood slake the thirsty sod.
              "Curst be the life you offer! Glut your hate!
              "Strike, Strike, you dogs! I'll not deny my God!"
              **********
............
    Finally, the six cubes reformed and warped away.  The one
cube that had been struck originally seemed unable to maintain
the perfect formation.  The six, however, continued back on
their original course.  This time they held a much slower pace,
warp 8.6.
    Just before they warped away, Norton said "Sir, I read an
explosion on the damaged Borg ship."
    "On the screen." Anthony said.
    Norton put the six ship formation on the screen then zeroed
in on an area of the one cube that wasn't holding perfectly in
the formation.  On its surface were a series of explosions that
appeared to be initiated from the interior.  Finally, just as
the cubes jumped to warp, a lone, single seat fighter emerged
from the hole.
    The fighter emerged into a sea of debris.  Suddenly alone,
left behind by the ship it came from.  It limped slowly through
the devastation surveying for survivors that weren't there.
    Tarva turned to Anthony "Sir, I believe we have our only
survivor."
    Captain Anthony turned to Commander Norton "What's your
analysis of that ship?"
    Norton was already studying his tactical scanners. "Sir, I
read one life form, apparently uninjured.  The ship no longer
has warp capability, but has life-support."
    "Open hailing frequencies." Anthony said.
    "Hailing frequencies open." Norton returned.
    Anthony stood and looked at the fighter on the screen as if
he were talking directly to it "Attention fighter, this is
Captain Anthony of the United Star Ship Vigilante, do you read
me."
    There was a short pause then a voice came back "This is Red
Wing Commander, please state your position, I do not read you on
my scanners.  They could, however, be damaged."
    Anthony smiled, this was a pretty cool cat.  "I did not
state our position, but I do offer you our assistance."
    There was another pause "Your a bit late to be offering
assistance."
    "Does that mean you do not desire our assistance?"
    The small ship did a few turns and loops, obviously looking
for the source of this conversation. "If your really around
here, I would definitely appreciate your assistance."  He didn't
sound too committed.
    Anthony smiled "Okay." he said "Now, here's where your going
to have to trust us."
    "I don't like the sound of that."
    "Don't worry," Anthony said "have I ever lied to you."
    There was some nervous laughter in reply.
    "Now, what we would like you to do is shut down all power to
your weapons and engines." Anthony said very carefully.
    "And then what?" he was almost flip.
    "And then wait."  Anthony said then added "I must warn you
that if you power anything up, we'll be forced to interpret that
as a sign of aggression."
    "Is that all?"
    "That is all, do we have a deal?"  Anthony was beginning to
like this guy.
    "I don't seem to have much of a choice.  Powering off now."
The man still didn't seem too convinced.
    Norton looked up "He's powered down all main systems."
    "Okay" Anthony said "Tell Shuttle Bay Two to lock on to the
fighter with the tractor beam.  Have transporter room two stand
by, if he powers up, pull him out and destroy the ship."
    "Aye, Sir." Norton said as he reach to his comm switch.
    Anthony then added "Also, have security meet us in Shuttle
bay two."
    Norton grinned slightly and said stiffly "Of course, Sir."
    "Commander Tarva, Your with me." Anthony turned toward the
lifts with Tarva a step behind.
...........
    What was going on, were the Borg back? Was he dead and
talking to Lin'hrlar himself.  Was he just space happy and
hallucinating?  It was too soon for that.
    It didn't matter, with his warp drives out of commission, he
had no where to go.  He had enough supplies for a month but what
good would that do him at sub-light speeds?
    He breathed deeply whispered a short prayer to himself then
started shutting down his systems.  What ever was going to
happen he hoped it would happen soon.  How long should he wait
to power back up before they wouldn't take it as an act of
aggression.
    What if they just wanted him to power down so they could
attack him.  Some sort of pirates waiting to salvage what little
debris was left of the fleet.
    Suddenly his ship jerked, he almost reached up to power on
thinking he was being attacked, but hesitated.  There were no
explosions, there were no lights he wasn't under attack. The
ship was moving on its own.  This wasn't possible, unless
something was pulling.  He started looking around maybe he could
see something.
    The stars in front of him started looking blurry.  Some
seemed to be getting close too quickly.  The stars shimmered and
disappeared revealing a large dark gray ship.  He was extremely
close, his reflexes caused him to jerk the joy-stick hard to
port to avoid a collision.  It  didn't work, of course, since he
wasn't under his own power.
    He appeared to be heading directly toward the back of the
ship.  Four large, flatten, cylindrical, engines, spread out
from the body, two above him and two below.  The engines glowed
soft blue down the sides.
    Ahead of him the four engines swept away from a large
bulbous body.  The ship was smooth and symmetrical, there were
no gun turrets, or ports.  It was no wonder they wanted him to
power down, a lone fighter could reek untold damage on this
ship.
    There were three doors in the very back of the ship two
smaller ones side by side over a much larger one.  The door on
the right started opening and his craft was being pulled toward
    "Well," he said to himself "that looks like my destination."
    Where the door had been, was replaced by a shimmering blue
force field.  His ship glided smoothly through the field and
into a well lit bay.
    There were two other ships in the bay, both looked like some
sort of transport one had star drives, the other did not.
Standing to the side were some people in baggy black uniforms,
must be this ships security.
    A couple appeared to be like himself, sons Lin'hrlar the
others were some creatures unlike anything he'd ever seen.  His
ship came to rest directly in front of the reception committee.
He pushed the canopy open button but kept an eye on the group
the whole time.
    One of the group stood out, he was wide shouldered with
non-alien features.  He had long hair like a High Commander, but
he was clean shaven, like a warrior.  He stood in the middle
flanked on either side by both dark skinned creatures and few
other non-aliens.  One thing he noted was that they all carried
side arms.  Another thing very strange occurred to him, some of
these creatures were apparently females.  What strange creatures
these were to not only bring females with them, but arm them
too.
    They continued to wait for him to conclude any business he
needed to, very courteous.  He disconnected his helmet and stood
up, then stepped down on to the ships built in ladder.  When he
was half way down, he removed his helmet and placed it on the
seat, then reached behind the seat took out his cape.  By the
time he jumped to the deck the red cape was flowing out behind
him.
    A dark skinned non-alien approached him and handed him two
small devices.  From the way he motioned it appeared that one
was to be place in his ear, and the other around his neck with
the disk on the front of his throat.
    It could be a trap, something so they could control him.
Sir Utlin hesitated, waiting for some kind of explanation.  He
also rested one hand comfortably near his battle blaster.
    Finally the man with the long gray black hair stepped
forward holding a small device in his hand.
    "Well come aboard the U.S.S. Vigilante." he said through the
device in his hand.  It was some sort of translator.  "I am
Captain Anthony, I believe we've already spoken."
    Sir Utlin snapped to attention and saluted, including a
slight bow of his head "I am Sir Utlin Robe'than, First Officer
of the Carrier Star Controller, and Commander of Red Wing
Tactical Fighter Squadron.  I am in your debt for your
hospitality, Captain."
    The Captain though obviously unfamiliar with the salute,
immediately returned it.  He then said through the box in his
hand "It would make communication much easier if you could use
the devices you were given."  He then indicated the objects Sir
Utlin still held in his right hand.  "They'll allow the computer
to translate automatically"
    Sir Utlin considered the devises carefully, they seemed
harmless.  He started with the piece for the ear.
    "A lot better then this contraption." the Captain said
apparently in Sir Utlin's own language.  What a marvelous
device.
    He then strapped the other piece around his neck, it fit
like a piece of jewelry.  "What is this piece suppose to do?" he
said.  The rest in the room smiled as if they recognized the
question, but he heard it in his own language still.
    "That device translates for the rest of us.  By
inconveniencing you slightly, the rest of the crew will not have
to wear the translators while you are with us." the Captain
said.
    "Now for the rest of the introductions."  The Captain
continued.  He indicated the short dark skinned female creature
standing next to him.  "This is my first officer Commander
Tarva."
    Sir Utlin looked at the creature, she almost looked normal
but her forehead rolled slightly and her hair started at about
the top of her head.  She looked like she was a cross between
the Children of Lin'hrlar and some of the even uglier creatures
standing about.  He considered 'her' for a moment then decided
that since she had been indicated as second in command he would
treat her as he would wish to be treated aboard the Star
Controller.
    He gave her his stiff salute and slight bow, the same as
he'd given the Captain, "Commander Tarva".
    She comfortably returned both, but didn't say anything.
    "If I may inquire," the Captain said "by what name are you
used to being addressed?"
    They had given him simple names, obviously how they
addressed one another.  He'd given them his full title, his own
people would know the proper salute, these people did not.
Their translator changed the words for them but didn't indicated
customs.
    "I am officially addressed as 'Sir Utlin'" he said formally.
    "Very good, Sir Utlin"  The Captain said as another creature
came in.
    He looked almost normal but he was completely bald, had
pointed ears and a very slight green complexion.  As the man
approached Captain Anthony indicated him and said "Sir Utlin,
this is Commander Norton, he is in charge of security on the
Vigilante."
    "Commander Norton." Sir Utlin said and repeated his salute.
    Norton retuned the salute without hesitation.  Then turned
to the Captain "Sir, if I may."
    The Captain looked slightly unsure then said "Of course."
    Commander Norton turned back to Sir Utlin "Sir, I'm going to
have to ask you for your side arm, for the time being."
    Utlin hesitated for a second then decided that they really
didn't have to ask.  He pulled it from his holster and handed it
Commander Norton, who took the weapon bowed slightly then handed
it to one of the creatures standing nearby.
    "Now," the Captain said "If you'll come with us we have much
to discuss before we can get you settled in."
    "I believe we do." Sir Utlin agreed and followed the group
out of the hanger.
    As they left, he noticed that technicians were circling his
fighter with scanning devices but appeared to be keeping a
respectful distance.  If this was a sign of how he was going to
be treated, it might not be too bad.
    They entered a nearby room with a long table at on end and
rows of chairs facing it.  It was some kind of seminar or
meeting room.
    Sir Utlin was ushered to one of the chairs then Captain
Anthony, Tarva, and Norton also took seats.  Two of the ugly,
ridged, dark skinned creatures took guard positions on either
side of the door.
    "To get started, perhaps I should tell you who and what we
are.  Perhaps I can answer some of your obvious questions before
asked." The Captain said.
    "That sounds like a good way to start." Utlin agreed.
    Before Anthony could begin a piping sound came out of the
ceiling. "Bridge to Captain Anthony." came a female voice.
    "Anthony here, go ahead"
    "Sir, we have the Borg back in scanner range"
    "Very good, maintain distance."
    "Aye, Sir." returned the voice then the speaker obviously
turned off.
    Utlin looked slightly alarmed "The Borg have returned?"
    "No" Anthony said "We jumped to warp to follow them as soon
as you were in the bay."
    "I didn't feel the acceleration." Utlin returned.
    The Captain smiled proudly "You rarely do."
    Captain Anthony then proceeded to tell Sir Utlin about the
Federation and their encounter with the Borg.  He also told him
about the development of the Vigilante to spy on them and gather
information.  Then finally about their presence during the
battle.
    This infuriated Sir Utlin. "You mean that you sat back and
watched the remains of my people get destroyed by these evil
creatures and did nothing?  How could you, what kind of
creatures are you?"
    The battle seemed to weigh heavily on the crew of the
Vigilante.  These allegations obviously disturbed them.
    "What would you have had us do?" Anthony asked coldly.
    "You could have helped us, you obviously have some sort of
weapons." Sir Utlin insisted.
    "Yes, we have weapons, very similar to what your ships had.
Do you think that in the end, we could have made a difference?"
Anthony was speaking very carefully.
    "You could have done something, maybe helped destroy one of
those things."  Sir Utlin knew now why they had taken his
blaster, they must have predicted his anger.
    Anthony sat back, obviously disturbed by the events.  "You
don't know how much this decision weighs on me and my staff.
All of us have been personally affected by the Borg."  Anthony
shook from some kind of memories.  "But we have a duty to our
own people.  They are depending on us to return with information
that they may be able to use to defeat the Borg once and for
all.
    "If we were to valiantly engage in a hopeless battle, then
we would have betrayed the whole Federation.  They are depending
on us to do our best to return with the intelligence they need."
Anthony looked at Sir Utlin carefully, hoping to see some sort
of understanding.
    Utlin sat back and considered Captain Anthony's argument, he
tried to put himself in their place.  As a warrior, it was tough
to understand sitting out such a battle.  But perhaps, they had
a point, to put ones own civilization over another dying one.
It was what he was doing, not caring about the needs of their
civilization.
    "I suppose," Utlin said slowly "I can understand the reasons
that would cause you to stay out of our battle." he hesitated
then continued "I can also understand the pain and helplessness
you and your warriors must have felt doing so."  With that said
Sir Utlin suddenly felt a closeness to these people and the
inner conflicts they must endure.  He prayed that Lin'hrlar
would look after them.
    "With that cleared up," Commander Tarva said "We must make
some decisions."
    "Such as?" Sir Utlin tried his best not to talk down to this
female creature.
    Captain Anthony spoke up before Tarva could answer "Sir
Utlin, I must excuse myself, there are other duties that I must
attend to."
    "I fully understand, Captain" Sir Utlin said and stood as
