that area?" Captain Anthony asked.
    "Yes, Sir." S'Erlet replied.  "From our surveys there should
be enough room for the drop ship to safely navigate to the
access tunnel which the Borg don't appear to have repaired."
    "Very good," the Captain said with a nod. "notify Commander
Kartang of the change."
    S'Erlet pressed a button on his console sending the changes
to the drop ship.
    Kartang's launch count-down had already commenced when he
heard a beep from his navigation computer.  New directions were
being fed for the drop.. He was able to glance at the new plans
just as he was pressed into his seat from the acceleration of
the launch.
    The drop ship cleared the Vigilante and immediately nosed
down toward the deck of the hold.  A small area directly in
front of DS One erupted into flame blowing debris at it.  The
cloaked shields shimmered from the destruction around them as DS
One passed into the outpost.
--------------
    Once the blast from the photon grenades settled, the drop
team crawled to their feet and surveyed the damage.
    "Lieutenant!" one of the techs called when he saw Whitecloud
sprawled on the deck ahead of them.  He ran up to her and shook
her lightly yelling "Lieutenant Whitecloud, are you okay?"
    Anndrea slowly started to move then struggled to her side as
the tech helped her up.  "Did we get them all?"
    "Affirmative." replied the Klingon.  "All Borg appear to
have been destroyed."
    "Very good, are there any bodies still intact?"  Whitecloud
was leaning on the tech and heading toward the still form of
Lieutenant Utlin.
    "Yes, Sir." The Klingon grunted back.
    "Very good, bring it with us, it may still prove useful."
Whitecloud reached Utlin just after one of the other techs
reached him and had begun a medical scan.
    "How's he doing?" Anndrea asked gently lowering herself to
the deck next to Utlin.
    "He's alive." the Tech replied as if it were the only
conclusion he could reach.
    "Can we move him?" Anndrea asked softly relying on the Tech
to keep her from falling over.
    "We're going to have to."  The man said simply.
    Anndrea nodded slightly and said "Lets go then."
    Whitecloud had just gotten to her feet and had two of the
team carrying Utlin when the Klingon came back with a Borg body.
"What now?" he huffed as he approached the shrinking clan.
    "Now." Anndrea said "we get our butts to extraction point
alpha and hope the Vig can get in here."
    Approaching the far corner of the barracks, the team could
hear a distant rumbling noise.  "What was that?" one of the
guards asked.
    The team was in the hallway just off the main corridor
closest to the entrance to the barracks.  The rumbling came
again a few minutes later, only this time it seemed to be right
next to them.  "There it goes again."  The guard said.
    Whitecloud looked up from her support and slowly turned
toward the corridor.  "Its the Vigilante," she said hoarsely
"they'll try to punch through the door, it's the weakest point."
    "What'll they use?" someone asked.
    Then one of the techs had a revelation "I don't know," she
said "but I don't want to be standing here when we find out."
    With that, the team looked at each other for a second then
grabbed their wounded started running down the hallway away from
the main corridor.  The walls and ceiling suddenly shook
violently and a blinding white flash blew down the main corridor
carrying the door, adjacent walls, ceiling and part of the floor
with it.
--------------
    The escape pod thundered open from explosive bolts allowing
a black suited figure to roll clear of the contraption.  She
crawled to a near by wall and sat against it trying to run
diagnostics on her pressure suit.  Most EVE systems were down,
greatly limiting her vision.  The suit's communication systems
were also off line.  After running all of the diagnostics,
Valerta opened her pressure suit to the environment, no need to
waste life support.
    Valerta stood up with a phaser in hand, she leaned against a
wall still dizzy from the fall.  A large path of destroyed
dividers stretched out in front of her, flattened by the crash.
    Then hopefully Valerta said "Home, this is Lieutenant
Valerta, over."
    Harsh static was the only reply "Now what?" Valerta said
aloud but still there was no reply.
    "First order of business." She started thinking to herself.
"Figure out where I am.  Then how am I going to get out of here?
Okay, one thing at a time, are there any landmarks I recognize
from the reports?"
    Valerta looked around, trying to see beyond the debris of
the dividers.  She could see nothing obvious so she started
climbing through the trail of destruction she'd made in her
landing.  If she could find the elevator, she may be able to get
beyond the beam out shielding.  Then all she would have to do
would be to figure out a way to signal the Vigilante.
    All corridors seemed to connect to a center passage which
lead Valerta to the elevator.  She was soon on the next level up
and dwarfed by the massive girders in storage there.
    Things had changed from the reports she had seen.  The
girders and beams were no longer neatly stacked but tipped over
or at least listing.  This was the main level she had dropped by
on her way to the barracks, the stacks must have blown over from
the decompression in the tunnel.
    Valerta continued to try to raise the Vigilante but to no
avail, her systems were either too damaged or the Borg had
raised more interference shields.  She was about to take off her
flight suit in the hopes that she would become visible to scans
when something stopped her, a sixth sense told her she was
forgetting something.
    The middle of the room was suddenly filled with explosions
but the distance and stacks of beams protected the pilot.  The
ceiling high above Valerta's head was engulfed by flame.
Instead of debris crashing down into the room, a strong wind
started blowing towards the destruction.  Valerta barely had
time to grab the edge of a beam as she was picked up by the
sudden fury.  The stack of beams she clung to shifted some but
wasn't about to be lifted or moved.
    There was a new noise, a roaring sound was quickly growing
from above.  Out of the flame and debris from the explosions.
Valerta could see the egg shaped shields of a drop ship shimmer
and disappear.  Lieutenant Commander Kartang in DS One was on
his way to finish what she had started.
    Kartang watched the maze of girders approach.  The auto
navigation systems immediately oriented the ship toward the
entrance to the tunnel.  Kartang accelerated toward the opening,
skimming across the stacks of girders with the shields sparking
as he glanced off them.
    DS One cleared the girders then nose dived to fit the
entrance of the tunnel.  The Borg had not repaired the tunnel as
it was irrelevant so the drop ship had a straight drop to the
Barracks.
    Kartang's scanners immediately told him that there was a
large hole where the door to the barracks used to be.  There
also appeared to be signs of life but there was a lot of
interference.
    "Team Three," he said hopefully "this is DS One do you
read?"
    There was a brief pause as the drop ship rushed toward the
Barracks.  "DS One, this is ....three...dr" came the broken up
reply from Lieutenant Whitecloud. "Six survive."
    "Prepare for extraction." Kartang said as he swung the ship
around to drop the back into the hole in the barracks.
    "Acknowledged." came Whitecloud's simple reply.
    As soon as they punched the second hole in the deck, the
area the Vigilante was in came under heavy fire from the probing
energy beams.  For all of its advance technology, the Vigilante
did not have the ability to manuver quickly in a tight spot.
For all of its tremendous size, in galactic terms, the outpost
was still a tight spot, a very tight spot.
    The Vigilante shuddered as another energy beam glanced off
its side shields.  The near hit was immediately followed by a
series of much stronger beams in the same area.  Ensign O'Malley
was barely able to get the ship out of the epicenter of the
strikes but the Vigilante still shook under more direct hits.
    "Damage report" Anthony yelled as his ship took the first
hits of its career.
    Commander Norton immediate responded "Sir, the shields are
holding at ninety five percent, no damage reported so far."
    "Do the Borg appear to be trying to adapt to our shield
frequencies?"  Anthony asked leaning hard in response to a hard
evasion turn.
    "Yes, Sir," Norton said "they are using new frequencies in
an apparent attempt to predict our random shield frequency
shifts."
    The evasive maneuvers O'Malley was using were basically
random but designed to keep the Vigilante in the general area
for drop ship retrieval.  The Borg, however, soon figured this
out and a wall of energy appeared ahead of them and started
sweeping in their direction.
    "Captain," S'Erlet said from OPS "the curtain of energy the
Borg have put up consists of thousands of energy beams all
rotating frequencies.  When it contacts us, the odds are ninety
five point two to one that more then one beam will penetrate our
shields."
    Anthony's response to this new development was immediate
"Helm, set course out of this place, warp five."
    O'Malley turned and looked at the Captain "But Sir.."
    "But nothing!" Anthony said loudly "Engage!"
    DS One landed heavily in the ruins caused by the destruction
of DS Twelve.  Before the ship had fully rebounded on its
shocks, the troop door in back dropped open.  The remains of the
drop team three, with their Borg souvenir, scrambled aboard
before the steam from the troop door's release valves had
cleared.
    As soon as all of the team was on the door or further, they
were yelling "Go, go, get us out of here."
    The troop door had just snapped shot and Kartang was
applying power to the thrusters when the outpost shook
violently.  Kartang looked up in time to see the upper deck blow
away.
    The hole DS One had come through was sealed soon after the
drop ship had found its way out of the store room.  Valerta
immediately began formulating plans to attract attention.  She
would use a high power break down sequence in one of her phasers
to attract the attention of the Vigilante's scanners.  She was
running toward the center of the room setting the self destruct
when the Vigilante jumped to warp to escape the outpost.
    The Vigilante's four powerful warp nacelles instantly
propelled the ship out the hold.  At the same time, the deck of
the outpost was caught in the warp field.  A path from the
Vigilante's position all the way out immediately lost structural
integrity and blew apart.
    DS One was blown toward the rupture with along with
everything else that wasn't securely bolted down.  Kartang
struggled to maintain control over the rapid ascent and stay
clear of the other debris.  He figured he was doing an adequate
job since all systems were still on line.
    Valerta, never knew what happened.  Everything in her area
was instantly blown out of the Outpost.  Hurtling helplessly
into the immense hold of the Outpost, Valerta totally forgot she
was still holding the phaser she had set to self destruct.  She
was sure she could see DS One heading right for her just before
everything went white.
    Kartang averted his eyes slightly from the explosion.  He
thought that he had seen a drop ship pilot's pressure suit, but
it was gone now.  He quickly returned his attention to his job
and accelerated through the remains, aiming toward what looked
like the exit.
    The Vigilante skipped through space stretching its warp
muscle for the first time in quite a awhile.  Ensign O'Malley
had set a wild randomized course away from the outpost then
back.
    "When we get back to the outpost, take up a parking position
below the thing and begin scans for the drop ship."  Anthony sad
as soon as they had determined that they had not been followed.
    "And Ensign." the Captain said almost as an after thought
"I'd like to see you in the Command Room as soon as we've taken
up station."
    "Aye, Sir." O'Malley responded stiffly.
    Janice stood stiffly just inside the command room.  The door
snapped shut just behind her, brushing her baggy uniform.
    Captain Anthony sat leaning back in one of the chairs with
hands gripping the arms of the chair.  He was turned looking at
his reflection in one of the windows.  "Ensign." he said coldly.
    "Yes, Sir."
    Anthony turned slowly and looked at the skinny red head.  "I
recognize that it is part of the bridge crew's duty to remind me
of any facts I may have missed."  He leaned forward slightly
glaring at her. "However," he continued "don't ever question an
order in an emergency.  Is that understood?"
    "Yes, Sir." O'Malley repeated in almost a whisper.
    Anthony turned back toward the window and continued staring
at the closed blast shields.  "Dismissed."
    Captain Anthony sat looking at the blank window.  His
imagination filled the darkness with flames and destruction.
Amongst the confusion he could see the woman he loved trying to
maintain control of a dying ship.  She stood at the weapons
station directing fire while the Borg cube cut The Nielson to
pieces.....
    Anthony felt a shaking sensation and the visions in his head
disappeared.  As his heads cleared the face of his first office
formed in front of him.
    "Sir," She said.  "Sir, are you all right?"
    "Yes, Commander." Anthony said very alert now "I'm fine."
        "We've picked up the transponder from DS One." Tarva
said "At least we know it has not been destroyed."
    "Have they responded to the hail yet?"  Anthony hoped Tarva
wouldn't notice him trying to worked the cramps out of his hand
from clenching the arms of his chair.
    "No, Sir.  We are only trying standard drop ship frequencies
so as not to jeopardize the Vigilante.  We are also broadcasting
our docking transponder in hopes that they will be able to
follow it in if they have lost communications."  Tarva watched
her captain massage his twisted hands but didn't plan to
question his state of health.
    "Very good, maintain present position until drop ship
coordinates can be confirmed or we make contact with DS One."
Anthony continued to look the Kalonian in squarely in her black
eyes. "Is that clear?"
    "Aye, Sir." Tarva said formally.  She then snapped a perfect
right-face and marched out of the room.
-----------
    After clearing the immediate debris from the decompression,
Kartang hung close to the out side of the Outpost.  He had no
idea what to do from here.  If the Vigilante had left them, it
would have been for the good of the ship and the mission.  What
would they do then.  A drop ship didn't have warp drives and the
nearest star system was years away at sub warp speeds.  Besides,
it was probably another system raped clean by the Borg.
    Kartang explored the endless side of the structure then
finally chose a spot to make plans from.  They needed to
consider their options then make a plan of action.  They didn't
have many choices, but wanted to make the best choice for the
overall mission parameters.
    They really didn't have time to come to any real decision.
After a day, the ship's computer indicated that "the Vigilante
was ready for them to complete final docking maneuvers".  The
computer's simple message came from intercepting the Vigilante's
docking beacon.  It was all Kartang needed to find the Vigilante
and finally complete the rescue mission.
    It wasn't long before Kartang completed his final approach
to the Vigilante.  Medical and technical teams were all on hand
to meet them.  Utlin was transported directly top sick bay, he
had fallen into a deep comma and some on the drop ship had
thought he was dead.
    Whitecloud was conscious but showing signs of extreme
illness from her injuries.  She was taken with the rest of the
drop team to sick bay.
    Tarva entered the command room and stood at attention at the
head of the conference table.  Captain Anthony sat in his usual
place at the other end studying reports from the technical
surveys.  "What's the prognosis".  Anthony said after finishing
the current screen of text.
    "Sir," Tarva said formally "of the six surviving members of
Drop Team Three, only Lieutenant Utlin has any permanent
injuries."
    "Will he be able to resume any kind of active duties?"
    "Physically, yes, mentally, we can not tell.  Its only been
five hours since the rescue and he is still in a deep coma."
Tarva sounded deeply concerned.
    "Do we have any facilities for fitting him with
prosthetics?"  Anthony seemed distracted by the information
still on his screen.
    "No Sir," Tarva replied "the Vigilante does not have the
facilities to properly fabricate the bionics or tissue cloning
most commonly used in cases like these."
    "Are there any other options?" Anthony continued to page
through the notes on his terminal.
    Tarva hesitated for a second.
    Anthony sensed this and looked up "What is it?"
    "Sir," Tarva said apprehensively "some of the Med-Techs have
suggested using some of the mechanisms from the collected Borg
relics to build a replacement for Lieutenant Utlin's arm."
    Anthony sat back tapping a light pen on the table.  "He
might have objections to such an idea, for both personal and
religious reasons."
    "We are aware of that Sir, that is why I hesitated putting
the option forward."
    Captain Anthony sat back in his chair and stared at the
ceiling.  Then finally said "tell the Med-Techs to begin
researching and preparing the project.  But also tell them not
to do any work on the Lieutenant until he can competently give
his permission.  They should, however, be totally prepared if he
is willing."
    Tarva smiled slightly "Yes, Sir."  Then was about to leave
when Anthony interrupted her in mid turn.
    "Oh, and by the way." he said casually.
    "Yes, Sir" Tarva said regaining her position.
    "Have helm lay in the new course Sigma-Nu, and have the
Vigilante and crew ready for warp in thirty minutes."  Anthony
said.
    Tarva considered for a second then smiled and said "Aye,
Sir, and may I ask where we're heading?"
    Anthony turned and pointed to a diagram of the Outpost with
its three main communications relays mapped out.  "All of our
surveys of these arrays indicate that the information being
broadcast is not symmetrical.  The middle array appears to
rebroadcast the information patterns provided by the other two
arrays.  The other two arrays only appear to repeat what comes
in on the middle array.  This leaves us to believe that the
middle array is connected to a controling force."
    Anthony smiled at his executive officer "We're going to
follow the middle signal to its source."
I have no doubt at all the Devil Grins,
As seas of ink I splatter.
Ye gods, forgive my "literary" sins-
The other kind don't matter.
-- Robert W. Service
                   T H E   V I G I L A N T E
                               VI
                         "Full Circle"
     Just think! some night the stars will gleam
       Upon a cold, grey stone,
     And trace a name with silver beam,
       And lo! twill be your own.
     That night is speeding on to greet
       Your epitathic rhyme.
     Your life is but a little beat
       Within the heart of time.
     A little gain, a little pain,
       A laugh, lest you may moan;
     A little blame, a little fame,
       A star-gleam on a stone.
                    "Just Think"
                    Robert W. Service
    A light mist filled the air.  A bright green meadow stretched
into the distance.  The carpet of flowing grass and wild flowers
was broken by a thin brown path winding through the rolling
hills.
    The grass shuddered and swirled away as a lone figure
strolled along the path.  He walked slowly with his hands out to
either side feeling the light touch of the tall seeding grass.
His long red cape fluttered out behind him, sweeping the grass
underneath it.  A thin sword hung from the man's belt, nearly
touching the ground behind him.  The man's black,
leather-accented uniform was tailored to fit exactly.  Every
crease and seam was meticulously pressed and lined.
    The man cut the perfect figure of a soldier.  His body was
thin but muscular.  His short black hair stood straight up.  The
man's features were sharp and angular, with several old scars
high-lighting his cheeks and neck.  His skin was a healthy brown
from the constant presence of the small planet's two suns.
    The soldier stopped at the top of a small rise to scan the
fields around him.  His bright blue eyes drank in the beauty of
the rolling hills.  Sir Utlin Robe'than felt the peace of
Tregamalis, it had been a lifetime since he'd been here, but it
was still home.
    He could sense movement behind him.  Coming up the path was
an old man in simple peasant's robes.  The man looked old and
frail.  He was mostly bald but had long waist length hair from
ear to ear.  He carried a twisted black branch as a walking
stick, but didn't seem to need it.  The old man quickly made up
the distance between himself and Sir Utlin.
    With shriveled eyes and skin pulled tightly about his bones,
the old man looked like a skeleton.  He approached Sir Utlin and
looked up at the proud and bloodied warrior.  The man's feeble
looking hands tightly clutched his walking stick.  He continued
down the path and motioned for Utlin to follow him.
    When Utlin caught up, the man asked "What do you seek, My
Son?"
    "I seek peace."  Utlin answered softly.
    "Why do you seek peace, My Son?" the man asked "Is it not a
soldier's duty to seek out conflict?"
    "It is a soldier's duty to maintain peace and protect it and
the people from conflict."  Utlin answered dutifully, wondering
who this old man was.
    "Then why are you here, My Son."  The man returned.
    "The conflict is over, there are no more of my people to
protect, it is time for me to enjoy the peace."
    "Who are your people?" the old man sounded confused.
    Utlin stiffened and said proudly "My people are the Children
of Lin'Hrlar."  He reflected on his recent past.  "I am the last
Warrior of Lin'Hrlar, and one of the last of his people.  I had
dedicated my life to the protection of my people, now they are
gone.  My job is over, it is time to rest."
    The man now looked even more confused "You're here after
battling for YOUR people?"
    "Yes."
    "But the people you were with, YOUR people, are still looking
for you."  the man's bright red eyes burned through Utlin.
    "They aren't Children of Lin'Hrlar."  Utlin insisted.
    "They aren't?!" The old man asked "Who then are they?"
    "They're aliens who had never heard of Lin'Hrlar."  Utlin
replied now confused by the old man's questions but trying to
stand his ground.
    "Then why were you with them?  Why did you suffer for them?
Why did you die for them?"
    Utlin couldn't answer the questions.  "I don't know." he said
and bowed his head turning away from the man.
    "Look at me, My Son." the old man said softly.
    Utlin turned back to the shriveled old man.
    "You've done well.  You've fought well for Lin'Hrlar and his
children.  But Lin'Hrlar has reclaimed most of his children."
    "I know," Utlin said "now it is my turn."
    "No." the old man said softly "Lin'Hrlar is not ready for
you."
    "What?"
    "Lin'Hrlar still has many plans for you.  It is in you that
the seed of his people still grows.  It is in you that the flame
of his soldiers still burns."
    "I do not understand." Utlin returned.
    "You will, My Son, you will."
    The pair approached another gentle hill.  Sitting on top of
it was a lone woman dressed in immaculate purple and gold robes.
Her long dark hair flowed down her back spreading out on the
robes circled about her.
    From the back, she looked familiar but Utlin couldn't place
her.  "Who is she?"
    "She is your," the old man hesitated "no, OUR destiny."
    Utlin reached out with his right hand to turn the woman
toward him.  As he touched the softness of her robes, pain shot
through his arm.  His hand and arm seemed aflame as they faded
from his sight, his world went black.
-----------
    A soft beeping sound grew in the distance as Utlin regained
consciousness.  His eyes opened looking for the sound that had
awaken him.  All he could see was the gray of a sheet covering
his face.  He was about to call out when the sheet was swiftly
pulled away.
    Utlin became aware of a confusion of voices around him.  One
of the voices came from the surgeon standing over him.
"Lieutenant, can you hear me?"  The man said.
    Utlin sat up and looked around "What's for dinner?"
--------------
    Commander Tarva stood in the command room across from Captain
Anthony.  Scattered on the table was an assortment of artifacts
taken from the Outpost.  Anthony was carefully reading one of the
analysis reports on the screen in front of him.
    Tarva cleared her throat after waiting for several minutes.
    "Yes, Commander?" Anthony said finally acknowledging his
first officer.
    "Sir, At exactly 1852 hours," Tarva began "Lieutenant Utlin
was officially declared dead.  All body and brain functions had
failed and he could not be revived."
    Captain Anthony sat back heavily "I'm sorry to hear that." he
said sincerely.
    "That's not all." Tarva said "At 1900 hours, Lieutenant Utlin
sat up and asked for something to eat."
    "Let me get this straight." Anthony said after staring at
Tarva for a few seconds "Lieutenant Utlin is in a coma for nearly
four weeks, dies then eight minutes later wakes up asking for
food."
    "Correct." Tarva said with a rare but genuine smile.
    "Amazing." Anthony remarked shaking his head and turning back
to his monitor "Thank you commander."
    Tarva immediately did a sharp about-face and exited to the
bridge.
-----------
    "Have you told him about 'IT' yet?" Janice asked her
ex-roommate.
    "He's only been awake for a couple of hours."  Anndrea said
to her friend.  Anndrea hadn't been extremely comfortable taking
a room by herself, since the attrition that allowed it came from
the losses in her own drop team.
    Janice stood up on the unused bunk and started pacing back
and forth.  The hard soles on her boots seemed to cut deeply into
the material but didn't do any damage.  "Do you think he's going
to object or something?"
    Anndrea watched Janice pace, "I don't think he'll object.  He
knows that in order to learn all we can, we take chances and
sometimes make questionable decisions."
    Janice stepped off the bunk, landing with a solid thunk, and
walked over to the console Whitecloud was working at.  "I can't
believe that after all this time the Lieutenant would just wake
up like that after being out of it for so long."
    "There's a lot of things we don't know about his people,"
Anndrea said "and we probably never will."
--------------
    Lieutenant Utlin sat in the infirmary bunk looking at the
medics looking at him.  They seemed so confused by the fact that
he had passed over then returned.  It was nothing, Lin'Hrlar was
not ready for him yet, so he was sent back.  It did happen
occasionally, perhaps not as often for them, but it did happen.
    Utlin stretched his left arm and examined it.  His hand
looked weak and pale.  He had been healing for a long time, he
was ready to start getting back into shape.  With this thought,
he looked at what was left of his right arm.  There was a bit of
arm left just below the elbow, but not enough to be of much use.
He guessed he'd have to adapt; more equipment could be configured
to attach to his arm, the controls in his fighter could be
reconfigured to work with the Federation's advanced computers, he
could think of many different changes he'd have to make to
accommodate the missing hand.
    The pointed eared female pushed her way through her staff and
stood next to Utlin.  "I apologize for the crowd, but they have
been working on you every day since the mission, and they are
concerned."
    "I understand." Utlin said in his dry unused voice.
    "Now we have some things to discuss." the female said "While
you were 'healing' we've been designing a possible replacement
for your missing hand."
    "What sort of replacement?" Utlin asked, he'd never heard of
replacing a missing limb, you just learned to adapt or you would
be slain.
    "It is called Bio-mechanics," The female began "we have
designed a mechanical arm to replace the one you have lost."
    "Sounds good, how does it work and when can I have it?"
    "Well there are a couple of problems." The doctor said.
    "Such as?"
    "First, we did not have the proper materials to create an
exact duplicate arm, so the one we did design looks mechanical."
    "Who's going to notice where we're going?"
    "There is something else you should know." the pointed ear
doctor hesitated for a second "Many of the parts we used came
from the Borg specimens we retrieved from the Barracks."
    Utlin was quiet for a second then smiled slightly "How
appropriate that we should start assimilating them."
-----------
    Utlin had been awake for two days and already had his new arm
in place.  He had seen very little of the rest of the crew except
for Lieutenant Whitecloud who made a point of visiting him
several times a day.  There seemed to be something she wanted to
tell him but couldn't.  Utlin figured that she would when she was
ready.
    Utlin was walking slowly around his room, re-learning to use
his legs when Anndrea signaled and came in.  "How are you doing?"
she asked as she approached.
    Smileing, Utlin replied "Well the legs still seem to work."
he then held up the black metal mechanical hand.  "This thing
even appears to be functional."
    "How about a walk?"  Anndrea suggested
    "Sure, what's going on?" Utlin asked as Whitecloud headed for
the door.
    Anndrea led her friend to an area of the ship that he had
never had business in before.  After passing through several
security check points, they arrived at a holding area with a lot
of activity.
    "What's going on here?" Lieutenant Utlin asked as they
entered the room.
    Just as he spoke, The Lieutenant turned a corner and came
face to face with a Battle Borg.  The Borg was standing in a cell
in the brig, it was held back by a strong force field.
    "By the Cape of Lin'Hrlar." Utlin exclaimed "Where did this
thing come from?"
    "We brought him out with us." Anndrea said "We thought he was
killed by photon grenades, but the techs in the infirmary were
able to bring him back."
    The Borg stood in the middle of his cell, absolutely still.
He ignored all of the activity beyond the force field.
    "Does he move?" Utlin asked.
    "Just to connect up to the power and recharge his batteries,
once every five hours or so." One of the techs said.
    "Then he goes right back to were you see him now." someone
else added.
    "That's it?" Utlin sounded a bit surprised. "There's been no
communication, nothing?"
    "Not a word." Whitecloud confirmed.
    "Perhaps he's damaged from the blast."
    "We don't think so." Anndrea replied "All of his biological
and mechanical functions check out."
    "This kind may be incapable of individual thought." One of
the tech's put in.
    "That's not true." Utlin said holding up his mechanical hand
"The one that did this to me spoke in the first person."
    One of the techs interrupted "Sirs, look at him."
    The Borg was looking directly at Utlin listening to what he
was saying.  "We've never been able to get his attention before,
no matter what we did."
    Utlin faced the Borg and looked him in the eyes "Identify."
He said to the creature.
    The Borg tilted its head to one side for a moment then said
in a mechanical voice "I am unit Three Two Five Eight of 30 Kil."
The thing then added "You have been identified as Sir Utlin At
Your Service Sir, an intruder."
    "That is how one of your units identified me, but I am not an
intruder."
    The Borg looked at Utlin questioningly "Was this
identification in error?"
    "Yes."
    "What is your proper identification."
    "I am Lieutenant Utlin Robe'than."
    The Borg considered this new information for an instant then
returned to his original blank stare.
    Everybody in the room knew they weren't going to get any more
conversation out of it, but Utlin persisted.  "What is your
function?"
    "My function is to follow the collective into battle."  The
thing said.  It then walked over and stood directly in front of
Utlin.
    There was some commotion in the outer chambers and they heard
someone call out "Captain on deck."
    Three Two Five Eight ignored the people in the room coming to
attention and continued to address Lieutenant Utlin.  "Lieutenant
Utlin Robe'than, what is your function?"
    Utlin hesitated, he knew that Captain Anthony was monitoring
this conversation from the outer office and Utlin didn't want to
say the wrong thing to the enemy.  "My function is to communicate
with and learn about other cultures."
    "Other Cultures are irrelevant."  Three Two Five Eight
stated.  "In time, all is to be ruled by the Borg."
    "Lieutenant," came Captain Anthony's voice.  The Captain
stood beside Utlin. "What do you have for me?"
    "Captain, Sir, this is Three Two Five Eight of 30 Kil." Utlin
stated trying to make a formal introduction.  Utlin then turned
to address the Borg but it spoke first.
    "You are Captain Robert Anthony, Captain of this Starship."
It stated.
    Anthony was not surprised that the Borg knew his name.  "So
you were aware when we were originally trying to communicate with
you?"
    "That is correct."
    "Why didn't you respond then."
    "My systems could not find a point of reference for response.
Lieutenant Utlin Robe'than helped me key into the data down
loaded from the collective before I was damaged."
    "Are you willing to talk with us about the collective?" the
Captain asked.
    "I have been deactivated for a long time.  The Collective has
expanded beyond its original intent.  I am not a member of the
current collective."  The Borg said dryly.
    "Is that why you were fighting after we awakened you?" Utlin
asked.
    "We are not members of the current collective.  They intended
to assimilate us.  We are not assimilated, and we do not
assimilate, we conquer."
--------------
    A Command Staff meeting was called to discuss the information
provided by Three Two Five Eight.  Captain Anthony, Commander
Tarva and the other members of top command met in the Command
Room.
    "He's lying!" Golta growled, "He wants to confuse us with
contradictory information."
    "The Borg don't lie." Commander Norton returned "They don't
have to."
    Captain Anthony agreed "We are irrelevant to them.  To lie to
someone acknowledges relevance.  We must consider that this Borg
is telling us what it perceives to be the truth.  We must combine
that with what we know about the Borg and try to draw some
conclusions."
    Anthony scanned the assortment of officers in the room then
continued.  "I want everybody to continue to analyze what we've
already learned.  We need to know all we can for our next
confrontation.  Focus on your own specialties, how can you
interpolate what we have so far.  I need as many points of view
as possible, the smallest detail could determine if we survive
this mission."
    Captain Anthony finished speaking to the sound of the
intercom piping on, the yellow alert warning sounded and Ensign
O'Malley's voice came over the speaker "Captain to the Bridge."
---------------
    The whole command crew exited the Command Room directly onto
the bridge.  Captain Anthony was the first out and headed to his
center seat.  "Report!" he sad to no one specific.
    Ensign O'Malley turned her chair slightly so she could look
back at the Captain but still cover her console.  "Sir, we have
detected twelve vessels on long range scanners, all moving at
high warp.  Three are heading in our general direction, the
others are to our extreme sensor range heading in the direction
we are."
    The Captain turned to S'Erlet at the science station.  "Do
you have an analysis of those objects yet?"
    "Sir," The young Vulcan began "The ships are currently too
far away to do a detailed analysis, but their size and other
characteristics indicate possible Borg influence."
    "How long till you know for certain?"  Anthony asked turning
back toward the sensor display on the screen.
    "At current velocity," S'Erlet stated "I will be able to tell
conclusively in four minutes 15 point 5 seconds."
    "Okay," Anthony said "go to red alert.  I want everybody at
battle stations."
    All over the ship, the blast shields were lowered and the
lights were dimmed.  The crew took their places in the rough duty
seats while security donned Class One mission gear and took
positions in strategic areas.
    S'Erlet soon confirmed that the ships they were monitoring
were indeed Borg vessels.  The ships coming towards them were not
responding to them but were on a trajectory by them.  S'Erlet's
analysis also revealed that all paths came from or headed to a
common point.
    "We should be able to make preliminary scans of the origin
point in one hour twenty one minutes." S'Erlet informed the
bridge.
    Things were suddenly moving quickly.  The crew of the
Vigilante had gone from seeing the occasional sensor blip to a
whole screen of them.
    "How many do you read now?" Captain Anthony spoke directly to
his navigator.
    "There are now one hundred and seventy five vessels on the
long range scanners."  Ensign O'Malley tried her best to make her
report with little emotion.
    "Slow to warp 5." said Captain Anthony then turned to his
first officer.  "We're going in slow so we have time to analyze
and prepare for what's ahead."
    In the weeks that followed the atmosphere on the Vigilante
was extremely tense.  Everybody waited for the green shimmer of a
Borg transporter bringing a boarding party.  The bridge crew was
ever on the alert for one of the passing cubes to divert it's
coarse to inspect this tiny intruder.  None of it happened.  The
Vigilante sailed smoothly ever closer to what appeared to be the
center of Borg activity.
    Life on the ship was as normal as it could get.  The drop
teams and pilots trained endlessly.  There was no "good enough"
or "we're ready".  Every member of the Vigilante's crew was a
professional warrior though some wouldn't admit it.
    Ensign O'Malley sat in the drop ship simulator after
completing one the hardest testing batteries.  She pulled herself
up out of the top hatch and removed her helmet.  Her short red
hair was plastered to her forehead with sweat.
    Lieutenant Commander Kartang stood outside the simulator with
his arms folded across his chest.  The forced frown he wore told
O'Malley that she probably didn't do as well as he had expected.
"If that had been a real mission you, your co-pilot, and a whole
drop team would have been lost!" he growled at her.
    "I am not a Drop Ship Pilot" O'Malley stated simply "I'm a
Starship navigator."
    "You, Ensign, are one of the few backup pilots we have.  If
anything goes wrong, your skills may be needed to save many
lives." Kartang shot back at her with an even more menacing
growl.
    "Sir" O'Malley returned "I hope your highly trained
professional drop Ship Pilots don't need the services of this
'under-fed', female, human navigator to get their hides out of
the fire."
    Kartang stood blankly in front of O'Malley for a moment then
growled "Dismissed."  He watched the human turn crisply and walk
away from him.  The tests at this level of training were designed
to be nearly unsurvivable.  The intent was not only to push the
pilot's skills to the maximum but also to see how that pilot
dealt with defeat.
    On the mission O'Malley had just nearly completed, Kartang
failed one time out of five.  He would be proud if she were a
member of his team.  But he was glad she wasn't, skinny human
females who showed no fear of him and sometimes little respect
made him nervous.
    Ensign O'Malley entered Lieutenant Whitecloud's quarters
after signaling.  The Lieutenant sat cross legged on the floor in
front of a large painting.  She wore her baggy black workout
robes and a red band was tied around her head to keep the hair
from her face.
    Whitecloud looked over the top of her painting at her former
roommate.  "You've been running the flight simulator again, I
see."
    O'Malley let out a growl of frustration and threw her helmet
into one of the rough duty chairs.  "Kartang treats me like one
of his mercenaries when I'm down there.  I agreed to do it
because I thought it would help me blow off some steam, instead
that Klingon is making me even crazier."  Janice paced back and
forth through the room as she raved.
    Janice stopped behind Whitecloud and looked at her painting.
It was a picture of Sir Utlin's ship _Star Controller_.  The
vessel was in the middle of launching a swarm of fighters.
Looking at the meticulous detail helped O'Malley calm down, she
dropped into a nearby chair let out an audible sigh.
    Anndrea turned around and looked at her guest "Janice, we'll
be approaching the Borg system in two days.  You've got to relax
and focus on what's ahead of us.  The fate of the Vigilante may
rest on your being able to execute your duties flawlessly.
Forget about Kartang, his job is to push you beyond your limits."
Whitecloud then smiled "He appears to be doing quite well at it
too."
    Captain Anthony sat alone in the Command Room studying the
reports of the approaching system.  Anthony hadn't ventured past
the Bridge in more than two days and had spent the majority of
that time in the command room.  He could feel his body slowly
giving up to exhaustion but he refused to acknowledge it.  The
terminal he was reading from began to blur and he thought he
could smell smoke.
    The room was suddenly filled with noise and confusion.
Looking up from the monitor he tried to figure out what was going
on.  He was no longer in the Command Room but a place much more
familiar, it was a place he knew he'd never see again.
    Red alert and other klaxons bellowed and crew scrambled to
cover emergency stations.  This was the bridge of the U.S.S.
Nielsen and standing at one of the fire control stations was a
woman who looked very familiar to him.  The ship rocked from a
strike, everything shook and the crew struggled to maintain their
balance but Captain Anthony couldn't feel it.
    The woman barked orders to those about her while maintaining
control of the targeting computers.  Anthony watched the crew
struggle to maintain their balance while the ship took sharp
evasive maneuvers in response to the woman's orders.  The
inertial dampening fields must be damaged he thought else the
crew wouldn't be reacting so severely to the maneuvers.
    Suddenly, everything was still.  The woman turned and looked
at Captain Anthony.  She pushed her shoulder length light brown
hair out of her face and walked over to him.  "Robert, why are
you here?" she asked.
    "I don't know." he replied "I was in my command room on the
Vigilante and the next thing I knew I was here."
    "Come with me." she said and walked over to one of the
consoles.  After pushing a few buttons, the main screen changed
from a tactical display of the area to a distant shot from a
probe.
    There were starships everywhere.  Some were intact others
were hulks and shells.  In the middle of the destruction was a
single Borg cube.  The woman pointed at the screen "This, my
love, is my destination," she said passionately "not your's."
    "I should have been here, it was my place to be here by your
side."
    "Listen to me," she replied "you must honor my death with
your life.  I am a part of you I always have been, always shall
be.  Honor our life together by making the most out of yours."
    "I love you." he said forcefully.
    "I'll always love and be with you." she replied then the
Nielsen shook violently and exploded.
    Captain Anthony woke with a start as the Vigilante rocked
again.  He ran to the bridge to the sound of the red alert
klaxons.  The ship rocked under his feet as he arrived.  "What's
happening?" he demanded.
    Tarva stood looking over S'Erlet's shoulder watching his read
outs "Unknown, Sir," She replied immediately "but it does not
appear that we are under attack."
    "Helm, dead stop." Anthony commanded then took his seat as
the ship rocked again.  "Any casualties?"
    In this kind of situation with the captain in direct command
of the bridge, it was Commander Tarva's duty to monitor all ship
board functions and activity.  The captain basically operated
through her.  "Sir, medical reports no casualties."  Tarva smiled
at this.  She knew that all over the ship personnel probably
suffered minor cuts and bruises from the unexpected jolting but
this crew would never think of complaining about it.
    Ensign O'Malley reported that they were at dead stop.  The
crew then waited for the next jolt.  It didn't come.
    Captain Anthony reviewed reports coming in about the current
situation then asked "How far are we from the Borg system?"
    O'Malley replied "At previous warp, we are 32 hours from the
Borg system."
    The captain suddenly turned his attention to their
destination.  "Can we see it yet?"
    O'Malley checked some readouts then said "Yes, sir, the Borg
system should be visible."
    The Captain smiled slightly "Put it on the main screen."
    Janice pushed a couple of buttons and the main screen
switched from its tactical displays to a star field.  The field
then began to change and a single star stood out in the middle.
At first it looked like any other star, then as the magnification
brought it in closer, there was a noticeable blink.
    "Its pulsing." Tarva said.
    "According to the scans," O'Malley stated "the pulse is
caused by a large number of objects orbiting the star."
    "That's impossible." Tarva said "I've never heard of any star
system with that many planets."
    "Commander," O'Malley replied "I didn't say they were
planets."  she then put a tactical chart of the system on the
screen.
    The tactical charts were created using data from all scanners
and could be quite a bit more detailed than standard visuals.
The chart of the Borg system showed the star surrounded by a
cloud of planetoids and debris.
    While waiting for S'Erlet and other members of the science
teams to determine what was causing the buffeting in warp, much
of the crew focused their attentions on the Borg system.  The
most accepted theory was that the system was filled with a
millennia of debris from Borg conquests.  What ever the reason
for the state of their system, the Borg ships continued to come
and go at high warp.
    After several hours of study S'Erlet believed he knew the
reason for the shaking.  "The turbulence is caused by a
degradation in the fabric of space."  he reported to the bridge
crew.  "It has been caused by hundreds of years of high warp
travel over the same routes."
    "Are we going to experience it all the way into the system?"
the Captain asked.
    "If we continue at the lower warp speed, yes. However, if we
travel at warp nine or greater we should not feel the effects as
severely."  S'Erlet replied.
    "At warp nine," Captain Anthony said aloud to himself "we're
less then ten minutes away."  He then turned to his First
Officer. "Commander Tarva, sound general quarters, we're going
in."
    The outer sphere of objects clouding the Borg sun was a
network of outposts. The outposts the Vigilante scanned had the
same dimensions and surface map of the one they had visited.  The
traffic of Borg ships appeared to be concentrating on these
stations.
    Beyond the outposts, the system was a cloud of debris and
planets orbiting the Borg sun.  The first layer the Vigilante
scanned consisted mostly of refined metal and other materials
that did not occur naturally.
    The Vigilante took a close parking position next to one of
the outposts while they completed their initial scans of the
system.  It had been their experience with the first outpost that
the senors on these installations did not work well in close
proximity.
    All non-gaseous planets in the system were strip mined like
the planets the Vigilante has surveyed upon arrival in the
quadrant.  The mining of these planets, however, was not nearly
as efficient and they were also showing several thousand years
more weathering then the other planets.
    "Sir," Ensign O'Malley reported "I am reading one planet that
has not been mined."
    "Lets see it." the Captain said immediately diverting his
attention to the main screen.
    "The computer is extrapolating now." O'Malley said.  On the
screen, the picture of a dark gray-blue planet began to flicker
as the computer pieced a view of it together through the debris
of the system.
    For an M-class at the current magnification, the crew
expected to see the out line of land masses and weather patterns.
Instead, the planet appeared to be a single swirling mass of dark
gray clouds.  O'Malley adjusted the sensor frequencies filtering
the clouds, the computer extrapolated the new readings into a
fresh view of the planet.
    Instead of the naturally flowing forms of continental land
masses, the picture showed a grid work of construction.  There
were no shores or mountains, no sign of agriculture or unused
land, everything was covered.
    "My God." The Captain whispered "The whole planet is built
over."
-----------
    Lieutenant Utlin had sat with the drop teams in their meeting
room watching the Vigilante's progression through the Borg
system.  They had detected very limited travel activity within
the confines of the system.  It was hypothesized that the Borg
had over grown and abandoned their home planet for the network of
outposts.  There was, however, a very strong Borg link signal
coming from the over-grown planet.
    The progress was extremely slow.  The ship had to be guided
on a path so as not to disturb any of the debris.  If they bumped
anything or created a wake, it could give them away.
    Utlin and Whitecloud  wandered out of the meeting room and
into Cavern.  In the locker room, the A-Drop Teams were preparing
the mission armor.
    "Do you think the Captain will use any of us this time
around?" Lieutenant Utlin mused.
    "If he gets a chance I know he'll send some of us in."
Anndrea replied.
    "Don't you think we'll get close enough?"
    "We barely made it out of the Outpost" Whitecloud replied.
"The Borg know something is out here and they know how to detect
us.  All that's left is for them to know were to look."
    Everyone on the bridge held their breath as the Captain read
the initial reports on the system.  Now was the moment of
decision, he would either decide to head into the lions den right
away or they would sit and analyze the system for weeks as they
had done on there approach.  Nobody knew what the Captain would
do, but they were all getting tired of sitting around watching
the Borg fly back and fourth.  They had been tracking the Borg
flight patterns since leaving the Outpost it was time to do some
real exploring.
     Captain Anthony turned to Ensign O'Malley "Ensign, plot best
course and speed to the Borg planet so as to achieve zero wake in
the Borg debris field.  What is the estimated time to have that
ready?"
     Ensign O'Malley processed the course parameters then replied
"Computer estimates it will take thirty seven minutes to plot a
course with zero wake keeping impulse power over ten percent."
     "Very good." The Captain turned to Commander Tarva
"Commander , you have the bridge.  I'll be in the Command Room."
     "Yes, Sir." Tarva replied and watched the Captain stride
into the Command room.
     Upon arrival at the Borg system Lieutenant Utlin felt a
great pull to visit Lady Purlerna.  They were in now at the front
door of the creatures that had destroyed their world.  Lin'Hrlar
had brought them both here for a reason.  What was his plan?  Did
they have a mission here, or was their survival more basic?  Were
they meant to be the re-genesis of Lin'Hrlar's flock?  When these
thoughts cross his mind, Utlin couldn't resist the urge to visit
Purlerna.  Could he ever except the fate of excepting this female
as his Companion?
     The Lady sat in her outer chamber listening to some obscure
Federation music.  Utlin sat on a small bench across from young
