	"Well I see we're in a good mood today" smirked Slash 
getting a kick out of Nemesis' behavior.  'He's finally back to his 
old self' she smiled to herself, looking down at Donna.  'Bitch.'  
Her smile was broken as the wall Nemesis was touching broke 
open and a small camera appeared in front of his face.  She took a 
step back, getting into a combat stance.  Her claws extended 
instantly.  He never moved.
	"Enter password" stated a speaker originating from near 
the camera.
	"Zephia 12 Luther Mia" replied Nemesis.  The camera 
disappeared as the wall rebuilt itself, hiding the broken area.  A 
couple of loud noises came from within the garage and the door 
slowly began to open.  Nemesis bent over and scooped up Donna's 
body and began walking into the garage.  Slash followed a little 
hesitantly behind her companion, still with her claws out and 
ready.  She really hated being uninformed.
	"Stop right there!" came a deep, husky male voice from 
within the darkness of the garage.  The two of them had barely 
gotten ten feet within the building.  
	"Who's there!" yelled Slash from behind her companion.
	"Nemesis.  How's it goin' mon?"
	"Not too bad Doc.  Got a little present for you."
	"Another hooker.  Don't you know I gave them up for 
lent?"
	"No hookers this time.  A tinker toy to take apart."
	By now, Slash was completely confused.  'What the hell is 
going on?  How is this guy and where the hell is he?' she thought 
trying to look into the darkness.
	"Do we get to have some fun this time?"
	"You got it."
	"Bring her in."  The lights flashed on, slightly blinding 
Slash for a second.  The garage door immediately slammed down 
into the concrete that startled the always calm Slash.
	"Will someone please tell me what the fuck is going on!" 
yelled Slash at the top of her lungs.  Nemesis turned around 
slowly eyeing her weirdly.
	"Slash, meet Doc.  He's a techie friend of mine.  He likes to 
take things apart and see how they work."  He turned towards Doc 
and began walking in his general direction.  "Doc, this is my 
friend Slash.  She's with Nestroth" he said pointing a thumb in 
her direction.  
	"Hey ya sexy" he said looking her over.  She looked him 
over back.  He stood almost as tall as Nemesis, but had black hair 
down to the middle of his back that flowed as he turned around to 
lead Nemesis to the door behind him.  He walked with a limp to the 
left side and had a cybernetic left arm as well.  'He must've gotten 
into something' thought Slash to herself as she began to follow 
the two men towards the door, her claws finally retracting.  It 
was unlocked with a pass card and led to a set of stairs leading 
downward.  Doc led them down.  Nemesis bumped Donna's head on 
the door frame.  Slash just had to let out a small laugh at that.
	They arrived at a another door that lead into a cybernetics 
lab, or something that looked like one.  Donna was placed on the 
medical table in the middle of the room.  There were tools of all 
sorts lining the walls and hanging from the ceiling.  Off to the 
left side were large tools for more heavy equipment, including 
what looked like a modified military gatlin gun.
	"I take it you like weaponry, sweetie?" smirked Doc seeing 
Slash look the gun over.  She looked at him with an anticipated 
smile that said yes.  "Hmm.  Maybe I'll let you take her for a ride 
tonight."  He turned towards Nemesis who was cutting Donna's 
bonds with one of Doc's molecularly sharp blades.
	"So what the hell's with this chic anyways?" asked Doc.
	"She worked with us on our last project, but she's got 
something in her chest that I think is a bug.  It's the only thing 
that explains why we ran into shit."
	"How do you know?"
	"Look at her under IR.  You'll see something really black 
there."
	"So you want to cut her open and see what we can see?"
	"Let's see if she will talk first."  The two men took her arms 
and legs, cuffing them to the four corners of the table securely.  
Doc took out an antidote for the sleeping chemical Nemesis used 
on her, and injected her with it.  In a few moments she came to 
trying to wipe her eyes with no luck from the restraints.  She 
looked up to see Nemesis looking right into her face.  Doc was 
busy putting on a surgeon's hat, mask and gloves.  'Interesting 
difference from the mechanics suit there Doc' Slash told herself 
as she too walked towards Donna.
	"Who are you working for Donna?" asked Nemesis in a 
very calm voice.
	"What the hell are you doing?  Untie me at once, you 
moron!" she screamed back testing her restraints.
	"I don't think so sweetie.  I think you set us up, which is 
why you've got a bug in your chest.  So why don't you just tell us 
what is going on" he said politely.
	"I'm not working for anyone.  And I don't have anything 
in my chest you, idiot!  Now let me go!" she screamed.  Doc walked 
around and attached two electrodes to her head and turned on a 
scanner that monitored certain parts of the brain for 
brainwaves.  "What the hell is that?  Who is he?"
	"Donna, I'm only going to ask you one more time, before I 
cut your chest open and find out what the hell you have in there.  
Now, tell me, who are you working for" he said in a very deep 
voice that began to frighten Donna even more.  His frowned brow 
made her look at him with wide eyes, fearing that he was serious.  
She thought for a moment, and then just made her eyelids very 
narrow and matched his frown with hers.
	"Fuck off bastard" she replied in a low tone.  Nemesis bent 
down until his face was less than a centimeter away from hers 
without changing his expression.
	"Have it your way, my dear."  He moved his lips down to 
hers and gave her a small kiss on the lips.  She didn't kiss him 
back.  He withdrew his face from hers, standing straight up, and 
removed the electrodes from her head.  "We won't be needing 
these" he said tossing them to Doc.  He looked back down at Donna 
and saw the fear in her eyes, yet also saw her determination as 
well.  He moved his right hand up to his left shoulder and quickly 
sent it flying across Donna's face, slapping her cheek so that the 
side of her face bounced off the table.  Blood began to trickle 
from the corner of her mouth as she turned to glare back at 
Nemesis whose facial expression still had not changed.
	"You asshole.  I'm gonna kill you, you son of a bitch!" she 
screamed.  Starting to violently pull on her restraints, she yelled 
and screamed until Doc had had enough.
	"Time to put her to sleep, I think."
	"Not this time.  I want her to feel this" snarled Nemesis.  
Donna barely caught what he said and gasped a little in 
anticipation.  Nemesis nodded to Slash who was getting a kick out 
of the torture being induced by Nemesis.  'It's good to have him 
back' she thought to herself.  She walked to Donna's right side 
and smiled at her.  Donna only caught a glimpse of her out of her 
peripheral vision.  Stroking her stomach, Slash began feeling 
Donna's lower ribs and stomach.  Then raised her strong arm and 
let the side of her fist slam into Donna's stomach, just below her 
sternum.  Donna sucked in her breath and pulled at her cuffs as 
her face turned red from her breath being knocked of out her.  
She finally relaxed a little and began taking short breaths.
	Nemesis stood above her head still and pulled her jacket 
away as much as possible from her chest.  He then reached into 
her top and in one swift pull, ripped the top of it and her bra 
open.  She struggled underneath him to no evail as his hands 
went further down to grab the divided material at the edge of the 
tear.  In another pull, her top was in two and he pulled the parts 
to the sides to reveal her bare chest and white breasts.  Her 
nipples were slightly hard from her treatment, something that 
Slash took note of.  She slowly caressed both of Donna's breasts, 
allowing her touch to become rougher as her claws extended a 
few inches from her fingertips.  Her slight smile of playfulness 
changed to a devilish grin as she moved her fingers to the 
underside of Donna's breasts and pushed her claws into the skin 
below them.  Not wanting to be outdone by what was sure to be 
effective torture by Nemesis, Slash began to drag her claws down 
towards Donna's navel.
	"Now who are you working for Donna?" asked Slash now 
enjoying the fun as well.
	"Nobody!  I swear I'm not working for anybody!" she 
screamed.  Tears were now running from her eyes as she tossed 
her head from side to side.  Slash only pushed in harder until 
blood coated much of her lower stomach.
	'I've had enough of this shit' thought Nemesis as he 
reached over for the molecularly sharp blade he had cut her 
bonds with.  He placed the edge of it next to the tendon in her 
right peck.  Slash reluctantly pulled her claws out of Donna as 
she saw what Nemesis was about to do.  "Donna, why did you set us 
up.  Tell me or you will regret it" he spoke in a stern voice after 
waiting impatiently for an answer.
	"Go to hell!" she yelled.  The pain and realization of the 
situation, finally breaking her.
	"Fine.  Slash put a gag in her mouth.  I don't want any of 
her childish screams to hurt my ears"  he said.  Slash complied by 
stuffing a dirty rag in her mouth and stepped back as Nemesis 
began slowly cutting the tendon in her peck.  Her screams were 
muffled by the rag, but her tears and struggling movements only 
made the pain worse.  The tendon finally broken and Donna let 
out a ear-piercing shriek as the tears rolled down her face freely.
	"That's enough, Nemesis" said Doc as he came over to 
Nemesis who was getting ready to start on the other shoulder.  He 
placed the end of a silver device that looked like a gun to Donna's 
throat and pulled the trigger.  She jerked and then collapsed to 
the table, unconscious.  
	"Making her squirm is not going to get the info you want 
man."
	"You know how much I hate people who stab me in the 
back."
	"Let's just get what you came for and forget about it, all 
right?" spoke Doc in a soft tone of voice, a little shocked by the 
whole situation.
	"You're the doc.  Let's see what's in her chest."  He removed 
the blade from her shoulder and stepped back as Doc began to 
stop the bleeding in Donna's stomach with a laserstitch.  After 
removing the gag in her mouth, he began working on stopping 
the extensive bleeding from her shoulder.  To Nemesis' wishes, he 
finally cut into her chest with a scalpel.  Doc brought over a few 
instruments to determine just where and what the black box in 
her chest really was, then began to go after the prize.
	"Jesus Christ!  This thing is really in her.  Someone really 
did a good job on her when they put it in."  Doc continued to try 
and get a better look at the black thin box that was lodged under 
Donna's sternum, near her collar bone.  "How the hell could she 
breath for cryin' out load?"  The frown on Doc's face spelled a 
tough job, and probably one done by a pro.  He continued to open 
her up enough to get at the box and finally cut the thin metal 
rings that were securing it to her sternum.  A soft digital pulse 
emanated from Donna's direction, and then a hushed pop silenced 
all sound in the room.  Her head and body jerked slightly and 
then went limp again.  Her heart drastically slowed until coming 
to a complete stop within seconds of the diminished sound.
	"Damn" softly stated Doc, keeping his hands still.
	"What?" questioned Slash and Nemesis almost in unison.
	"Shoulda known.  Oh well.  Let's see what we can see."  He 
slowly pulled the box out from under Donna's sternum, not 
bothering to put her back together more than letting the torn 
skin slide back into place.  Taking the box over to the sink, he 
removed most of the blood from the box with a damp towel and put 
it under a lamp to get a better look at it.  'Edging at the sides, not 
too tough.  No markings, no noticeable points, oh hey, there's the 
trigger mechanism' he thought looking at a very small silver 
line down the inside of the clips.  Nemesis and Slash becoming 
bored with the subject at hand, retired to opposite sides of the 
room to lean on the walls, waiting for something to come out of 
the box that would give them a clue to Donna's true loyalties.
	Doc picked the box up and moved it over to the work table 
and placed it on a ceramic flat plate that was situated under one of 
his analyzers.  Within a few minutes he had run IR, UV, X-ray and 
a few other tests just to see what was in the middle of the black 
box.  He then took a small tool and began wedging the corner of it 
open until the lid popped up.  Slowly, he lifted it off and revealed 
the small transmitter board that the X-ray scan had shown.
	"So what do we got?" gruffly asked Nemesis, still 
pessimistically leaning on the wall.
	"Transmitter box.  It essentially controlled the bomb.  
However, it could have been triggered by someone else with some 
form of an electronic signal."
	"So she had a fail safe in her, huh?"  he said moving closer 
to Donna again.  He brushed her cheek with his index finger and 
moved his face close to hers.  "You got outta this easy wench" he 
whispered to her.  Standing up, he moved over to take the box in 
his hand.  "So can you figure out who made it or who could 
detonate it?" he asked looking at Doc.
	"Maybe.  It'll take some time."
	"Contact me in the usual way in one day" replied Nemesis 
as he handed the box back to Doc and motioned Slash to following 
him out the door.  
	"What about your woman?"
	"Oh yeah."  Nemesis grabbed a nearby trash bag and 
worked it over Donna's head and torso after removing her bonds.  
He scooped her up so that she was crunched upside down into the 
bag and then proceeded to head up the stairs.
	As Doc verified the garage door closing from his wall 
monitor he dialed into his telecom and waited while the security 
codes played their game before opening a screen.
	"What is it?" came Nebulus' tired voice.
	"We've got a few problems."
******************
	"So what the hell are you going to do with her?" 
reprimanded Slash as she drove into the next alleyway.
	"Pull up next to that dumpster over there?"  The van 
stopped and Nemesis pulled Donna's body out of the van, throwing 
it into the dumpster without a care.  He returned to the van to 
fetch a can of gasoline and proceeded to pour some of the can's 
contents onto Donna's body.  He returned to the van and picked 
up an old oil rag.  Lighting it, the van began to move away as he 
threw it into the dumpster and slid the van's side door shut.
                     THE CRAB AND THE HERON
   Once upon a time . . . an elderly heron made his home in a pond full of
fish. He was stiff and slow in his old age, and he didn't find it easy to
catch his lunch.
   However, he decided to use his wits: he went to see a crab, said to be a
great chatterbox, and in a mock frightened volce, told him the latest rumour.
   "Certain birds, friends of mine, say that the lakeside fishermen will be
coming here soon with their nets. They're going to take away all the fish.
I'll have no meals left. Everything will be gone and the fish will end up in 
the frying pan!"
   The crab quickly scuttled away to the banks of the pond and dived in to
tell the fish the awful news. The frightened fish begged the crab for good
advice, and he returned to the heron.
   ". . . they're all scared stiff and don't know which way to turn. While you
yourself snap up a few now and again, it's against your interests if they go.
So what shall we do?" The heron pretended to be lost in thought. Then he said:
"I'll tell you what! I can carry them, a few at a time, to a pond hidden in
the forest. They'll be quite safe there. But will the fish trust me?"
   Whether they were scared of the fishermen, or maybe the crab had a glib
tongue, at any rate, the fish agreed to this strange offer. The heron began
his trips between pond and forest. But the crab noticed that the heron made
excuses for dallying on the way. What was more, the crab's keen eye noticed
that the heron's tummy was now a good deal plumper. Days later, when all the
fish had been rescued from the pond, the heron said to the crab: "Don't you
want to be rescued too?" he asked.
   "Certainly!" replied the crab.
   "Bend over. I'll climb on to your neck. I'd hate to make your beak tired!"
   When they were far from the pond, the crab saw that the ground was littered
with fish bones. He clung tightly to the heron's neck and said: "I've no _
intention of coming to the same end as the fish! Now, just deposit me gently
into the water. I'm not letting go of your neck till I feel safe!"
   And from that day on, crabs and herons have always loathed each other and
try to avoid meeting.
                    REVOLT OF THE CYBERSLAVES
                                        By Lawrence Dworin
          Copyright 1991 by Lawrence Dworin
         ********************************************
                       **SHAREWARE**
          This book has been electronically published
          under the "Shareware" concept. If you read
          and enjoy this book, a contribution of $10.00,
          or any amount, would be greatly appreciated.
          Please send it to to:
                         Lawrence Dworin
                          P.O. Box 413
                        Durand, MI 48429
          Your comments, criticisms, and suggestions are
          also welcome.
               Thank you.
          ********************************************
               
                         CHAPTER  1
     "Um, It's not exactly what I had in mind!"
     Ernie Ross looked ruefully at his imitation fur loincloth and
flimsy plastic broadsword. "Um, I sort of thought...."
     The girl behind the counter gave Ernie a sour look. "You
wanted to play the `Goombah the Barbarian' Virtual Reality Game,
right?"
     "Uh, yeah," Ernie replied.
     The girl examined a sheet of paper, cracking her gum loudly.
"In that case, you have to wear the fur loincloth and carry the
plastic broadsword. It says so right here."
     Ernie thought about this. "Well, in the ad it said that
playing the game would be just like being Goombah the Barbarian.
There'd be monsters and wizards and everything, just like the
movie!"
     "That's correct," replied the girl. "Here at the Virtual
Arcade, we offer simulated reality games of just about any popular
character or story line. Our huge mainframe computers allow us to
synthesize any reality in amazingly high resolution, allowing us to
believably create stories in which YOU can be the main character.
You can step into the role of a commando, a swashbuckler, a space
traveler, just about anything that any popular movie or book has
featured recently. You can act out the role of your favorite
character, doing anything that character could. You can actually BE
your favorite fictional character! You can live out your fantasies,
for only a few dollars a minute!" She seemed to reading from a
prepared statement.
     "Well..." Ernie was still unsure. He had heard that these
games were tremendous fun. They had become very popular in the last
few years. You could now find a Virtual Arcade at just about any
major shopping mall (they were franchised). Of course, you had to
pay through the nose to play, but nobody seemed to mind. They were
just so much FUN...
     "I still feel silly wearing this fur loincloth and carrying
this big plastic sword," complained Ernie.
     "That's what Goombah wears in the movie, isn't it?" the girl
said, looking bored.
     "Well..."
     The girl looked at the clock. "If you don't want to play
GOOMBAH THE BARBARIAN, I can let you play KILLER LESBIANS FROM
OUTER SPACE instead. I've got a game starting in ten minutes."
     "No, no, that's okay," Ernie protested.
      A chime sounded. "Your game starts in five minutes!" The girl
warned Ernie, fluffing her hair absently.
     Well, I guess I'm stuck with this, Ernie thought. I paid my
$47.95; and there's no refund. I hope this turns out to be worth
the money. Ernie was, after all, just a college student, and didn't
have money to burn.
     The chime sounded, again, this time more urgently. "Second
door on your right," the girl said brightly.
     This is not starting off well at all, Ernie thought, as he
headed down the hallway. If this doesn't improve real quick, I'm
going to file a complaint, or something.
     Ernie entered a small cubicle. A technician sat him down in a
large, comfortable reclining chair, and fitted him with the stereo
goggles and headset that made Virtual Reality come alive. He even
added the latest refinement: tactile sensation electrodes, which he
glued to Ernie's body at strategic locations.
     As Ernie settled into the new visions and sensations that
awaited him, he began to feel somewhat better. There before him was
the mysterious landscape that Goombah inhabited in the movies, full
of forbidding crags and castles shaped like skulls. Of course, none
of it was actually there, but the illusion was amazingly realistic.
It was hard to believe it was all just synthesized artificial
reality. Ernie was impressed. Maybe this will be okay after all, he
thought. He unsheathed his huge plastic broadsword, preparing to be
attacked by dragons, wizards, or any of the other fearsome
mythological characters that Goombah customarily battled.
     Suddenly, Ernie heard a loud, high-pitched bark. He looked
down and saw a little white dog with a black spot over one eye. The
dos looked up at him expectantly.  Ernie was not prepared for
something like this. I'm supposed to be Goombah the Barbarian, he
thought. Goombah does not have any silly little dog!
     The dog suddenly jumped up into Ernie's arms. He caught it
automatically. It peered up into his face, as though expecting him
to do something.
     "This has got to be a mistake", said Ernie to himself
exasperatedly. "This dog must be from somebody else's game. What am
I gonna do with him?" 
     Before he could think about the problem any further, a  bright
light in the sky attracted Ernie's attention. Here it comes, he
thought, gripping his broadsword tightly. What will it be, a demon,
a flying dragon? Ernie strained his eyes. It's...a flying saucer?
Sure enough, it was a flying saucer, looking as though it had come
straight from an old 1950's science-fiction movie. Ernie was taken
aback. There weren't supposed to be any flying saucers in Goombah
the Barbarian!
     The flying saucer quickly landed a few yards in front of
Ernie, and two space creatures emerged. They seemed to be some kind
of humanoid reptiles. They reminded Ernie of giant iguanas. The dog
under Ernie's arm wriggled uncomfortably.
     Ernie frowned. Space creatures? he thought. What am I supposed
to do with space creatures? This isn't what I was expecting at all!
Ernie frowned. What kind of game is this, anyway?! The creatures
began approaching Ernie.
     Maybe I'm supposed to say something, he considered. Suddenly,
an idea occurred to him. He drew himself up to his full height.
"Klaatu barada nikto!" he announced.
     One of the space creatures pulled out a ray gun and pointed it
at him. Hmm, thought Ernie. Maybe that wasn't quite the right thing
to say. It occurred to Ernie that a strategic retreat might be a
good idea. He looked around quickly. Unfortunately, the landscape
of swirling mists and forbidding hills didn't seem to contain
anyplace to retreat to.
     Ernie turned back to the creatures. "Look, uh, what I said
about Klaatu, I didn't really mean..." The creature fired. Ernie
felt himself suddenly stiffen into immobility.
     "It's stunned, sir," Ernie heard one creature say to the
other.
     "Good, load it onto the ship." The two creatures lifted Ernie,
who had become stiff as a board, and began carrying him, dog and
all, toward the ship.
     In spite of himself, Ernie was impressed. These special
effects are fantastic, he thought. I wonder how they do that
Stunner business?
     Suddenly, a costumed comic-book character appeared, complete
with flowing cape and a big, red `M' on his chest. He blocked the
aliens' path. "Unhand that barbarian!" the comic-book character
boomed.
     The space creature looked at each other in confusion. "Unhand?
What does that mean? Are we supposed to cut off his hands?"
     The comic-book character looked exasperated. "Look, just put
him down, okay?" he said, in a much more conversational tone.
     "Put him down? Put him down?" One space creature looked at the
other. "What do we do now, sir?"
     "Oh, I don't know", the other creature replied. "Just
disintegrate him, I guess." They drew their weapons.
     The comic-book character looked confused. "Um..uh.." The
creatures advanced menacingly.
     Suddenly, the comic-book character shouted what seemed to
Ernie to be a very odd thing. "JMP 08F1!"
     Instantly, the entire scene vanished. Ernie, still stiff and
board-like, found himself unsupported, and dropped three feet to
land with a thud on a carpeted floor. "Hi guy!" Ernie heard someone
say. "Howya doin'?"
     Ernie attempted to moan, but discovered that he was still
quite securely frozen. "Here, let me help you up," he heard the
same voice say. The room swung into view as he felt himself lifted
up and placed on his feet like a statue. He seemed to be in
someone's living room.
     The owner of the voice came into view. It was the comic-book
character, who in the cold light of day appeared to be a pleasant,
although rather vacuous-looking fellow of indeterminate age. "Allow
me to introduce myself," he said cheerfully. "I'm Captain Memory!"
He extended a hand. Ernie instinctively attempted to shake the
man's hand, but discovered he was still quite frozen. It occurred
to him that he was still carrying the silly little dog, which was
also frozen.
     The man dropped his outstretched hand embarrassedly. "Hey, I
forgot," he said cheerfully. "You're still paralyzed! Hey, no
sweat! It'll wear off in a few minutes!" The man seated himself on
a nearby sofa and began perusing a small book he had produced from
somewhere. Ernie, of course, continued to stand where he was,
immobilized.
      This is a really weird game, Ernie thought. The special
effects are fantastic, but the story line is bizarre. Like, what am
I supposed to do now?
     After about fifteen minutes, Ernie's little finger began to
twitch. The twitching slowly spread across his hand. Finally, with
great effort, Ernie was able to take a step towards the comic-book
character, who was still seated on the sofa, reading his book.
      The comic-book character looked up. "Ah, it's wearing off!"
he said. "Are you feeling okay?' 
     "Ungph", said Ernie, discovering that the power of speech was
slowly returning to him.
     Captain Memory took that to mean "yes". "Good, good," he
replied in a cheerful tone. 
     "Wharf gumg om?" Ernie got out with difficulty.
     "You're probably wondering what's going on."
     "Yarf!"
     Ernie felt something sharp digging into his side. It was the
little dog, trying to get away. Unfortunately, that arm had not
unfrozen yet. 
     Ernie's ability to speak seemed to have returned. "All right,
so what IS going on?"
     "I had to rescue you from those creatures,"  Captain Memory
explained. "They were taking you to be a Cyberslave in the mining
pits."
     Ernie frowned. "What's a Cyberslave?"
     Captain Memory shook his head sadly. "They were going to force
you to operate mining robots, like so many other poor fools before
you. Like you, they thought they were going to play a game. The
next thing they knew, they were forced into a life of virtual hard
labor, operating mining robots 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, until
finally their bodies shrivelled up and their brains burned out." He
sighed. "I was too late for most of them, but at least I could save
the two of you!"
     Ernie shivered. Some of this was beginning to seem a  little
too real. "Man, this is a really strange game!" he said. "I'm not
complaining, mind you! I mean, the special effects alone make it
worth the money!" He looked around. He seemed to be in a huge
living room, all decorated in 1950's style. It all seemed very
solid and believable. Ernie couldn't help being impressed. "I mean,
this is, like, SO realistic! It's just that I'm having a real hard
time following the story! Like, what is supposed to be happening in
this game, anyway?"
     Captain Memory sighed. "Look, I'm trying to explain this to
you. It's NOT a game, okay? That game business was just a ruse. It
was a trap to get you to come in and hook yourself up to their
Virtual Reality system. Once you're in, you can't get out! They
turn you into a Cyberslave, and make you work until your brain
burns up!"
     "Oh, right," Ernie caught himself. "I get it. You're not
supposed to admit it's a game. You're supposed to pretend it's
real. Okay, I'll play along. So, what now?"
     Captain Memory shook his head sadly. "I can see this isn't
going to be easy." He thought a moment. "Okay, if this is a game,
you should be able to quit any time you like, right?"
     "Uh, yeah." This was beginning to make Ernie uneasy.
     "So, how do you quit?" the Captain demanded. "Where's the ESC
button, or BREAK or whatever? HOW do you get out?"
     Ernie suddenly realized that he hadn't been given any
information on what to do when he wanted to quit playing. "Uh,
well, I can quit anytime I want," he said defensively.
     "Okay; try!" Captain Memory demanded.
     Ernie shuffled uncomfortably. "Well, maybe I'm not ready to
quit yet!"
     "Try it, just to see what happens!" the Captain urged.
     "Well", Ernie considered. "It looks like I got into the wrong
game here. I wanted to play GOOMBAH THE BARBARIAN. I mean, no
offense, this is a cool game and everything, but I really wanted to
play GOOMBAH!"
     Captain Memory looked upset. "This really isn't a game!"
     Ernie sighed. "I'll tell you what. I'll just give up on this
for today, and I'll try again a week from Thursday, okay? So, I'll
just be heading home now, okay?"
     "Great!" said the Captain enthusiastically. "Just quit right
now, okay?"
     "Well, okay," Ernie agreed halfheartedly. He tried to think of
what to do. "Hello!" he called up into the air. "Is anybody there?
I'd like to go now!" Nothing happened. 
     Ernie's heart began to pound. "Hey, c'mon! Isn't anybody
listening to me? I said `I wanna GO!'" No response.
     This was beginning to be more than Ernie felt he could deal
with."Look, I'm not asking for my money back, or anything. I'll,
you know, try again some other time. I just want to go home, okay?"
No answer.
     Now Ernie really DID want to go! He began to panic. "Hey,
isn't anybody out there!? WAKE UP!! I don't wanna play anymore! I
wanna go home!" He wailed, "I WANT MY MOMMY!!" Nothing!
     "All right, all right, calm down!" Captain Memory tried to
soothe Ernie. "We'll get you out of here! It's just going to
take...a little time!"
     Ernie's left arm unfroze convulsively, dumping the little dog
on the floor. It growled unpleasantly. "Why can't you get me out of
here NOW?" he demanded petulantly.
     The Captain shrugged. "Hey, I don't run this show! I was lucky
I could even get you away from those creatures! Getting out is
another story altogether!"
     "Oh, this is awful!" Ernie wailed. He still wasn't entirely
sure whether this was a game or not, but whatever it was, he didn't
like it anymore!
     "Maybe you'd better sit down." Captain Memory moved over to
one side of the sofa. Ernie decided that sitting down was probably
a good idea, and did so. This was beginning to get altogether too
real. "Anyway, it could be worse!"
     "How?" Ernie moaned.
     "You could be like that poor guy over there," the Captain
said, gesturing towards the dog.
     "I don't need your sympathy," the dog snapped.
     Ernie started. "A talking dog! This is unbelievable! What
next?"
     "Yeah, yeah", the dog snarled. "Believe me, you don't look so
hot in that ridiculous fur loincloth either! Goombah the Barbarian!
I'm sure!"  The dog pulled a cigar out of some invisible pocket and
began to smoke it, holding it in his front paw in a very un-canine
manner.
     Ernie was suddenly very conscious of his loincloth. He looked
at the dog. "What..what...?"
     "See what I mean?" the Captain gestured towards the dog. "In
Virtual Reality, you can be anybody, or anything! You're lucky you
came through as yourself! You could have wound up like him, as a
dog!"
     The dog made a wry expression. "Yeah, right. Or like YOU!" He
looked the Captain up and down. "A super hero?" he said
sarcastically.
     Captain Memory seemed nonplussed. "Well...what's wrong with
that?"
     "I'm sure!" the replied. "Okay, what super powers have you
got?"
     The Captain seemed defensive. "Well, I do have some powers!"
     "Like what?"
     "Well..." the Captain thought a moment. "Like, I program in
Assembler, and he doesn't!"
     "Wait a minute!" Ernie was confused. "WHO doesn't?"
     "Why, the man behind all this, of course," the Captain
explained. "The evil genius, Waldo Stadium!"
     "Oh, I get it!" Ernie brightened. "This really is a game,
right?"
     Captain Memory sighed exasperatedly. "Look, for the last time,
this is NOT a game. The evil genius, Waldo Stadium, has embarked on
a plan to take over the entire world's computing power. He's been
breaking into people's systems one at a time, taking control of
them, and linking them to his other systems to create a vast
network that grows more powerful all the time. When he takes over
a system, he establishes complete control over anything and anybody
that happens to be in it at the time. That's how you fell into his
clutches. He's taken over the Virtual Arcades; anyone who was
playing a Virtual Reality games there is now his Cyberslave!"
     "Oh, man!" Ernie sank his head into his hands. This was just
too much to handle! Suddenly, a thought occurred to him. "So, how
did we get here, anyway?" He gestured to the room around them.
     Captain Memory pulled himself up to his full height. "I
brought you here!" he said proudly. He turned to the dog. "See, I
told you I had powers!"
     "Great," said the dog sarcastically. "So where are we,
anyway?"
     "We're in Virtual Reality," the Captain explained. "You know,
Cyberspace."
     "Wait a minute," Ernie was finding this all hard to follow.
"If we're still in the computer, doesn't that mean that this guy
Waldo Supermarket has control over us?"
     "Stadium", Captain Memory corrected.
     "Whatever," Ernie said exasperatedly. "What about my question?
Who's in control here?"
     "Ah, that the beauty of it," explained the Captain, warming to
his subject. "He's been taking over systems so fast that he can't
keep track of them. He doesn't even know what he's got! Remember,
when he takes over a system, he gets EVERYTHING that was in it.
He's got games, spreadsheets, database files, and hundreds of
different Virtual Realities, all mixed together in no order! That's
what gives us our window of opportunity. We can hide out in areas
he doesn't even know he's got, until we figure out how to bring
this diabolical scheme to a halt!"
     Ernie thought about this. "Okay, we're in Cyberspace."
     "Right."
     "But where in Cyberspace?"
     The Captain slumped. "Well....I don't exactly know."
     The dog snickered. "Some super hero!"
     "Well, well, I was under a lot of pressure!" The Captain said
defensively. "Those creatures would have had you in another second!
So, I just picked a location at random and JUMPed to it!"
     "You JUMPed to it?" Ernie was confused. "How do you do that?"
     "That's the beauty of Assembler," the Captain answered
enthusiastically. "You can do stuff like that! Now, with a high-
level language, you'd never be able to do stuff like that. You can
only do what the language says you can do. In Assembler, you can do
ANYTHING." Captain Memory chuckled. "That's Waldo's weak point. He
refuses to learn Assembler. He insists you can do all this stuff in
C, or whatever language he using now. Well, we'll show..."
     Suddenly, the dog broke in. "At RANDOM!?" he barked. "You
JUMPed at RANDOM?!!!"
     "Well..." the Captain was taken aback.
     "You mean," the dog continued. "We could have wound up in the
middle of a SPREADSHEET!!?"
     Ernie tried to imagine life in a spreadsheet. It didn't sound
too appealing.
     "It was a chance I had to take," Captain Memory explained
defensively.
     "Great," the dog snarled. "You take chances with our lives!"
     "Okay, okay," the Captain said placatingly. "I've got a better
location." He rummaged furiously through the pockets in his
costume. "I wrote it down; it's here somewhere." he continued
searching. "Um, no, um AHA!" He brandished a small slip of paper in
the air. "Here it is!" He read the paper aloud. "It's: INSPECTED BY
NO. 42!"
     "Some super hero!" the dog repeated.
     The Captain frowned. "Well, maybe that's not the right one!"
He continued to rummage through his pockets. "I'm sure I had it
here somewhere!"
     Ernie looked askance at the comic-book character. "You don't
REMEMBER it?"
     Captain Memory fidgeted uncomfortably. "Hey, it's not easy to
remember a long string of numbers in Hex, you know! I'm doing the
best I can!"
     Ernie moaned quietly. This was all giving him a terrible
headache. Suddenly a thought occurred to him. "Hey, this is all
really just a game, right?
     Captain Memory looked annoyed. "No, it is not a game. It never
was a game. Will you PLEASE stop saying that!"
     Ernie moaned quietly. Captain Memory glanced at his wrist.
"We'd better hurry. We're running out of time."
     Ernie looked up. "You don't have a watch," he said
suspiciously. 
     Captain Memory continued to look at his bare wrist. "Well,
no," he said, a bit crestfallen. "I always wanted one, though."
     Ernie looked around. "Can't we just stay here? It's nice
here." They seemed to be in a very large living room of a well-kept
home. It appeared to be furnished in Fabulous Fifties style, except
for a few odd objects that Ernie couldn't identify.
     "We can't stay in one place to long," replied Captain Memory.
"Waldo Stadium is sorting his data as fast as he can. If we stay in
one place too long, sooner or later he'll zero in on us. Anyway,"
Captain Memory looked around. "This place is beginning to look kind
of familiar to me. If I'm right, this isn't a safe place to be!"
      "Okay, then where are we?" the dog demanded.
     "I think we've landed in a game called `ATTACK OF THE GIANT
EGGPLANT.' If I'm right, this place is going to be nuked in" he
glanced at his bare wrist again, "oh, forty-five minutes or so."
     Ernie began to be aware of a queasy feeling in the pit of his
stomach. This is making me anxious, he thought. I'm not going to do
things like this anymore. That's it, no more Virtual Reality for
     "Maybe you'd like to watch some TV," Captain Memory suggested
cheerfully. "Maybe that would make you feel better."
     "I thought we were in a hurry," Ernie answered.
     "We can watch for a couple minutes," the Captain replied.
      I guess that makes as much sense as anything else, Ernie
thought, and followed the Captain towards the other end of the
room, where he noticed a television with a ten-foot-wide screen
playing with the sound turned off.
     As they approached the television Ernie noticed a large, high-
backed '50's-style sofa positioned close in front of the TV. As
they came around the side of the sofa Ernie was startled to see two
people sitting there, staring intently at the television screen.
"Hey!" Ernie uttered involuntarily.
     The two people seemed oblivious to Ernie's presence. "Um,
hello?" Ernie said tentatively. "Excuse me?" The people did not
respond.
     Captain Memory sighed. "It's too late for them, I'm afraid."
     Ernie moaned. "I wished you'd stop saying depressing things.
It makes my stomach hurt."
     "Oh, sorry." Captain Memory seemed concerned. "Um, how about
`It's too late for them, I'm pleased to say?'"
     "That's not much better."
     Captain Memory shrugged. "Hey, I tried." He fell silent.
     Ernie looked at the people. They seemed frozen into position,
staring at the television. They seemed emaciated; their muscles
seemed to have withered in the positions they were in. "Okay, so
what's wrong with them?"
     Captain Memory shook his head. "They've been in Cyberspace too
long," he said sadly. "There's a limit to how much of this you can
take, you know. Your brain burns out. I don't think these two have
much longer. All they can do is sit here in front of the TV."
Captain Memory sighed. "Terrible, just terrible. Look at them; they
can't even change channels anymore."
     Ernie shuddered. This is gruesome, he thought. I think it's
bad for me to look at gruesome things.
     "Oh well," Captain Memory brightened. "Can't be helped." The
Captain unceremoniously pushed the stricken couple off the sofa.
They fell stiffly to the floor, motionless except for their eyes,
which rotated to stay fixed on the television screen. Captain
Memory seated himself as comfortably as possible on the sofa. "So,
what do you want to watch?"
     They heard a voice behind them. "Crap!" The dog was looking
ruefully at his half-burned cigar and cursing quietly.
     "What's the matter?" Captain Memory inquired cheerfully.
     "I'm almost out of cigars," the dog groused. "Here I am stuck
in this stupid pointless computer game, and I can't even get a
decent cigar."
     "Well, maybe we can get you some more, uh, what was your name
again?" The Captain inquired.
     "Sterno." The dog intoned pompously.
     "Sterno?" said Ernie dubiously. "What kind of a name is that?
Sterno is those little cans of heating stuff."
      "I'll have you know that I am Lord High Keeper of the Sacred
Flame. Why, in better days...."
     "Oh, I remember now!" the Captain broke in brightly. "That's
a game called `DOG STAR'! You must have been playing it when Waldo
took over your system! That's why you're trapped in the body of a
dog!"
     Sterno was taken aback. "Uh, well, yeah, I was..."
     "Lord High Keeper of the Sacred Flame, huh?" the Captain
continued. "You were doing pretty good!"
     Sterno brightened. "Well, yes, as a matter of fact..."
     "Wanna watch `Stump the Stars'?" Captain Memory said to Ernie,
cutting off Sterno's tales of past glory.
     "What's that about?" inquired Ernie.
     "It's this game show where famous Hollywood celebrities have
to answer these questions, and if they get them wrong, they get
their arms and legs chopped off. Stumps, get it?" Captain Memory
laughed.
     Ernie frowned. "I don't like these new game shows." He glanced
at the television. The program seemed to be a game show. The MC was
an unpleasant looking man wearing a black military uniform with
skulls on the collar. He wore a monocle in his left eye, and
carried a riding crop, which he periodically cracked against his
jackboots.
     "Oh, it's one of those sadistic Nazi game show hosts," said
Ernie. "Isn't there anything else on?"
     Captain Memory was paging through a copy of TV Guide. "Doesn't
look like there's anything on except game shows. How about `Vomit
for Dollars'?"
     Ernie grimaced.
     "Here's a movie," the Captain continued. "How about `The
Humpback of Notre Dame', starring Ronald Reagan? You know, the one
about the whale that plays football?"
     Ernie sighed. "What's this we're watching now?"
     "I don't know." Captain Memory reached for a dial. "Let's turn
up the volume and find out."
     The off-camera announcer's voice came blasting out off the
set, painfully loud. "... time for Wheel of Torture! The show which
every week asks the question: How much can you take?"
     The sound of applause welled up from the audience.
     "And here's our host," the announcer continued. "The Gestapo's
greatest, that famous fiend, Sturmbannfuhrer Dr. Heinz von   
Liederkranz!"
     Once again the sound of applause welled up. The sound seemed
to be growing impossibly loud. In fact, it seemed to be coming from
all around them.              
     The game show host smiled and bowed to the audience. "Tank
you, tank you!"
     "Now, let's drag in today's first victim!" The announcer
continued. "From  Palo Alto, California, let's have a big         
round of applause for: CAPTAIN MEMORY!"
     The huge waves of applause filled Ernie's head, blocking out
everything else. He clenched his eyes tightly, trying to regain his
composure. He opened them again, and staggered back in shock. They
were no longer in the suburban living room. They were actually
standing on the stage that they had been watching only seconds
before. They had actually been sucked INTO the game show!
     Captain Memory seemed confused. "Hey, uh, wait a minute. I
didn't..."
     The announcer continued. "And here's contestant number two!
From the Land  that Time Forgets, let's have a big hand for:
Goombah the Barbarian!"
     Ernie realized that they meant him. A Nazi SS trooper grabbed
him, and shoved him roughly forward.    "Hey, lemme go...ow. Look.
I'm not supposed..."
     "Say, I just LOVE your loincloth!", the announcer quipped.
     Ernie could hear the audience laughing. He began to feel
terribly self-conscious.
     "And what a CUTE little dog!" the announcer went on.
     Sterno didn't seem to be particularly bothered by the state of
affairs. "Say, you got a cigar?"
     "Why SURE!" The announcer handed him one. The audience
chuckled.
     The announcer continued. "Well, all RIGHT then! Dr. von
Liederkranz, what are we going to start out with today?"
     The Nazi smiled theatrically. "Vell, Biff, I tought I'd shtart
out vit a liddle infention of mein own: de Hot Vhirling Corshcrew!"
He pulled out a fiendish-looking device, made of glowing, whirling
metal parts. Without warning, he jabbed Captain Memory with it. The
Captain let out a blood-curdling shriek.
     The audience applauded wildly.
     "VERY good!" The announcer exclaimed jovially. "Now, let's see
how that rated on our applause meter. A 57! Well, that's..."
     "Forget this!" shouted Captain Memory. "JMP 08F1!"
     Suddenly, Ernie found himself back on the porcelain sofa. The
TV was now off. Ernie was trembling. "Wha...what happened?"
     Captain Memory was rubbing his side ruefully. "Oh, I JUMPed us
back here. I really didn't like that Hot Whirling Corkscrew!"
     "Good cigar, though." Sterno added, puffing away. The cigar
seemed to have improved his disposition somewhat.
     "I...I don't understand," Ernie whined.
     "You know how in a lot of computer games there's these little
doors or windows or something, and when you step through them
you're on a whole different level?" Captain Memory asked.
     "Yeah?" Ernie replied tentatively.
     "Well," the Captain gestured towards the TV. "That's one of
them!"
     Ernie noticed an odd smell. He glanced towards the floor. The
two shrivelled people were...vibrating. Wisps of smoke seemed to be
coming out of their ears.
     "Oh, I forgot," said the Captain. "You're never supposed to
turn the TV off on these people. Something bad happens... I forget
exactly what, but it's real bad."
     Ernie continued to watch the couple in horror. The smoke was
coming more heavily new. Their foreheads seemed to be bulging.
     "What...what are we gonna do?" Ernie choked out.
     Captain Memory regarded his bare wrist carefully. "Some day
I'm gonna get a watch," he said thoughtfully.
     "I really think we ought to do something," said Ernie
anxiously. Smoke was coming out of their noses now. Light seemed to
be appearing behind their eyes.
     "A silver watch might be nice. Do you think silver would look
good with this outfit?" Captain Memory wondered.
     "I really, REALLY think we ought to do something!" said Ernie
urgently. The TV addicts bodies were beginning to swell rapidly.
Ernie inched away from them.
      "Oh well," said Captain Memory unhurriedly. "I guess it's
time to go. Uh, let's see." He thought a moment. "Let's try: PUSH
FF0C." With that, they were gone.
     Ernie blinked and staggered. The scene had changed completely. 
Now he saw an elaborate 18th century drawing room around him. The
walls were decorated with filigreed mirrors and candelabras.
Delicate furniture surrounded them. It all looked very expensive. 
          Captain Memory looked about, obviously pleased with
himself. "Hey, it worked!"
     Ernie's head swam. He felt confused and disoriented. These
abrupt changes of scene were making him sick. He sagged into a
chair. "I don't feel very good," he complained.
     Sterno puffed his cigar. "This is almost decent," he mused.
"You don't suppose there's a snifter of brandy about, do you?" The
sound of a harpsichord drifted in from somewhere. "Ah, Telemann,"
Sterno commented. "Very tasteful."
      Captain Memory turned to Ernie. "Gee, I'm sorry you're not
feeling well," he commiserated. "Would it make you feel better to
watch some TV?"
     Ernie sat bolt upright. "NO!"
     The Captain had brought along his copy of TV Guide. "You're
missing the `Ozzie and Hitler Show'."
     "I don't care."
     "This is a good episode: `Ozzie forgets that the boss is
coming for dinner, so Hitler has to invade Poland on a moment's
notice.'" Captain Memory chuckled.
     "I don't like these TV programs," grumbled Ernie.
     "Well, you know," said Captain Memory conversationally. "If
you're going to travel to other Realities, you're not always going
to be able to get your favorite TV shows."
     "I want to go home," Ernie sulked. Suddenly a thought occurred
to him. He brightened. "Hey, this is really just a game, right?"
     Sterno glared at him. "This `game' business is getting really
old. Knock it off, okay?"
     Ernie had begun methodically feeling the furniture. He
reasoned that if it were a Virtual Reality illusion, he would be
able to see it, but since it had no substance, he wouldn't be able
to feel it. If my hand goes right through this stuff, he figured,
I'll know it's just an illusion. Unfortunately, everything was
proving to be distressingly solid.
     "You know, you look really stupid in that fur loincloth,"
Sterno commented. "And what in the world are you going to do with
that ridiculous plastic broadsword?"
     "Well, I hadda put a deposit on it," said Ernie defensively.
"If I don't bring it back I lose 40 bucks." 
     Sterno shook his head. He turned to Captain Memory. "Do we
really have to drag this kid around with us?"
     Captain Memory shook his head sadly. "I'm afraid so."
     "Why?" Sterno demanded.
     "Well, you know", the Captain said off-handedly. "We can't
just leave him to be a Cyberslave. It wouldn't be, you know, nice."
     A thought occurred to Ernie. "So, what are we supposed to do
about all of this, anyway?"
     "Hmm?" Captain Memory, still perusing the TV Guide, was not
paying very much attention.
     "Like, are we just going to keep bopping around Cyberspace or
what? I mean, do you have a Plan, or something?"
     Captain Memory pulled himself up. "Of course I have a Plan!"
He turned to Sterno. "See? I have Powers, and I have a Plan!"
     "Okay, okay," Sterno agreed wearily. "You're a fine super
hero! So, what's the plan?"
     "We have to find a way to terminate this reality within the
confines of it's own logic," the Captain explained.
     "Huh?" Ernie didn't follow this.
     "We have to end the game," the Captain rephrased. "We have to
carry it through to it's logical conclusion, so that it terminates,
and shuts down."
     Ernie frowned. "What's the point of this game, anyway?"
     "That's a problem," the Captain admitted. "This isn't a game.
It's dozens, maybe hundreds of games, all stuck together in no
order. The "point" of what we're in now could be the point of any
of the games, or all of them, or none of them. There's no way to
tell. Luckily, we don't have to win the game, we just have to end
it. Any ending that's logically consistent will do."
     Sterno frowned. "Why do you have to end it within it's own
logic system? Couldn't you just crash it?"
     Captain Memory sighed. "I could crash the system, but it
wouldn't be a good idea!"
     "Why not?" Sterno demanded. "Why can't you just insert some
totally impossible instruction and crash out the whole system? Then
this whole thing would be over and we could get out of here!"
     "That's true," the Captain admitted. "but you'd get some bad,
um, side effects."
     "Like what?" Sterno wanted to know.
     "You see,"  Captain Memory explained. "After you've been in
Cyberspace for a while, you brain gets synchronized with it, and
your system becomes adapted to it. If it suddenly crashes, it
causes a tremendous shock to your system."
     "What, you mean we're going through all this just to avoid an
upset stomach or something?" Sterno asked sarcastically. "After
all, how bad could it be?"
     "Well, um," the Captain looked very uncomfortable. "It's not
just an upset stomach...."
     "Okay," Sterno demanded. "Then what DOES it cause?"
     "Um, generally, cardiac arrest," the Captain answered
reluctantly.
     Sterno was shocked. "You mean, if you crash the system it'll
KILL us?"
     "Afraid so," the Captain nodded sadly. "Along with anybody
else who's hooked into the system at the time."
     Ernie began to worry. "What about ending the game, then? Won't
that kill us, too? Does that mean we're trapped here forever!?" He
began to panic.
     "No, no, calm down," said the Captain reassuringly. "if we end
the game within the confines of it's own logic, it'll shut down in
an orderly manner, giving your systems time to readjust before
you're returned to reality.It won't be a shock to your systems, and
your hearts won't stop. It's only if it suddenly, abruptly, stops,
like when the system crashes, that..."
     "Okay, okay, we get the picture," Sterno broke it. "Don't
crash the system!"
     "Okay." Captain Memory returned to the TV Guide.
     Ernie sighed. It was bad enough being trapped in a computer
game. Now his life was in danger as well. And his only hope seems
to be this costumed clown who thinks he's a super hero. Wasn't this
ever going to stop getting worse?
     Suddenly, Captain Memory started. "Oh NO," he wailed. "Not
THAT!"
     "What happened? What happened?!" cried Ernie, panic-stricken.
What could possibly have happened that was worse than the
predicament they were already in?
     Captain Memory was still holding the TV Guide. "We missed
Gilligan's Island!"
     Ernie cradled his head in his hands. "I can't stand it. I just
can't stand it."
                         Chapter 2
     Ernie was beginning to feel a little bit better. After all,
nothing really weird had happened for about, oh, twenty minutes or
so. Things were, relatively speaking, pretty quiet.
     Ernie examined his surroundings. "What is this place?"
     "It's a spaceship," said Captain Memory conversationally.
     Ernie was skeptical. "It doesn't LOOK like a spaceship."
     Sterno sniffed. "They don't have to always be those ghastly
chrome-and-glass space things. Utterly tasteless. This place,"
Sterno looked about approvingly. "Is actually not bad."
     Ernie was unconvinced. "It's not moving."
