"Well, you see," was the answer, "these Mosquitoes have had
their fill; if you drive these away, others will come with fresh
appetite and bleed me to death."
  The Fox Without a Tail
It happened that a Fox caught its tail in a trap, and in
struggling to release himself lost all of it but the stump.  At
first he was ashamed to show himself among his fellow foxes.  But
at last he determined to put a bolder face upon his misfortune,
and summoned all the foxes to a general meeting to consider a
proposal which he had to place before them.  When they had
assembled together the Fox proposed that they should all do away
with their tails.  He pointed out how inconvenient a tail was when
they were pursued by their enemies, the dogs; how much it was in
the way when they desired to sit down and hold a friendly
conversation with one another.  He failed to see any advantage in
carrying about such a useless encumbrance.  "That is all very
well," said one of the older foxes; "but I do not think you would
have recommended us to dispense with our chief ornament if you had
not happened to lose it yourself."
Distrust interested advice.
  The One-Eyed Doe
A Doe had had the misfortune to lose one of her eyes, and
could not see any one approaching her on that side.  So to avoid
any danger she always used to feed on a high cliff near the sea,
with her sound eye looking towards the land.  By this means she
could see whenever the hunters approached her on land, and often
escaped by this means.  But the hunters found out that she was
blind of one eye, and hiring a boat rowed under the cliff where
she used to feed and shot her from the sea.  "Ah," cried she with
her dying voice,
"You cannot escape your fate."
  Belling the Cat
Long ago, the mice had a general council to consider what
measures they could take to outwit their common enemy, the Cat.
Some said this, and some said that; but at last a young mouse got
up and said he had a proposal to make, which he thought would meet
the case.  "You will all agree," said he, "that our chief danger
consists in the sly and treacherous manner in which the enemy
approaches us.  Now, if we could receive some signal of her
approach, we could easily escape from her.  I venture, therefore,
to propose that a small bell be procured, and attached by a ribbon
round the neck of the Cat.  By this means we should always know
when she was about, and could easily retire while she was in the
neighbourhood."
This proposal met with general applause, until an old mouse
got up and said: "That is all very well, but who is to bell the
Cat?"  The mice looked at one another and nobody spoke.  Then the
old mouse said:
"It is easy to propose impossible remedies."
  The Hare and the Tortoise
The Hare was once boasting of his speed before the other
animals.  "I have never yet been beaten," said he, "when I put
forth my full speed.  I challenge any one here to race with me."
The Tortoise said quietly, "I accept your challenge."
"That is a good joke," said the Hare; "I could dance round you
all the way."
"Keep your boasting till you've beaten," answered the
Tortoise.  "Shall we race?"
So a course was fixed and a start was made.  The Hare darted
almost out of sight at once, but soon stopped and, to show his
contempt for the Tortoise, lay down to have a nap.  The Tortoise
plodded on and plodded on, and when the Hare awoke from his nap,
he saw the Tortoise just near the winning-post and could not run
up in time to save the race.  Then said the Tortoise:
"Plodding wins the race."
  The Old Man and Death
An old labourer, bent double with age and toil, was gathering
sticks in a forest.  At last he grew so tired and hopeless that he
threw down the bundle of sticks, and cried out: "I cannot bear
this life any longer.  Ah, I wish Death would only come and take
me!"
As he spoke, Death, a grisly skeleton, appeared and said to
him: "What wouldst thou, Mortal?  I heard thee call me."
"Please, sir," replied the woodcutter, "would you kindly help
me to lift this faggot of sticks on to my shoulder?"
We would often be sorry if our wishes were gratified.
  The Hare With Many Friends
A Hare was very popular with the other beasts who all claimed
to be her friends.  But one day she heard the hounds approaching
and hoped to escape them by the aid of her many Friends.  So, she
went to the horse, and asked him to carry her away from the hounds
on his back.  But he declined, stating that he had important work
to do for his master.  "He felt sure," he said, "that all her
other friends would come to her assistance."  She then applied to
the bull, and hoped that he would repel the hounds with his horns.
The bull replied: "I am very sorry, but I have an appointment with
a lady; but I feel sure that our friend the goat will do what you
want."  The goat, however, feared that his back might do her some
harm if he took her upon it.  The ram, he felt sure, was the
proper friend to apply to.  So she went to the ram and told him
the case.  The ram replied: "Another time, my dear friend.  I do
not like to interfere on the present occasion, as hounds have been
known to eat sheep as well as hares."  The Hare then applied, as a
last hope, to the calf, who regretted that he was unable to help
her, as he did not like to take the responsibility upon himself,
as so many older persons than himself had declined the task.  By
this time the hounds were quite near, and the Hare took to her
heels and luckily escaped.
He that has many friends, has no friends.
  The Lion in Love
A Lion once fell in love with a beautiful maiden and proposed
marriage to her parents.  The old people did not know what to say.
They did not like to give their daughter to the Lion, yet they did
not wish to enrage the King of Beasts.  At last the father said:
"We feel highly honoured by your Majesty's proposal, but you see
our daughter is a tender young thing, and we fear that in the
vehemence of your affection you might possibly do her some injury.
Might I venture to suggest that your Majesty should have your
claws removed, and your teeth extracted, then we would gladly
consider your proposal again."  The Lion was so much in love that
he had his claws trimmed and his big teeth taken out.  But when he
came again to the parents of the young girl they simply laughed in
his face, and bade him do his worst.
Love can tame the wildest.
  The Bundle of Sticks
An old man on the point of death summoned his sons around him
to give them some parting advice.  He ordered his servants to
bring in a faggot of sticks, and said to his eldest son: "Break
it."  The son strained and strained, but with all his efforts was
unable to break the Bundle.  The other sons also tried, but none
of them was successful.  "Untie the faggots," said the father,
"and each of you take a stick."  When they had done so, he called
out to them: "Now, break," and each stick was easily broken.  "You
see my meaning," said their father.
Union gives strength.
  The Lion, the Fox, and the Beasts
The Lion once gave out that he was sick unto death and
summoned the animals to come and hear his last Will and Testament.
So the Goat came to the Lion's cave, and stopped there listening
for a long time.  Then a Sheep went in, and before she came out a
Calf came up to receive the last wishes of the Lord of the Beasts.
But soon the Lion seemed to recover, and came to the mouth of his
cave, and saw the Fox, who had been waiting outside for some time.
"Why do you not come to pay your respects to me?" said the Lion to
the Fox.
"I beg your Majesty's pardon," said the Fox, "but I noticed
the track of the animals that have already come to you; and while
I see many hoof-marks going in, I see none coming out.  Till the
animals that have entered your cave come out again I prefer to
remain in the open air."
It is easier to get into the enemy's toils than out again.
  The Ass's Brains
The Lion and the Fox went hunting together.  The Lion, on the
advice of the Fox, sent a message to the Ass, proposing to make an
alliance between their two families.  The Ass came to the place of
meeting, overjoyed at the prospect of a royal alliance.  But when
he came there the Lion simply pounced on the Ass, and said to the
Fox: "Here is our dinner for to-day.  Watch you here while I go
and have a nap.  Woe betide you if you touch my prey."  The Lion
went away and the Fox waited; but finding that his master did not
return, ventured to take out the brains of the Ass and ate them
up.  When the Lion came back he soon noticed the absence of the
brains, and asked the Fox in a terrible voice: "What have you done
with the brains?"
"Brains, your Majesty! it had none, or it would never have
fallen into your trap."
Wit has always an answer ready.
  The Eagle and the Arrow
An Eagle was soaring through the air when suddenly it heard
the whizz of an Arrow, and felt itself wounded to death.  Slowly
it fluttered down to the earth, with its life-blood pouring out of
it.  Looking down upon the Arrow with which it had been pierced,
it found that the shaft of the Arrow had been feathered with one
of its own plumes.  "Alas!" it cried, as it died,
"We often give our enemies the means for our own destruction."
  The Milkmaid and Her Pail
Patty the Milkmaid was going to market carrying her milk in a
Pail on her head.  As she went along she began calculating what
she would do with the money she would get for the milk.  "I'll buy
some fowls from Farmer Brown," said she, "and they will lay eggs
each morning, which I will sell to the parson's wife.  With the
money that I get from the sale of these eggs I'll buy myself a new
dimity frock and a chip hat; and when I go to market, won't all
the young men come up and speak to me!  Polly Shaw will be that
jealous; but I don't care.  I shall just look at her and toss my
head like this.  As she spoke she tossed her head back, the Pail
fell off it, and all the milk was spilt.  So she had to go home
and tell her mother what had occurred.
"Ah, my child," said the mother,
"Do not count your chickens before they are hatched."
  The Cat-Maiden
The gods were once disputing whether it was possible for a
living being to change its nature.  Jupiter said "Yes," but Venus
said "No."  So, to try the question, Jupiter turned a Cat into a
Maiden, and gave her to a young man for a wife.  The wedding was
duly performed and the young couple sat down to the wedding-feast.
"See," said Jupiter, to Venus, "how becomingly she behaves.  Who
could tell that yesterday she was but a Cat?  Surely her nature is
changed?"
"Wait a minute," replied Venus, and let loose a mouse into the
room.  No sooner did the bride see this than she jumped up from
her seat and tried to pounce upon the mouse.  "Ah, you see," said
Venus,
"Nature will out."
  The Horse and the Ass
A Horse and an Ass were travelling together, the Horse
prancing along in its fine trappings, the Ass carrying with
difficulty the heavy weight in its panniers.  "I wish I were you,"
sighed the Ass; "nothing to do and well fed, and all that fine
harness upon you."  Next day, however, there was a great battle,
and the Horse was wounded to death in the final charge of the day.
His friend, the Ass, happened to pass by shortly afterwards and
found him on the point of death.  "I was wrong," said the Ass:
"Better humble security than gilded danger."
  The Trumpeter Taken Prisoner
A Trumpeter during a battle ventured too near the enemy and
was captured by them.  They were about to proceed to put him to
death when he begged them to hear his plea for mercy.  "I do not
fight," said he, "and indeed carry no weapon; I only blow this
trumpet, and surely that cannot harm you; then why should you kill
me?"
"You may not fight yourself," said the others, "but you
encourage and guide your men to the fight."
Words may be deeds.
  The Buffoon and the Countryman
At a country fair there was a Buffoon who made all the people
laugh by imitating the cries of various animals.  He finished off
by squeaking so like a pig that the spectators thought that he had
a porker concealed about him.  But a Countryman who stood by said:
"Call that a pig s squeak!  Nothing like it.  You give me till
tomorrow and I will show you what it's like."  The audience
laughed, but next day, sure enough, the Countryman appeared on the
stage, and putting his head down squealed so hideously that the
spectators hissed and threw stones at him to make him stop.  "You
fools!" he cried, "see what you have been hissing," and held up a
little pig whose ear he had been pinching to make him utter the
squeals.
Men often applaud an imitation and hiss the real thing.
  The Old Woman and the Wine-Jar
You must know that sometimes old women like a glass of wine.
One of this sort once found a Wine-jar lying in the road, and
eagerly went up to it hoping to find it full.  But when she took
it up she found that all the wine had been drunk out of it.  Still
she took a long sniff at the mouth of the Jar.  "Ah," she cried,
"What memories cling 'round the instruments of our pleasure."
  The Fox and the Goat
By an unlucky chance a Fox fell into a deep well from which he
could not get out.  A Goat passed by shortly afterwards, and asked
the Fox what he was doing down there.  "Oh, have you not heard?"
said the Fox; "there is going to be a great drought, so I jumped
down here in order to be sure to have water by me.  Why don't you
come down too?"  The Goat thought well of this advice, and jumped
down into the well.  But the Fox immediately jumped on her back,
and by putting his foot on her long horns managed to jump up to
the edge of the well.  "Good-bye, friend," said the Fox, "remember
next time,
"Never trust the advice of a man in difficulties."
                               AIR CONDITIONING
              My telephone receiver slams down on its cradle.  I'm
          upset. I am soaked to the skin, sweat runs from my brow.
          The air conditioner that I so naively  entrusted to the
          Yellow Pages Repair shop is delayed another two weeks.
              I could have it back tomorrow, I was told, if I happen
          to have a compressor relief control valve sensor assembly,
          part number 3B25189927.4A, in my pocket.  The repairman is
          a funny fellow.
              Very funny.
              "Its a bit stuffy in here," my secretary says, in an
          attempt to explain her entering my office.  This is
          obvious of course as nary a breeze wafts through the
          three-foot square hole in my wall that appeared in
          synchronization with the air conditioner's disappearance.
          She goes to the thermostat, checks the temperature, and
          adjusts its setting for the fourth time this morning.
          Shaking my head in frustration, I again try to decipher
          the overdue report that is now blurred into illegibility
          by my
          sweat.
              An excellent typist, she's the best secretary I've
          ever had.  Completely fulfilling her secretarial duties,
          she otherwise keeps to herself.  Although I am by nature a
          curious man, personal matters between us have never been
          discussed.  However, with the increase in temperature, her
          attire has of late become remarkable as to its increasing
          skimpiness.
              As to the hole in my wall, I have attempted to fill it
          with wadded papers and rags and such.  This has proven
          ineffective, no thanks to the active flocks of nesting
          pigeons in the neighborhood.
              Last spring I reeceived a bill from the local office
          supply.  It was rather badly smeared, but I did notice
          something about furniture.  A bill from the local office
          supply shop recently gave me a clue about my secretary's
          personal life.
              Her more recent change to now quite revealing attire
          confirms my suspicions.
               She obviously spends every non-working hour in
          thorough personal exploration of all things culinary.
               In desperation, I reach for the phone.
\|/                                                                     \|/
 |                                                                       |
                                aisle  six          
                               by morpheous
                              an lom release
 |                                                                       |
/|\                                                                     /|\
-----------------------
        This file was inspired by my experiences at a local supermarket today.
      The names and events have been slightly altered to protect the innocent.
-----------------------
        ABCO - There it was in big, red letters above the store.  I fought past
the polyester_clad hordes and made my way into the market.  Upon entering, the
smell of rotting fruit and decaying meat met my nostrils - my kind of store.  I
pulled out my shopping list from my jeans and proceeded to acquire myself a
nifty cart.  Of course, the one I got had a wheel that wouldn't spin.  I went to
an aisle to get the first item on my shopping list - stuffing.  While perusing
the multitude of Stove Top Stuffing (c) flavors, a tiny waif of a child strolled
up next to me.  I edged away from this odiferous, dribbling mass of flesh and
continued with my stuffing selection.  While reaching for "FINE TURKEY FLAVOR" I
heard a whisper:
        "Psssst!  Bobby!  Get away from there!"
I look at little Bobby, then I turn around.  There was Bobby's yuppie_mother.
She stood their clad in her reeboks and guess jeans (40 and trying to look 14)
with a mixed look of disgust and fear upon her face.  Again, the whisper:
        "NOW BOBBY! NOW! MOVE YOUR ASS!"
        "But mom!"
        She held her breath, then quickly walked over and grabbed Bobby by his
arm and dragged him away.  Noticing her unusual intake of oxygen, I sniffed.
Sure enough, the strong, sweet, smoky odor of bud_ez were floating up from my
jacket.  Oh my.  She probably thought I was going to deal drugs to her child.
I grabbed a can of green beans and exclaimed:
        "Hey, wait!  You forgot something!"
        I threw the can with all my might.  The can sailed lazily through the
air, spinning slowly towards its final destination - the back of Bobby's little
head.  With a pleasant cracking sound, the can went halfway into his head before
stopping.  Bobby's entire body was thrown forward from the impact of the can.
His mother screamed out loud as she looked at him lying on the floor in his
blood and brains.
        "Dude. Boge!  Sorry lady.  I get these spasms some times.  You know,
FROM DRUGS!!! AAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!"
        "YOU BASTARD!!!! MY SOOOOOOOON! MY SOOOOOOON!"
a message from the pa system interrupted her screaming:
        "Herb, clean-up in aisle 6."
        Wondering what an Herb looked like, I decided to stick around.  Sure
enough, there was Herb - along with his 4" thick glasses, pocket protector, and
flare_bottoms.
        "Hi Herb!  Will you be my friend?" I asked him as I mashed the side of
his head in with a box of stove top.  I took his lack of reply as a "no" answer.
Slightly angred, I reached into his pants and ripped his penis off - which I
lobbed at Bobby's still screaming mother.  It landed with a nice <splat> at her
feet, spraying her with blood and matter.  She looked at the severed member on
the floor and a bizarre look came upon her face.  She licked her lips, then
started to remove her sweatshirt.  Yep, she was definitely undressing.  Off came
the sweatshirt, then her shoes, and jeans.  By now, our little aisle had
attracted some attention.  All eyes had left me and focused on the now-nude
mother of Bobby.
        I noticed the moisture beginning to form on the red lips of her shaved
vagina as she sat down on the floor.  She stretched and spread her legs - then
took the limp, bleeding dick in a hand.  With her other hand, she spread her
cunt apart, then slid in the dead dildo.  The eyes of the people watching her
opened in surprise and shock as she began to moan in pleasure as she slid it in
and out of herself.
        Suddenly, several male on-lookers took their pants off and lunged for
the wench upon the ground.  Bored, I paid for my box of stuffing (half-price
because of the blood and dents in it) and left.  As the automatic door slid open
and I walked out, I could hear Bobby's mother exclaim:
        "Oh yes!  Use the watermelon! Use the watermelon!"
\\\     
 \\\               (c) January 10th, 1989  6:06 pm  All rights stuffed  
  \\\
   \\\
    \\\
     \\\      reIGn In bloOd UndER a laCERaTed sKY; Now I SHalL ReigN in BLOOd 
 \\\\\\\\\\\\\ 
       \\\
        \\\
Aladdin and the Wonderful Lamp
There once lived a poor tailor, who had a son called Aladdin,
a careless, idle boy who would do nothing but play all day long in
the streets with little idle boys like himself.  This so grieved the
father that he died; yet, in spite of his mother's tears and prayers,
Aladdin did not mend his ways.  One day, when he was playing in the
streets as usual, a stranger asked him his age, and if he was not
the son of Mustapha the tailor.  "I am, sir," replied Aladdin;
"but he died a long while ago."  On this the stranger, who was
a famous African magician, fell on his neck and kissed him saying:
"I am your uncle, and knew you from your likeness to my brother.
Go to your mother and tell her I am coming."  Aladdin ran home
and told his mother of his newly found uncle.  "Indeed, child," she
said, "your father had a brother, but I always thought he was dead."
However, she prepared supper, and bade Aladdin seek his uncle,
who came laden with wine and fruit.  He fell down and kissed the
place where Mustapha used to sit, bidding Aladdin's mother not to
be surprised at not having seen him before, as he had been forty
years out of the country.  He then turned to Aladdin, and asked
him his trade, at which the boy hung his head, while his mother
burst into tears.  On learning that Aladdin was idle and would
learn no trade, he offered to take a shop for him and stock it with
merchandise.  Next day he bought Aladdin a fine suit of clothes and
took him all over the city, showing him the sights, and brought him home
at nightfall to his mother, who was overjoyed to see her son so fine.
Next day the magician led Aladdin into some beautiful gardens a
long way outside the city gates.  They sat down by a fountain and
the magician pulled a cake from his girdle, which he divided
between them.  Then they journeyed onwards till they almost reached
the mountains.  Aladdin was so tired that he begged to go back,
but the magician beguiled him with pleasant stories and lead him
on in spite of himself.  At last they came to two mountains
divided by a narrow valley.  "We will go no farther," said
his uncle.  "I will show you something wonderful; only do you
gather up sticks while I kindle a fire."  When it was lit the
magician threw on it a powder he had about him, at the same time
saying some magical words.  The earth trembled a little in front
of them, disclosing a square flat stone with a brass ring in the
middle to raise it by.  Aladdin tried to run away, but the
magician caught him and gave him a blow that knocked him down.
"What have I done, uncle?" he said piteously; whereupon the
magician said more kindly:  "Fear nothing, but obey me.  Beneath
this stone lies a treasure which is to be yours, and no one else
may touch it, so you must do exactly as I tell you."  At the word
treasure Aladdin forgot his fears, and grasped the ring as he was
told, saying the names of his father and grandfather.  The stone
came up quite easily, and some steps appeared.  "Go down," said
the magician; "at the foot of those steps you will find an open
door leading into three large halls.  Tuck up your gown and go
through them without touching anything, or you will die instantly.
These halls lead into a garden of fine fruit trees.  Walk on till
you come to niche in a terrace where stands a lighted lamp.  Pour
out the oil it contains, and bring it me."  He drew a ring from
his finger and gave it to Aladdin, bidding him prosper.
Aladdin found everything as the magician had said, gathered some
fruit off the trees, and, having got the lamp, arrived at the
mouth of the cave.  The magician cried out in a great hurry:
"Make haste and give me the lamp."  This Aladdin refused to do until
he was out of the cave.  The magician flew into a terrible passion,
and throwing some more powder on to the fire, he said something,
and the stone rolled back into its place.
The man left the country, which plainly showed that he was no
uncle of Aladdin's but a cunning magician, who had read in his
magic books of a wonderful lamp, which would make him the most
powerful man in the world.  Though he alone knew where to find it,
he could only receive it from the hand of another.  He had picked
out the foolish Aladdin for this purpose, intending to get the
lamp and kill him afterwards.
For two days Aladdin remained in the dark, crying and lamenting.
At last he clasped his hands in prayer, and in so doing rubbed
the ring, which the magician had forgotten to take from him.
Immediately an enormous and frightful genie rose out of the earth,
saying:  "What wouldst thou with me?  I am the Slave of the Ring,
and will obey thee in all things."  Aladdin fearlessly replied,
"Deliver me from this place!" whereupon the earth opened, and he
found himself outside.  As soon as his eyes could bear the light
he went home, but fainted on the threshold.  When he came to
himself he told his mother what had passed, and showed her the
lamp and the fruits he had gathered in the garden, which were in
reality precious stones.  He then asked for some food.  "Alas!
child," she said, "I have nothing in the house, but I have spun a
little cotton and will go sell it."  Aladdin bade her keep her
cotton, for he would sell the lamp instead.  As it was very dirty,
she began to rub it, that it might fetch a higher price.
Instantly a hideous genie appeared, and asked what she would have.
She fainted away, but Aladdin, snatching the lamp, said boldly:
"Fetch me something to eat!"  The genie returned with a silver
bowl, twelve silver plates containing rich meats, two silver cups,
and two bottles of wine.  Aladdin's mother, when she came to herself,
said:  "Whence comes this splendid feast?"  "Ask not, but eat,"
replied Aladdin.  So they sat at breakfast till it was dinner-time,
and Aladdin told his mother about the lamp.  She begged him to sell it,
and have nothing to do with devils.  "No," said Aladdin, "since chance
hath made us aware of its virtues, we will use it, and the ring likewise,
which I shall always wear on my finger."  When they had eaten all the
genie had brought, Aladdin sold one of the silver plates, and so on
until none were left.  He then had recourse to the genie, who gave him
another set of plates, and thus they lived many years.
One day Aladdin heard an order from the Sultan proclaimed that
everyone was to stay at home and close his shutters while the
Princess his daughter went to and from the bath.  Aladdin was
seized by a desire to see her face, which was very difficult,
as she always went veiled.  He hid himself behind the door of
the bath, and peeped through a chink.  The Princess lifted her veil
as she went in, and looked so beautiful that Aladdin fell in love
with her at first sight.  He went home so changed that his mother
was frightened.  He told her he loved the Princess so deeply he
could not live without her, and meant to ask her in marriage of
her father.  His mother, on hearing this, burst out laughing, but
Aladdin at last prevailed upon her to go before the Sultan and
carry his request.  She fetched a napkin and laid in it the magic
fruits from the enchanted garden, which sparkled and shone like
the most beautiful jewels.  She took these with her to please the
Sultan, and set out, trusting in the lamp.  The Grand Vizier and
the lords of council had just gone in as she entered the hall and
placed herself in front of the Sultan.  He, however, took no
notice of her.  She went every day for a week, and stood in the
same place.  When the council broke up on the sixth day the Sultan
said to his Vizier:  "I see a certain woman in the audience-chamber
every day carrying something in a napkin.  Call her next time,
that I may find out what she wants."  Next day, at a sign from
the vizier, she went up to the foot of the throne and remained
kneeling until the Sultan said to her:  "Rise, good woman, and
tell me what you want."  She hesitated, so the Sultan sent away
all but the Vizier, and bade her speak freely, promising to
forgive her beforehand for anything she might say.  She then told
him of her son's violent love for the Princess.  "I prayed him to
forget her," she said, "but in vain; he threatened to do some
desperate deed if I refused to go and ask your Majesty for the
hand of the Princess.  Now I pray you to forgive not me alone,
but my son Aladdin."  The Sultan asked her kindly what she had in
the napkin, whereupon she unfolded the jewels and presented them.
He was thunderstruck, and turning to the vizier, said:  "What
sayest thou?  Ought I not to bestow the Princess on one who
values her at such a price?"  The Vizier, who wanted her for his
own son, begged the Sultan to withhold her for three months, in
the course of which he hoped his son could contrive to make him a
richer present.  The Sultan granted this, and told Aladdin's
mother that, though he consented to the marriage, she must not
appear before him again for three months.
Aladdin waited patiently for nearly three months, but after two
had elapsed, his mother, going into the city to buy oil, found
everyone rejoicing, and asked what was going on.  "Do you not
know," was the answer, "that the son of the Grand Vizier is to
marry the Sultan's daughter tonight?"  Breathless she ran and told
Aladdin, who was overwhelmed at first, but presently bethought
him of the lamp.  He rubbed it and the genie appeared, saying:
"What is thy will?"  Aladdin replied:  "The Sultan, as thou knowest,
has broken his promise to me, and the vizier's son is to have
the Princess.  My command is that to-night you bring hither
the bride and bridegroom."  "Master, I obey," said the genie.
Aladdin then went to his chamber, where, sure enough, at
midnight the genie transported the bed containing the vizier's
son and the Princess.  "Take this new-married man," he said, "and
put him outside in the cold, and return at daybreak."  Whereupon
the genie took the vizier's son out of bed, leaving Aladdin with
the Princess.  "Fear nothing," Aladdin said to her; "you are my
wife, promised to me by your unjust father, and no harm will come
to you."  The Princess was too frightened to speak, and passed
the most miserable night of her life, while Aladdin lay down
beside her and slept soundly.  At the appointed hour the genie
fetched in the shivering bridegroom, laid him in his place,
and transported the bed back to the palace.
Presently the Sultan came to wish his daughter good-morning.
The unhappy Vizier's son jumped up and hid himself, while the
Princess would not say a word and was very sorrowful.  The Sultan
sent her mother to her, who said:  "How comes it, child, that you
will not speak to your father?  What has happened?"  The Princess
sighed deeply, and at last told her mother how, during the night,
the bed had been carried into some strange house, and what had
passed there. Her mother did not believe her in the least,
but bade her rise and consider it an idle dream.
The following night exactly the same thing happened, and next
morning, on the Princess's refusing to speak, the Sultan
threatened to cut off her head.  She then confessed all, bidding
him ask the Vizier's son if it were not so.  The Sultan told the
Vizier to ask his son, who owned the truth, adding that, dearly
as he loved the Princess, he had rather die than go through
another such fearful night, and wished to be separated from her.
His wish was granted, and there was an end of feasting and rejoicing.
When the three months were over, Aladdin sent his mother to
remind the Sultan of his promise.  She stood in the same place as
before, and the Sultan, who had forgotten Aladdin, at once
remembered him, and sent for her.  On seeing her poverty the
Sultan felt less inclined than ever to keep his word, and asked
his Vizier's advice, who counselled him to set so high a value on
the Princess that no man living would come up to it.  The Sultan
than turned to Aladdin's mother, saying:  "Good woman, a sultan
must remember his promises, and I will remember mine, but your
son must first send me forty basins of gold brimful of jewels,
carried by forty black slaves, led by as many white ones,
splendidly dressed.  Tell him that I await his answer."  The
mother of Aladdin bowed low and went home, thinking all was lost.
She gave Aladdin the message adding, "He may wait long enough for
your answer!"  "Not so long, mother, as you think," her son replied.
"I would do a great deal more than that for the Princess."
He summoned the genie, and in a few moments the eighty slaves arrived,
and filled up the small house and garden.  Aladdin made them to set
out to the palace, two by two, followed by his mother.  They were so
richly dressed, with such splendid jewels, that everyone crowded
to see them and the basins of gold they carried on their heads.
They entered the palace, and, after kneeling before the Sultan,
stood in a half-circle round the throne with their arms crossed,
while Aladdin's mother presented them to the Sultan.  He hesitated
no longer, but said:  "Good woman, return and tell your son that I
wait for him with open arms."  She lost no time in telling Aladdin,
bidding him make haste.  But Aladdin first called the genie.
"I want a scented bath," he said, "a richly embroidered habit,
a horse surpassing the Sultan's, and twenty slaves to attend me.
Besides this, six slaves, beautifully dressed, to wait on my mother;
and lastly, ten thousand pieces of gold in ten purses."  No sooner said
then done.  Aladdin mounted his horse and passed through the streets,
the slaves strewing gold as they went.  Those who had played with
him in his childhood knew him not, he had grown so handsome.
When the sultan saw him he came down from his throne, embraced him,
and led him into a hall where a feast was spread, intending
to marry him to the Princess that very day.  But Aladdin refused,
saying, "I must build a palace fit for her," and took his leave.
Once home, he said to the genie:  "Build me a palace of the finest
marble, set with jasper, agate, and other precious stones.  In the
middle you shall build me a large hall with a dome, its four walls
of massy gold and silver, each side having six windows, whose lattices,
all except one which is to be left unfinished, must be set with diamonds
and rubies.  There must be stables and horses and grooms and slaves;
go and see about it!"
The palace was finished the next day, and the genie carried him
there and showed him all his orders faithfully carried out, even
to the laying of a velvet carpet from Aladdin's palace to the Sultan's.
Aladdin's mother then dressed herself carefully, and walked to the
palace with her slaves, while he followed her on horseback.
The Sultan sent musicians with trumpets and cymbals to
meet them, so that the air resounded with music and cheers.
She was taken to the Princess, who saluted her and treated her with
great honour.  At night the princess said good-bye to her father,
and set out on the carpet for Aladdin's palace, with his mother
at her side, and followed by the hundred slaves.  She was charmed
at the sight of Aladdin, who ran to receive her.  "Princess," he
said, "blame your beauty for my boldness if I have displeased you."
She told him that, having seen him, she willingly obeyed
her father in this matter.  After the wedding had taken place,
Aladdin led her into the hall, where a feast was spread, and she
supped with him, after which they danced till midnight.
Next day Aladdin invited the Sultan to see the palace.  On
entering the hall with the four-and-twenty windows with their
rubies, diamonds and emeralds, he cried, "It is a world's wonder!
There is only one thing that surprises me.  Was it by accident
that one window was left unfinished?"  "No, sir, by design,"
returned Aladdin.  "I wished your Majesty to have the glory of
finishing this palace."  The Sultan was pleased, and sent for the
best jewelers in the city.  He showed them the unfinished window,
and bade them fit it up like the others.  "Sir," replied their
spokesman, "we cannot find jewels enough."  The Sultan had his own
fetched, which they soon used, but to no purpose, for in a month's
time the work was not half done.  Aladdin knowing that their task
was vain, bade them undo their work and carry the jewels back, and
the genie finished the window at his command.  The Sultan was
surprised to receive his jewels again, and visited Aladdin, who
showed him the window finished.  The Sultan embraced him, the
envious vizier meanwhile hinting that it was the work of enchantment.
Aladdin had won the hearts of the people by his gentle bearing.
He was made captain of the Sultan's armies, and won several
battles for him, but remained as courteous as before, and lived
thus in peace and content for several years.
But far away in Africa the magician remembered Aladdin, and by
his magic arts discovered that Aladdin, instead of perishing
miserably in the cave, had escaped, and had married a princess,
with whom he was living in great honour and wealth.  He knew that
the poor tailor's son could only have accomplished this by means
of the lamp, and travelled night and day till he reached the
capital of China, bent on Aladdin's ruin.  As he passed through
the town he heard people talking everywhere about a marvelous
palace.  "Forgive my ignorance," he asked, "what is the palace you
speak of?"  Have you not heard of Prince Aladdin's palace," was
the reply, "the greatest wonder in the world?  I will direct you
if you have a mind to see it."  The magician thanked him who spoke,
and having seen the palace knew that it had been raised by the Genie
of the Lamp, and became half mad with rage.  He determined to get
hold of the lamp, and again plunge Aladdin into the deepest poverty.
Unluckily, Aladdin had gone a-hunting for eight days, which gave
the magician plenty of time.  He bought a dozen lamps, put them
into a basket, and went to the palace, crying:  "New lamps for old!"
followed by a jeering crowd.  The Princess, sitting in the hall of
four-and-twenty windows, sent a slave to find out what the noise
was about, who came back laughing, so that the Princess scolded her.
"Madam," replied the slave, "who can help laughing to see an old fool
offering to exchange fine new lamps for old ones?"  Another slave,
hearing this, said, "There is an old one on the cornice there which
he can have."  Now this was the magic lamp, which Aladdin had left there,
as he could not take it out hunting with him.  The Princess, not knowing
its value, laughingly bade the slave take it and make the exchange.
She went and said to the magician:  "Give me a new lamp for this."
He snatched it and bade the slave take her choice, amid the jeers
of the crowd.  Little he cared, but left off crying his lamps,
and went out of the city gates to a lonely place, where he remained till
nightfall, when he pulled out the lamp and rubbed it.  The genie
appeared, and at the magician's command carried him, together with
the palace and the Princess in it, to a lonely place in Africa.
Next morning the Sultan looked out of the window towards Aladdin's
palace and rubbed his eyes, for it was gone.  He sent for the
Vizier and asked what had become of the palace.  The Vizier looked
out too, and was lost in astonishment.  He again put it down to
enchantment, and this time the Sultan believed him, and sent
thirty men on horseback to fetch Aladdin back in chains.  They met
him riding home, bound him, and forced him to go with them on foot.
The people, however, who loved him, followed, armed, to see
that he came to no harm.  He was carried before the Sultan, who
ordered the executioner to cut off his head.  The executioner made
Aladdin kneel down, bandaged his eyes, and raised his scimitar to
strike.  At that instant the Vizier, who saw that the crowd had
forced their way into the courtyard and were scaling the walls
to rescue Aladdin, called to the executioner to stay his hand.
The people, indeed, looked so threatening that the Sultan gave
way and ordered Aladdin to be unbound, and pardoned him in the
sight of the crowd.  Aladdin now begged to know what he had done.
"False wretch!" said the Sultan, "come hither," and showed him from
the window the place where his palace had stood.  Aladdin was so
amazed he could not say a word.  "Where is your palace and my
daughter?" demanded the Sultan.  "For the first I am not so deeply
concerned, but my daughter I must have, and you must find her or
lose your head."  Aladdin begged for forty days in which to find
her, promising if he failed to return at suffer death at the
Sultan's pleasure.  His prayer was granted, and he went forth
sadly from the Sultan's presence.
For three days he wandered about like a madman, asking everyone
what had become of his palace, but they only laughed and pitied him.
He came to the banks of a river, and knelt down to say his prayers
before throwing himself in.  In doing so he rubbed the ring he
still wore.  The genie he had seen in the cave appeared, and
asked his will.  "Save my life, genie," said Aladdin, "and bring
my palace back."  That is not in my power," said the genie;
"I am only the Slave of the Ring; you must ask him of the lamp."
"Even so," said Aladdin, "but thou canst take me to the palace,
and set me down under my dear wife's window."  He at once found
himself in Africa, under the window of the Princess, and fell
asleep out of sheer weariness.
He was awakened by the singing of the birds, and his heart was lighter.
He saw plainly that all his misfortunes were owning to the loss of the lamp,
and vainly wondered who had robbed him of it.
That morning the Princess rose earlier than she had done since
she had been carried into Africa by the magician, whose company
she was forced to endure once a day.  She, however, treated him
so harshly that he dared not live there altogether.  As she
was dressing, one of her women looked out and saw Aladdin.
The Princess ran and opened the window, and at the noise she made,
Aladdin looked up.  She called to him to come to her, and great
was the joy of these lovers at seeing each other again.  After he
had kissed her Aladdin said:  "I beg of you, Princess, in God's
name, before we speak of anything else, for your own sake and
mine, tell me what has become of an old lamp I left on the cornice
in the hall of four-and-twenty windows when I went a-hunting."
"Alas," she said, "I am the innocent cause of our sorrows," and
told him of the exchange of the lamp.  "Now I know," cried
Aladdin, "that we have to thank the African magician for this!
Where is the lamp?"  "He carries it about with him," said the
Princess.  "I know, for he pulled it out of his breast to show me.
He wishes me to break my faith with you and marry him, saying that
you were beheaded by my father's command.  He is forever speaking
ill of you, but I only reply by my tears.  If I persist, I doubt
not but he will use violence."  Aladdin comforted her, and left
her for a while.  He changed clothes with the first person he met
in the town, and having bought a certain powder returned to the
Princess, who let him in by a little side door.  "Put on your
most beautiful dress," he said to her, "and receive the magician
with smiles, leading him to believe that you have forgotten me.
Invite him to sup with you, and say you wish to taste the wine of
his country.  He will go for some, and while he is gone I will tell
you what to do."  She listened carefully to Aladdin and when he
left her, arrayed herself gaily for the first time since she left
China.  She put on a girdle and head-dress of diamonds and seeing
in a glass that she was more beautiful than ever, received the
magician, saying, to his great amazement:  "I have made up my mind
that Aladdin is dead, and that all my tears will not bring him
back to me, so I am resolved to mourn no more, and have therefore
invited you to sup with me; but I am tired of the wines of China,
and would fain taste those of Africa."  The magician flew to his
cellar, and the Princess put the powder Aladdin had given her in
her cup.  When he returned she asked him to drink her health in
the wine of Africa, handing him her cup in exchange for his, as a
sign she was reconciled to him.  Before drinking the magician made
her a speech in praise of her beauty, but the Princess cut him
short, saying:  "Let us drink first, and you shall say what you
will afterwards."  She set her cup to her lips and kept it there,
while the magician drained his to the dregs and fell back lifeless.
The Princess then opened the door to Aladdin, and flung her arms
around his neck; but Aladdin went to the dead magician, took the
lamp out of his vest, and bade the genie carry the palace and all
in it back to China.  This was done, and the Princess in her chamber
felt only two little shocks, and little thought she was home again.
The Sultan, who was sitting in his closet, mourning for his lost
daughter, happened too look up, and rubbed his eyes, for there
stood the palace as before!  He hastened thither, and Aladdin
received him in the hall of the four-and-twenty windows, with the
Princess at his side.  Aladdin told him what had happened, and
showed him the dead body of the magician, that he might believe.
A ten days' feast was proclaimed, and it seemed as if Aladdin might
now live the rest of his life in peace; but it was not meant to be.
The African magician had a younger brother, who was, if possible,
more wicked and more cunning than himself.  He travelled to China
to avenge his brother's death, and went to visit a pious woman
called Fatima, thinking she might be of use to him.  He entered
her cell and clapped a dagger to her breast, telling her to rise
and do his bidding on pain of death.  He changed clothes with her,
coloured his face like hers, put on her veil, and murdered her,
that she might tell no tales.  Then he went towards the palace of
Aladdin, and all the people, thinking he was the holy woman,
gathered round him, kissing his hands and begging his blessing.
When he got to the palace there was such a noise going on round
him that the Princess bade her slave look out the window and ask
what was the matter.  The slave said it was the holy woman, curing
people by her touch of their ailments, whereupon the Princess,
who had long desired to see Fatima, sent for her.  On coming to
the Princess the magician offered up a prayer for her health and
prosperity.  When he had done the Princess made him sit by her,
and begged him to stay with her always.  The false Fatima, who
wished for nothing better, consented, but kept his veil down for
fear of discovery.  The princess showed him the hall, and asked
him what he thought of it.  "It is truly beautiful," said the
false Fatima.  "In my mind it wants but one thing."  And what is
that?" said the Princess.  "If only a roc's egg," replied he,
"were hung up from the middle of this dome, it would be the
wonder of the world."
After this the Princess could think of nothing but the roc's egg,
and when Aladdin returned from hunting he found her in a very ill
humour.  He begged to know what was amiss, and she told him that
all her pleasure in the hall was spoilt or want of a roc's egg
hanging from the dome.  "If that is all," replied Aladdin, "you
shall soon be happy."  He left her and rubbed the lamp, and when
the genie appeared commanded him to bring a roc's egg.  The genie
gave such a loud and terrible shriek that the hall shook.
"Wretch!" he cried, "is it not enough that I have done everything
for you, but you must command me to bring my master and hang him
up in the midst of this dome?  You and your wife and your palace
deserve to be burnt to ashes, but that this request does not come
from you, but from the brother of the African magician, whom you
destroyed.  He is now in your palace disguised as the holy woman,
whom he murdered.  He it was who put that wish into your wife's head.
Take care of yourself, for he means to kill you."  So saying, the
genie disappeared.
Aladdin went back to the Princess, saying his head ached,
and requesting that the holy Fatima should be fetched to
lay her hands on it.  But when the magician came near,
Aladdin, seizing his dagger, pierced him to the heart.
"What have you done?" cried the Princess.  "You have
killed the holy woman!"  "Not so," replied Aladdin,
"but a wicked magician," and told her of how she had
been deceived.
After this Aladdin and his wife lived in peace.
He succeeded the Sultan when he died, and reigned
for many years, leaving behind him a long line of kings.
                    ALI AND THE SULTAN'S SADDLE
   Once upon a time . . . there lived a very powerful Sultan whose kingdom 
stretched to the edges of the desert. One of his subjects was called Ali, a 
man who enjoyed making fun of his ruler. He invented all sorts of tales about 
the Sultan and his Court, and folk would roar with laughter at his jokes. 
Indeed, Ali became so well known, that people pointed him out in the street 
and chuckled. 
   Ali's fun at the Sultan's expense reached the point where the Sultan 
himself heard about it. Angry and insulted, he ordered the guards to bring the
joker before him.
   "I shall punish him for his cheek," said the Sultan eagerly, as he rubbed 
his hands, thinking of the good whipping he was about to administer. 
   But when Ali was brought before him, he bowed so low that his forehead 
scraped the floor. Giving the Sultan no time to open his mouth, Ali said:
   "Sire! Please let me thank you for granting my dearest wish: to look upon 
you in person and tell you how greatly I admire your wisdom and handsome 
figure. I've written a poem about you. May I recite it to you?"
   Overwhelmed by this stream of words and delighted at Ali's unexpected 
praise, the Sultan told him to recite his poem. In actual fact, Ali hadn't 
written a single word, so he had to invent it as he went along, and this he 
did, loudly comparing the Sultan's splendour to that of the sun, his strength 
to that of the tempest and his voice to the sound of the wind. Everyone 
applauded and cheered. Now quite charmed, the Sultan forgot why he had called 
Ali before him, and clapped at the end of the poem in his honour.
   "Well done!" he cried. "You're a fine poet and deserve a reward. Choose one
of these saddles as payment for your ability." Ali picked up a donkey's saddle
and, thanking the Sultan, he hurried out of the palace with the saddle on his 
back. When people saw him rush along, they all asked him:
   "Ali, where are you going with that donkey's saddle on your back?"
   "I've just recited a poem in honour of the Sultan, and he's given me one of
his own robes as a reward!"
   And winking Ali pointed to the saddle!
                         AMIN AND THE EGCS
   Once upon a time . . . a peasant called Amin lost all his crops from his 
miserable little plot in a drought. He decided to seek his fortune in another 
village, and off he went on his donkey. On credit, he obtained a dozen 
hard-boiled eggs from a merchant for his journey.
   Seven years later, Amin returned to his village. This time he was riding a 
fine black horse, followed by a servant on a camel laden with gold and silver 
coins. Amin had become a rich man and the news of this soon spread through the
village. Straight away, the merchant who had given him the dozen eggs on 
credit knocked at Amin's door, asking for five hundred silver pieces in 
payment of the old debt. Amin of course refused to pay such a large sum and 
the matter was taken before the judge.
   On the day of the hearing, the merchant appeared in court at the appointed 
time, but of Amin there was no sign. The judge waited impatiently for a 
quarter of an hour, and was on the point of adjourning the hearing, when Amin 
dashed in, out of breath. At once, the merchant said, in defence of his 
demands:
   "I asked Amin for payment of five hundred silver coins, because twelve 
chickens might have hatched from the eggs he bought from me on credit, 
seven years ago. These chickens would have become hens and cockerels; more 
eggs would have been laid, these too would have hatched, and so on. After 
seven years, I might have had a great flock of fowls!"
   "Of course," agreed the judge. "Perfectly right." And turning to Amin with 
a hostile air, he ordered: "What have you to say for yourself? And, by the 
way, why are you late?" Amin did not turn a halr.
   "I had a plate of boiled beans in the house and I planted them in the 
garden to have a good crop next year!"
   "Fool!" exclaimed the judge. "Since when do boiled beans grow?" To which 
Amin promptly retorted:
   "And since when do boiled eggs hatch into chickens?"
   He had won his case.
CLIFF-HANGER
The path climbs before me.
A path strewn with danger.
I have cliffs to the right,
descending sheer to abyss.
I have a wall of rock to the left,
climbing to a distant vanishing point.
You stand at the end of the path, 
on a pointed bluff.  
You stare away from me, 
clad in gossamer. 
A twenties Coca-Cola fantasy. 
I cling to an inch of ledge. 
Me? 
I am Hogarth street-drudge. 
But I must try  for you anyway. 
I crawl and edge my way to you. 
The crumbly rock skitters away beneath my feet. 
I tear fingernails, gasp in pain. 
You do not turn. 
I hear a voice in my head: 
"Will our hero make it? 
Can he reach his dream? 
Or will he fall to his doom? 
Tune in next--" 
NO! 
NOT YET! 
I feel the edge give way as I leap for the heaven of your bluff.
Short. 
Pain star-bursts as ribs crack on a knife point.
I haul myself to safety at your feet.
I lay fish-breathing. 
My eyes travel up your: 
"Well-turned ankle" 
"Long coltish legs" 
"A caboose that inspired the theory of perpetual-motion" 
"A back that angels dream of" 
"Limbs to make a willow weep" 
To your face
Wind plays with your raven hair like some demented hairdresser.  
	But even Wind cannot hide your 
Bright 
Electric 
Blue eyes 
The twins smile. 
You reach 
Open your 
Hand  
To me?
Nah. 
Yeah? 
Yeah! 
A giddy strengh fills me as I stand. 
Under your gaze and hands 
I am no longer a miscarriage from an artist's nightmare. 
I have become a  
David 
Apollo 
Errol  
Stupidly smiling, 
I look over your shoulder. 
I see beyond you, 
no, us.  
A path. 
Sheer drop to the right. 
Wall of rock to the left. 
A sign. 
Hand lettered. 
Arrow pointing. 
"TO PARADISE ??200 mi." 
-MSH 5/30/88 ??)(Theresa. Some day I'll make the leap.)
      GEAR-JAMMER
She ain't no line-puncher, 
She's a gear-jammer.
She handles like a sick whale,
But she holds a hundred plus
Steady as a priest.
No back-street beater,
She's a highway eater.
She's made to cruise,
Built to ROLL.
Eating distance
Land shark.
Sea wolf.
Get her on the road.
Ease her up to fifty.
Mash down on the gas.
Squash your eyeballs into discs.
Got you by the balls.
Ain't gonna let go.
Don't black out now.
Watch the dotted line 
Stitch together,
A solid bar.
Flyin' low  
At one-two-oh.
She's settin' right.
Feel the wheels.
Do they still touch ground?
The needle.
Pegged to the right
You guess it at one-forty-five.
Your ass sizzles.
The hard pavement screams
A mere twelve inches below.
She wants more.
Always more.
Speed.
Momentum.
The big MO.
The engine howls.
The wheels sing.
The highway whispers.
Ahead,
The sky.
A horizon that ceases
To race before you.
Wait.
Pick it.
Choose the moment.
Now. 
Kill the engine.
