Everybody charge everybody," he said and lapsed into deeper laughter.
Hartley rolled more onto his left side, holding his breath to allow
his freshly disturbed innards to settle.  He wished he could take a nap.
He wished the $3.50-a-day television had cable.  He'd have settled for an
orderly with a wheel chair cruising in to tell him he had a date with x-
ray.  Anything that would break up the monotony of the hospital day.  And
shut up Willie.
An attractive brunnette just then breezed into the room carrying a
small plastic case in one hand and a clipboard in the other.  "Mr. McVey?"
she called, and Hartley raised his hand.  The brunnette bounced over.
Hartley didn't miss the appreciative look she got from Willie.  "I'm
Jeannette from physical therapy," she said.  "I've got your Tens here."
"Good, I've been looking forward to this."
"You want to avoid drugs?  People are becoming very responsible
about avoiding drugs."  The shape of her neck made him want to respond to
the approval in her voice, but he just wasn't in the mood for a scam.
"Not really, Jeanette.  I just think that choosing to hurt when you
don't have to means your problems aren't limited to your gall bladder.
I'll take medication, electrocution or a sharp tap behind my left ear if
it will get rid of the pain."
"Oh."  Her disppointment at least skittered like a cirrus cloud
across a bright sun, to be quickly gone.  "You'll find it reduces your
drug dependence anyway."
Hartley appreciated the neverending human proclivity for finessing
feelings through choice of words.
"How's it work?"
"It's really simple," she said, opening the plastic case.  She took
out a cigarette pack sized box with three knobs and a bundle of floppy
rubberized discs dangling from wires.  She plugged the wires' other ends
into the device.  "The Tens send out rapid electical signls.  We think
they blocks pain signals; we're not completely sure.  They may also
stimulate the release of endorphins -- those are the body's own pain-
killing drugs."
"So nature beat Schering-Plough, huh?"
"This goes here..." she went on without responding.  She dripped a
sticky goo from a tube onto his abdomen and firmly pressed down an elec-
trode.  "And this one here..."  again some goo, with this pad being place
on the opposite side of the incision.  "Now, tell me when you feel some-
thing."  She began to turn knobs.
Nothing..twist...nothing...twist...YIPES!
"WHOOPS!!  Sorry.  That's a little too much."
Hartley swallowed and nodded agreement; the muscle between the
electrodes had twitched violently -- and hurt.
"Just how much juice has that thing got?"
"Oh, don't let it's size fool you.  It can deliver a lot bigger
shot than that."
"Great."
"Now, I want you to turn these knobs.  This one controls the in-
tensity, and this one sets the width of the pulse.  Changing that gives
you the feeling of changing the depth of the sensation.  Play.  Go
ahead."
Hartley did and in a short time was beginning to enjoy playing with
the thing.  He settled on a particularly "warm" and "soothing" setting.
"How's that feel?"
"Very pleasant."
"And how's the abdominal pain."
Hartley felt his eyes widen.  The damned thing worked.  The linger-
ing pain that even drugs couldn't abolish was gone.  "It's gone!" he
said.
Jeannette absolutely glowed.  "Sometimes you get used to a setting,
so you may have to adjust it once in a while.  Otherwise, that's it."
Hartley thanked her as she left and went back to playing with his
new toy.  Only then did he notice that Willie had been totally absorbed
by the demonstration to the point he'd not said a word.  "This could be a
very useful thing, Willie."
"Is nothing new.  The Germans once put wires on my balls and
cranked up a field telephone."
"Oh, I'll bet that really got rid of the pain."
"Sure did.  Hurt so damn much I passed out.  Felt nothing."
Then it was Wilie's favorite time of day.  Dinner was beef vegeta-
ble soup, turkey breast and candied sweet potatoes, green beans, bread,
butter, chilled peach halves.  Hartley liked the hospital's food, found
himself in a minority, and attributed that to the other patients' lack of
experience.  Cops and reporters lost their taste buds long before their
livers.
Willie absolutely loved the hospital food and told Hartley that the
cops and reporters should have been in eastern Europe in the early 40's.
Willie often reminisced, and Hartley sometimes became engrossed in the
old man's stories.  He was fascinated mostly, though, with Willie's reac-
tions to the horrors he'd seen -- and to some he'd inflicted.  Willie,
Hartley finally concluded, had been through flames that scarred the
psyche and unlike some men who stop there, destined to wear those scars,
Willie had gone on through flames which had scoured him clean again.
Clean, but changed.  Massive suffering had given Willie rare perspective.
"When you kill a man," Willie had once advised him, the advice
being unsolicited, "you must kill quickly and cleanly.  No matter who he
is.  Even if he is butcher who should burn in hell.  Hate does not belong
with killing.  You kill quick and you kill clean -- not for the man but
because death deserves that dignity."
When Willie said it, Hartley heard "death" with a capital "D."  The only
times Hartley thought he detected tremors in Willie's monologues were when
he talked of food and hunger.  Starvation didn't offer Death the dignity it
deserved in Willie's view.
Which gave food a place of unparalleled honor in Willie's pantheon.
Which also made eating beef soup, etc. in a hospital with Willie a unique
experience for Hartley.  He enjoyed Willie's unabashed delight in every
bite of everything and found himself starting to feel the same way; for
the first time in his life he'd eaten brussels sprouts.  They still
tasted terrible, but somehow that was all right because brussel sprouts
are supposed to taste terrible.  Hartley figured another week with Willie
would forever alter his diet, cause him to kill even flies with quick
clean swipes of the swatter, and probably make his friends consider him
even stranger than they already did.
"Nurse!" one...two...three..."Nurse!" one...two...three..."Nurse!"
Whatever problem Laurie Schroeder had handled just minutes before
had been supplanted by another.
The shouting went on and on.  Hartley felt his own stomach contract
with frustrating anger.  Harris had in record time alienated every
patient and staff member on the floor.
Voices penetrated the walls.  Nurse Schroeder obviously had arrived
again.  Hartley did not envy her her job.
"Some day they're going to poison him to shut him up,"  Hartley
said.  "A fast-acting poison," he hastened to add.
"Silly silly and you a policeman.  Too easy to find."
"Not if the person who did it is the person who decides what to
look for."
"You have good police here, Hartley.  They know to look closest at
people who make decisions.  You know this."  "And how would you do it?  You
can't ice pick him in his ear in a hospital bed either."
"No....Maybe..."
Nurse Schroeder came in.
"Dinner all right?" she asked.
"This is lovely," Willie said.  "Beans very good, turkey too."
Nurse Schroeder looked doubtful and glanced at Hartley.  "He means
that for canned beans these probably were canned better than any other
beans ever and that for dry turkey there is no tastier dry turkey.  That
about right, Willie?"
"Very right.  Same for canned peaches."
"It sounds like this is starting to make sense to you, too," she
said to Hartley.
"Actually, it is.  And I've got to admit, I've had some meals in
the last few days I've enjoyed as much as any ever ate in the Four Sea-
sons."
"Your both crazy."
"I didn't say they were better, Laurie.  By comparison, the food
was terrible.  I said I enjoyed them as much.  There's a difference.
You'd really have to stay with Willie a while to get into the swing of
it."
"Oh, sure," she said, widened her eyes and threw up her hands,
"that's just what I need.  The ability to eat anything and enjoy it.
You're supposed to help me lose weight."
"Good point.  Want to give it another try later?"
"Maybe tomorrow.  Or maybe the next day.  I'll be filling in on the
overnight then.  Does Harris sleep?"  "For at least 20 minutes at a time."
"Lovely."  She turned her head toward Willie.  "We can send you in
then, Willie, and you can give him your lecture on enjoying dry turkey.
He sure could use it.  He threw it at me tonight."
"He t-h-r-e-w?"  Willie seemed to have trouble getting out the
word.  Hartley was certain it was the first time he'd ever seen surprise
on Willie's face.
"Well, one good thing about dry turkey is it doesn't stain."  She
shook her head.  Then she noticed Hartley's wires.  "You've got the Tens!
How is working?"
"I'm pleasantly surprised."
"Why?  Did you figure it like faith healing or crystal mumbo jumbo
or something?"
Hartley studied her face a moment, detected no sarcasm.  She knew
he was a hypnotist; he was thankful now he'd never told her he also sold
crystals.
"Well," he said, "it's just that the pain gets pretty intense, you
know, and it's hard to think this little nine-volt box can tackle it."
"That little nine-volt battery can get boosted to more like 90
volts, and if there was more current, you'd be singing with the angels."
Hartley looked down at the Tens with new respect.  And a little
discomfort.  "This thing dangerous?"
"No.  Not used like that.  Just don't put the electrodes where a
sudden sharp shock might screw up your vitals."
"Like where?"
"Like forget it and just put them where you're told."  Laurie
stretched; she had nice breasts, Hartley thought then immediately dis-
missed the thought.  He'd seen himself in the bathroom mirror that morn-
ing.  Surgery, mandatory washing by hand, dirty hair and flourescent
lights of precisely the right color to make a healthy person look sick
made him wonder how any nurse ever fell for any patient.
"Hartley!"
Willie's voice snapped Hartley to attention.
"Is seven o'clock.  Quick."
"Excuse me,"  Hartley said to Laurie as he began fiddling with the
hospital's aniquated TV remote control.  "There are priorities, and
Jeopardy is having its Teen Tournament."
"Nurse!  Oh, oh, oh God.  Nurse!"
Laurie's face clenched, her eyes closed.  Then she composed herself
and sid, "Time's up.  See you later.  You going to need your pain shot?"
"Not if this keeps working.  At least not right away."
She nodded and left.
"Good woman," Willie said then shut up.  Alex Trabek was introduc-
ing the quarter-finalists.
Sundsvall 940510
Erik Lehman
                                                                                                                              
Panama City, 1936. The bar was small, dark and not very crowded. The mahogany tables were
packed from wall to wall, and a large fan hummed in the ceiling, every tenth second making a terrible, screeching noise. By the table closest to the bar, two men had sat themselves down, faces to the door, backs to the wall. The taller, skinnier one of them was Paddy O'Sheeningan, priest and missionary, recently transferred by the catholic church from Angola after some rather sordid business of becoming too friendly with the quireboys. His shorter, muscular friend was....
-Hold on, stop it! O'Shenningan yelled, his face red with intimidation.
(What? Why are you complaining?)
- Just because you're writing this, that doesn't mean you can do anything you want with us! I don't want to be a child molester!
- He's right, you know. 
(I haven't introduced you yet, how can you be talking?)
- Because I have to I guess. Rock Hardy, former Marine, former PI, world class explorer and,
 last but not least, archeology professor was the man speaking. His thin lips, set in a square face with gray, intense eyes and a broken nose, barely moved as he said :
- I mean, what the hell kind of beginning is this? A cliche setting, two cliche characters and
completely non-original writing!
(Will you shut up and get into character? I'm just about to dump you into the Amazon forest,
running from headhunters, finding lost tribes, digging for treasures....)
- Why? Hasn't it occurred to you that we might wanna be ordinary people? Sitting on a porch, drinking ice-tea, relaxing? O'Shenningan excitedly poured himself another whisky, to calm down.
- I don't like whisky! Change it! I'd rather have some wine, some nice Australian white....
(No I won't! You do as I tell you! Really, guys, don't you know that you wouldn't even be saying these things if I didn't want you to, to amuse myself? You're not even remotely real, you know that?)
Rock Hardy smiled his usual enigmatic smile, relaxing back in his chair, once again flexing his immense verbal talent:
- How do you know that? What we're saying here might just be subconsciously fed to you, via the twilight zone or something? Huh!
(Weren't you supposed to be a professor? What happened to your verbal talent?)
- Maybe it's a sign that I'm right...Maybe we're as real and independent as you...And you're just a conduit for us....A way of stepping from the realm of fantasy and into the real world... We're not imaginary, just otherdimensional...Cracking his knuckles, as he always did when pleased with himself, Hardy looked at his side-kick for support. 
- Golly, Rock, you're making sense there! Sounds reasonable to me!  
(Uh! What do you know!? You're catholic! You'll believe in just about anything an authority figure feeds you, holy ghosts and dead guys walking around with their beds and everything! I've had enough of this..)
The slowly decaying door of the bar suddenly opened up, revealing a short limping figure. Unmistakably of a split Indian/Spanish heritage, the man was clad in a white suit, a white hat and sporting a golden-knobbed cane. His eyes, scanning the bar only once, verified his information. He slowly walked towards the table of our daring duo...
BANG! Rock Hardys gun threw its deadly projectile across the room, entering the strangers head just below the left nostril, removing most of his front teeth, changing direction upwards, splitting the brain along the stem, exiting at an angle 45 degrees different from when entering.
(What the hell?! You killed him! Why'd you do that?)
- You were probably gonna have him sell us some treasure map, or send us off on some expedition to save his daughter from savages or something, right? Thought I'd save us some hassle. 
- But, but, but it's still murder Rock! Couldn't you just have told him off?
- Oh, Mr Omnipotent here would just have made us go along with him, no matter what. As it is, I don't see how he's gonna continue the story...The police should be coming or something...There's really no way for him to 'un-murderize' this guy, so to speak.
(Oh, yeah? Watch this:)
Paddy woke up with a start, nearly falling out of his chair. Turning toward Rock Hardy he sputtered:
- Jesus, Rock, I just had the wildest dream! You killed a guy, a total stranger, just like that, without even...
The slowly decaying door of the bar suddenly opened up, revealing a short limping......
- Stop it! Stop it! 
(OK, OK. What do you want now, then...)
- A dream sequence, a lousy dream sequence? Do you know how totally un-original that is?
- Rock, what's going on? O'Shenningans face was a mask of total bewilderment.
- He's playing with us! Making us look like fools!
- Who?
- You mean you don't know? The writer of course! The guy who's trying to make us go into the jungle!
- Jungle? But that's what we're here for! And look over there, there's our contact, Senor Vasquez.
Sundsvall 940510
- Better not tell him about any 'writers', he just might hire someone else for this...
- What the!? What are you trying to do now, you bastard? Making him totally unaware, making me look crazy.
(Ah, this is going nowhere. I don't feel like writing an adventure story. Look up towards the ceiling.)
- The ceiling? Why on earth would Iwant to...His eyes widening, his throat clenching, Rock Hardy looked up towards his doom...
The 500 pound piano came hurtling down at 200 m.p.h., violently smashing everything in its way, hitting the floor with a crash that resounded across the entire city of Panama.
(So? What do you say know, messieurs Flat and Broken?)
-Groan....
-Moan.....
(Gotcha!)
The End
(At last....)       
                               THE PARROT SHAH
   Once upon a time . . . hundreds of years ago, there lived a brave young 
Shah. His counsellor was a very old wise Minister called Saleb. 
   Like all his subjects, the Shah worshipped the God of Reason. Every day, he
went to the temple he had built close to the palace. In response to the 
prayers, the God gave the Shah good advice on the difficult art of government.
Indeed, the kingdom had never been so well ruled and had become very 
prosperous. One day, at the end of his first visit, the Shah was amazed to 
hear the God's deep voice say: "You no longer need my advice. You are wise 
enough. You can keep on praying to me, but this is the last time you will 
speak to me. But before I leave you to Fate, I will grant you a wish. Anything
you ask will be given to you."
   On his knees before the statue, the Shah thought for a long time before 
replying. Then he said: "Oh, God who rules over us all, thank you for all you 
have done for me and my people. Give me the power to transfer my soul into the
body of another man or animal, whenever I want. And let my own body remain 
intact till I enter it again."
   "It shall be so," said the God. "Now listen carefully . . ." Back at the 
palace, the Shah quickly called the Chief Minister.
   "Would you believe it, Saleb! In his infinite goodness, the God has given 
me his trust and a great power . . ." and he told his counsellor all about it.
The old man, however, had great doubts about the wisdom of this, but he hid 
his feelings.
   "This strange incredible thing could change my master's whole life and 
destiny," the old man told himself. "I must do my best to make sure he doesn't
alter his ways and makes no dangerous changes. What he needs is a wife and 
family to keep him from making risky decisions. It only takes strange deeds to
ruin good government.
   Far beyond the mountains bordering on the Shah's kingdom lay a great 
fertile plain, the realm of an old king, who had an only daughter named Gala. 
Gala was young and beautiful and so sweet and gentle that her father hated the
thought of letting her get married. The Court, however, was eager to see her a
bride. The king was very possessive and wanted to keep Gala all to himself, 
and with the help of a wizard, he had thought up a plan to discourage her 
suitors. A magic tree was planted in the garden, a huge pomegranate that had 
three fruits. At sunset, the branches bent over to touch the ground and the 
fruit split open. Inside each lay a soft feather bed. Gala, the princess, 
slept in the middle one, with her servants on each side. The fruit closed over
the maidens and the branches swung back to the sky, carrying the princess high
above all danger. Seven walls were built round the garden, each studded with 
thousands of spikes which nobody could ever cross. The king sent out a 
proclamation:
   "Any man wishing to marry my daughter must be noble, rich and handsome. But
he must also succeed in picking the fruit in which the princess sleeps. Yet, 
if he falters in trying to cross the seven circles of spikes, he will be left 
to die." As it so happens, the Shah's Chief Minister decided that the princess
would make a good wife for his master. As time went by, many flne brave 
warriors perished on the spikes guarding the enchanted garden. Saleb, however,
was sure that the special divine powers of the Shah would help him to overcome
any obstacle. So he wanted to persuade the Shah to try and win the princess's 
hand. Every day, Saleb described the trials men had to go through to reach the
king's daughter, and to begin with, the Shah was amused by such stories. Then
he became curious and began to ask questions himself. The clever Minister told
his master of the princess's beauty and all about her brave suitors. In the 
end, the Shah began to fall in love with the girl he had never seen, just by 
hearing so much about her. In no time at all, he began to pore over ways of 
reaching the fruit. And the Chief Minister was delighted to hear of the Shah's
plans.
   Next day, the Shah ordered a large, brightly feathered parrot with a strong
beak to be brought to him. He had decided to use his own magic powers, and he 
said to Saleb:
   "My soul is going to enter this parrot, but my lifeless bodyy wlll return. 
Watch over it day and night till I come back."
   After a long prayer to the God of Reason, the Shah did everything he had 
been told and fell into a deep sleep. His breathing grew fainter and fainter 
till it died away and he lay still on the bed. Watching worriedly, Saleb saw 
that the parrot, which had been sitting quietly on its perch, was now flapping
its wings wildly.
   The parrot quickly reached the mountain. The air was cold and he flapped
heavily upwards  but the highest peak was soon left behind. Far below lay the
turrets of the palace and the glinting of thousands of spikes. Somehow, the 
parrot struggled across tne rows of sharp steel and landed safely beside the 
magic tree.
   The sun was setting when Gala and her two servants stepped into the fruit
for the night. As the pomegranates closed, the calls of the three maidens rang
in the ears of the Parrot Shah, and in the second before they shut, he caught 
a fleeting glimpse of the beautiful princess. Her gleaming dark eyes seemed to
smile at him. Then the branches rose into the air and the fruit shrank back to
their normal size. As they pointed upwards, the parrot sprang into the air 
and, with a blow of his strong beak, ripped the pomegranate containing the 
princess from its branch. Clutching the fruit in his claws, he flew off into 
the night.
   The twinkling stars lit the Parrot Shah's path home. This time it was hard 
to cross the mountain, but the parrot felt neither cold nor fatigue, for he 
could still picture Gala's lovely face. As he gripped the magic pomegranate, 
the parrot knew that it was hindering his flight, and his wings grew weary and
slow. In panic, he felt he was going to drop the fruit, but the thought of 
Gala's eyes filled him with new strength. Suddenly he saw the valley. He was 
over the mountain. Now, he had to find the energy to go on and re-enter his 
own body. And then admire Gala, the bride of his dreams.
   Saleb had been watching at the window, left open day and night, and 
guarding his master's lifeless body. Full of remorse at having coaxed the Shah
into undertaking such a dangerous mission, the poor Minister had never stopped
praying. Suddenly, he leapt to his feet:
   "Thank Heavens!" he cried. "At last! At last! . . " The stars were fading 
and the sun coming up, tinting the clouds with pink, when the parrot appeared.
Gently laying its preclous burden on the bed, the bird went back to its 
perch... and the Shah's body came slowly to life. Saleb threw himself in 
front of his master.
   "Sire!" he gasped. "I've been so afraid. I thought I'd never see you 
again." The magic worked as the sun rose over the horizon and its first rays 
shone through the window. The pomegranate began to grow and grow as it did 
each morning, then it gently opened and out stepped Gala, smiling.
   "Where am I? How did I get here?" she gasped in surprise. The Shah clasped 
her hand and kissed it fleetingly.
   "You're in your future husband's palace!" The Chief Minister clapped his 
hands in delight. The wedding took place the very next day and the couple 
ruled happily ever after.
From that day, all the parrots in the Shah's kingdom were treated with great 
respect. A parrot was even included in the royal coat-of-arms and fluttered 
from the army's banners, while to all the people it was a sacred symbol.
	I'd like to tell you a story.  It happened on a Friday last October,
 when the leaves were turning colors and the air was getting a bit crisp;
 you could feel it deep in your lungs some mornings, like an early warning
 that winter was coming.  I remember it as one of those few days of the
 year when you could dirve around all day with your car window open, but
 you'd find yourself choosing to wear a sweatshirt or at least put on a light
 jacket instead of just the usual summer t-shirt.  It was midafternoon, and
 I had just gotten home from school.  My mom and dad were both at work, and
 my older brother Sean wasn't due home for another five weeks - he'd been off
 at college for two years already.  Not counting the dog, I was the only one
 home.  
	Well, I saw her pawing at the patio door and I let her out to do her
 thing and scamper around in the back, careful not to let her roam too close
 to the Sillman's yard.  They stopped liking her ever since she discovered 
 their tulip garden.  Mr. Sillman came out and was yelling on and on about how
 there should be a law against keeping Rottweilers, but that's another
 story.  Anyway, I was just moping around in the back when the phone rang.
	I got it right after the third ring.  It was Nate.  We'd been friends
 since the ninth grade.  He's an interesting character.  It seems as if he's
 got connections everywhere.  You could go anywhere in the state and ask 
 anyone of any importance, "Do you know Nate Brenner?", and you'd probably
 get a yes reply.  Anyway, he asked me if I wanted to go to a party with him
 that night.
	"Sure," I replied.  "Who's havin' it?"
	"I dunno.  A girl I work with told me about it.  She said it'd be
 pretty good.  You want me to drive?"
	I think I should tell you about where Nate works.  He's got the
 coolest job in the world.  For someone our age, that is.  He's a writer
 at our town paper.  That means he gets great wages for writing about things
 like the new mall's Grand Opening, and maybe take a picture or two.  The
 hours are pretty unstructerd there, and it's much cleaner than working at
 some Burger Hell, like some guys.
	"No, I'll drive."  I had just gotten a new Chevy Type 1O the week
 before, and I felt like showing it off.  Restaraunt work really isn't all
 that bad.
	I pulled into his driveway at about seven-thirty.  I waited about
 three minutes and was just about to go up to the door when he came out.
 "So where to? " I asked.  We stopped at the drug store for beer and he then
 gave me directions as I drove.
	It was in an area a little more south of us, where there were less
 houses and more trees.  Even though our destination was only fifteen minutes
 away, the frequent pickup truck and occasional barn was quite a contrast 
 from the housing developments and neo-Victorian architecture that was so 
 familiar to us.  "We're in hicksville now," Nate joked.  He was fiddling
 with my tape box, playing his favorite selections on the stereo.
	We had stayed on the main road the whole time, and I was wondering
 where to turn off.  "It's right off the road... paper says 8269, so it should
 be coming up on your left," he said.
	We saw an old metal mailbox with the address and pulled into the 
 gravel drive.  There were two huge maples on the right of the lawn, bursting
 with autumn color.  The house was a brick 7O's ranch, and from where we were
 parked you could see through the bay window into the living room.  It was
 papered in some beige print.  I saw a lot of real earthy, light colors, but
 couldn't make anything out.  Well, we got out and walked up to the front door,
 passing about six or seven other cars, including an avocado green Cutlass
 that looked like it was at least fifteen years old.  We didn't have to wait 
 after our knock, someone opened the door for us right away.  It was some 
 girl who looked like about nineteen.  He brown hair was braided and ran down
 just below her shoulders.  I noticed the faded Guess jacket and printed blue
 tank top right away.  "Hi," she drawled out in a long, seductive sort of
 way.  "Hi," Nate replied.  "Uh.. is Cathy here?  She invited us."  "Cathy?
 I don't even know her.  Sorry."  We proceeded in anyway.  I was carrying our
 beer, Coors by choice.  The house was fairly neat and uncluttered inside.
 I saw right away that the living room was purely art deco, including a green
 painting abouve an alcove, and a black ceramic cat on a glass flower stand,
 forever staring into a goldfish bowl.  We passed this girl and her two 
 friends, of whom I can't even recall what they look like, and went into
 the kitchen.  Nate was looking for Cathy and I was voluntarily following.
 There was a stereo on somewhere in the house, for we could hear some good,
 hard music being played.  I recognized it as Def Leppard's "Pyromania" album.
 In the center of the tidy kitchen was a large walnut table, and about six
 people, all a little older than us, were gathered round playing poker.  Full
 and empty beer bottles were scattered all over the place and it looked like
 they were having a good time.  One of the guys was wearing a Boston Mills 
 ski sweatshirt, which I recognized as I had gone skiing there the year
 before.  The two girls that were there, both about twenty or so, looked
 like they had too much to drink: their actions were kinda slow and their
 eyes were sort of red and glazed.  As Nate and I would say, they were
 getting the glazzies.  They didn't seem to notice us, so we strolled down
 a few steps into the family room.
  	The place gave off an indescribable air of comfort.  The soft, brown
 carpeting, dark wood paneling, two big, plushy sofas next to a large
 bookshelf stocked with Reader's Digest and the like, and a large-screen TV
 all contributed to this.  There were two people sitting by the back door 
 talking quietly in the shadows, and we took a place on the sofas to start on
 our beers.
 	There were a few bowls of nuts here and there and as we drank we tried
 throwing them up in the air and catching them in our mouths, frog-style.
 Needless to say, most of the time it failed, and we stopped before the floor
 was TOO littered.  The music was kinda loud, so we turned down the sound on
 the TV and watched MTV to it.  It's really a lot of fun.  After about a half
 hour of this and beer, a short brunette approached us.  She was wearing a
 mauve paisley top and jeans, or something like that.  "Nate!" she exclaimed.
	Nate seemed a bit jostled by this.  "Cathy!  How are you?"
	"Good!  You?"  They exchanged other such niceties before walking off.
 "I'll be back in a while," Nate whispered to me.  I knew they'd be gone for
 some time, talking and whatnot, so I checked out the television situation.
 Changing the music videos, I discovered that a great movie I had been very
 fond of was on.  I turned up the volume to combat the music in the background
 and started anouther beer.
	I had just gotten into this movie when I heard someone coming down
 from the kitchen.  It was the girl we saw at the front door.  She took a seat
 next to me.  "So, how are you?" she asked.  "Alright.  Want a beer?"  "Yes, 
 thanks."  She eagerly took one.  I introduced myself and discovered her name
 as Lisa.  We talked for a bit, and I remember her asking me if I wanted to
 take a walk with her outside.  "Sure, " I eagerly replied.  She seemed like
 a really nice person at the time.  Well as we were getting up, I saw a tall,
 dusty haired guy, about her age, approach her.  "Let's go, honey."
 "Alright," turning to me, she sweetly said, "bye!"  Nice girl, I thought as
 she marched off with him, hand in hand.  He looked like such a jerk!  At
 this point I just wanted to leave.  They were still playing cards as I walked
 through the kitchen.  One of the girls was asleep in some guy's lap, and the
 other one looked like she was about to go out at any time.  The ceramic cat
 in the living room was a lot uglier than when I first saw it, and I was
 getting mad looking for Nate.  Some guy in a faded concert shirt gave me a
 half-drunk beer.  "Thanks," I sarcastically muttered as he walked by.  I
 remember finally finding him in the basement with Cathy, playing quarters.  I
 joined in for a few minutes, but Nate could tell that I wanted out of there so
 he told her that he had to go.  "See ya later," I cheerily said to Cathy as
 I rose.  They followed me up the stairs.  The clock in the hall read twelve-
 thirty.  Nate gave Cathy a hurried goodbye and we left the house.  In the
 driveway I saw the guy in the concert shirt get into the old Cutlass.  A few
 shouts I couldn't make out were made to a small cluster of people on the
 lawn, and he drove off.  Similarily, we got in my car and pulled out.  I had
 my window rolled down the whole way and was enjoying the country air.  I had
 to drive with my brights on because it was so dark with all of the huge trees
 looming overhead and no streetlight around that it was impossible to drive
 without them.  We were silent the whole way home.  By Nate's mellow radio
 selections I could tell that he was getting tired.  Around some bends on a
 roadside clearing on my side of the car, I saw about five sets of glowing,
 green eyes.  Deer.  I still didn't feel like talking, so I didn't mention
 it to Nate.  Lisa was still running through my mind as we pulled into Nate's
 drive.  He said something like "Call you later," and got out.
	That was about all that happened that night.  I never saw Lisa or any
 of those guys again.  Cathy went away for school so it's highly doubtful that
 Nate would even get invited to another one of those parties.  Even if he did,
 I probably wouldn't go.  It's not that those people aren't interesting, but
 since then, I've met others just as neat and besides, it's not good to live
 in the past, right?
\|/                                                                     \|/
 |                                                                       |
                              Pepsi Degeneration                        
                                 by morpheous
                                an lom release
 |                                                                       |
/|\                                                                     /|\
        It was a fine day; no, it was a perfect day.  I was sitting out on
the lawn, appreciating the beautiful sky, and listening to some thrash.  "What
could make this day even better?" I asked myself, "Ahhh!  My bong!"  I ran
inside and fetched my lovely instrument.  On the way out, I cranked up the
stereo.  "Ahhhhh, sweet thrash...How I love thee..."
        Yes, this day was perfect, perfect until - 
        "I WANT A PEPSI!" 
Turning in anger, I noticed a neighboor's child staring at me and demanding
carbonated beverages.
        "Fuck off!"
        "I WANT A PEPSI OR I'LL CRY! AAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!"
        Even more annoyed, I went inside to retrieve a little something special
for him.  I came back outside with my automatic paint-pellet gun, and I let the
little bastard have a taste.  When the beautiful little balls hit him, he ran
away screaming, covered in paint and red welts.  Smiling, I resumed my perfect
day.
a little while later - 
        "WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY CHILD!!!!!  YOU SCUM-BAG!!! YOU SLIME!!! I'M GOING
TO CALL THE POLICE UNLESS YOU GIVE MY SON A PEPSI!!!"
        "You're not gonna' do shit, bitch!  You want a fuckin' pepsi, have this!"
I unzipped my fly and revealed my beast to her.  I chuckled as I saw her eye my
massive schlong.
        
        "OH MY GHOD!  HELP!!!!!"
        "No help for the damned, cunt."
        I roughly grabbed her to prevent her from running, then ripped her dress
off.  I easily removed her thin bra and panties.  There she stood, naked before
me.  My penis grew at her wrinkled breasts and stretch-marked stomach.  My dong
wanted to invade her flesh, but first a little foreplay.  I slammed her down to
the ground - she was near unconciousness from the force.  I slowly reloaded my
gun, then slid it up her infested cunt.  My dick grew harder as I pulled the
trigger and let a clip into her.  My mind reeled in pleasure as her entire body
shook and convulsed.  Soon, blood flowed freely from her orifices.
        "Was it good for you?"
        "Gurgle...Choke...Gasp..."
     Still controlling myself a little longer, I went inside the house to
retrieve another special gift.  I brought out my mastiff (large fuckin' dog)
and he began to sniff her body.  I kicked back, re-lighting my bong; this was
gonna' be good.  I noticed my dog's dick issuing forth from his body...his
excitement was apparent.  He pushed her over with his nose (smart dog) and
rammed his 8" wang into her ass (not that smart).  She tried to scream, but a
glob of blood came out instead.  A few minutes later, he was finished.  As he
pulled out of her, I noticed that a large portion of her bowels were still
wrapped around his dick.  He, too, noticed this and began to feast upon them.
By now, I had grown bored with the idea of fucking this piece of shit, so I
brought her into the house and stuffed her into my freezer for later fun.
        Once again, I went outside to kick back on the lawn.
        "I WANT A PEPSI!!!"
        "Fine."
        I brought the kid his pepsi, and then I smashed it into his face again,
and again, and again.  25 minutes later, I was still beating him and singing
Michael Jackson songs when the police came and took me away.
        I'm wearing a fine white, sleeveless jacket now.  They let me relax in a
fine white room, with a fine barred window.  I like everything, especially when
they give me the shock treatments.  They still haven't figured out how to keep
me from orgasming as the thousands of volts pump through my body.  I even heard
that I'm going to get a lobotomy.  I don't mind though.  You see, outside it's a
fine day; no, it's a perfect day.
  \\\
   \\\             (c) January 3, 1989  3:15 pm  All rights slayed
    \\\
     \\\
      \\\  rEIgn In BLOod UnDer A lacEraTEd skY; Now I SHall rEIGn in BlooD
       \\\
   \\\\\\\\\\\\\ 
         \\\
          \\\
                          PPINOCCHIO
   Once upon a time... a carpenter, picked up a strange lump of wood one day 
while mending a table. When he began to chip it, the wood started to moan. 
This frightened the carpenter and he decided to get rid of it at once, so he 
gave it to a friend called Geppetto, who wanted to make a puppet. Geppetto, a 
cobbler, took his lump of wood home, thinking about the name he would give his
puppet.
   "I'll call him Pinocchio," he told himself. "It's a lucky name." Back in 
his humble basement home and workshop, Geppetto started to carve the wood. 
Suddenly a voice squealed:
   "Ooh! That hurt!" Geppeto was astonished to find that the wood was alive. 
Excitedly he carved a head, hair and eyes, which immediately stared right at 
the cobbler. But the second Geppetto carved out the nose, it grew longer and 
longer, and no matter how often the cobbler cut it down to size, it just 
stayed a long nose. The newly cut mouth began to chuckle and when Geppetto 
angrily complained, the puppet stuck out his tongue at him. That was nothing, 
however! When the cobbler shaped the hands, they snatched the good man's wig, 
and the newly carved legs gave him a hearty kick. His eyes brimming with 
tears, Geppetto scolded the puppet.
   "You naughty boy! I haven't even finished making you, yet you've no respect
for your father!" Then he picked up the puppet and, a step at a time, taught 
him to walk. But the minute Pinocchio stood upright, he started to run about 
the room, with Geppetto after him, then he opened the door and dashed into the
street. Now, Pinocchio ran faster than Geppetto and though the poor cobbler 
shouted "Stop him! Stop him!" none of the onlookers, watching in amusement, 
moved a finger. Luckily, a policeman heard the cobbler's shouts and strode 
quickly down the street. Grabbing the runaway, he handed him over to his 
father.
   "I'll box your ears," gasped Geppetto, still out of breath. Then he 
realised that was impossible, for in his haste to carve the puppet, he had 
forgotten to make his ears. Pinocchio had got a fright at being in the 
clutches of the police, so he apologised and Geppetto forgave his son.
   Indeed, the minute they reached home, the cobbler made Pinocchio a suit 
out of flowered paper, a pair of bark shoes and a soft bread hat. The puppet 
hugged his father.
   "I'd like to go to school," he said, "to become clever and help you when 
you're old!" Geppetto was touched by this kind thought.
   "I'm very grateful," he replied, "but we haven't enough money even to buy 
you the first reading book!" Pinocchio looked downcast, then Geppetto 
suddenly rose to his feet, put on his old tweed coat and went out of the 
house. Not long after he returned carrying a first reader, but minus his 
coat. It was snowing outside.
   "Where's your coat, father?"
   "I sold it."
   "Why did you sell it?"
   "It kept me too warm!"
   Pinocchio threw his arms round Geppetto's neck and kissed the kindly old 
man.
   It had stopped snowing and Pinocchio set out for school with his first 
reading book under his arm. He was full of good intentions. "Today I want to 
learn to read. Tomorrow I'll learn to write and the day after to count. Then 
I'll earn some money and buy Geppetto a fine new coat. He deserves it, 
for . . ." The sudden sound of a brass band broke into the puppet's daydream
and he soon forgot all about school. He ended up in a crowded square where 
people were clustering round a brightly coloured booth.
   "What's that?" he asked a boy.
   "Can't you read? It's the Great Puppet Show!" 
   "How much do you pay to go inside?" 
   "Fourpence.' 
   "Who'll give me fourpence for this brand new book?" Pinocchio cried. A 
nearby junk seller bought the reading book and Pinocchio hurried into the 
booth. Poor Geppetto. His sacrifice had been quite in vain. Hardly had 
Pinocchio got inside, when he was seen by one of the puppets on the stage 
who cried out:
   "There's Pinocchio! There's Pinocchio!"
   "Come, along. Come up here with us. Hurrah for brother Pinocchio!" cried 
the puppets. Pinocchio weent onstage with his new friends, while the 
spectators below began to mutter about uproar. Then out strode Giovanni, the 
puppet-master, a frightful looking man with fierce bloodshot eyes.
   "What's going on here? Stop that noise! Get in line, or you'll hear about 
it later!"
   That evening, Giovanni sat down to his meal, but when he found that more 
wood was needed to finish cooking his nice chunk of meat, he remembered the 
intruder who had upset his show.
   "Come here, Pinocchio! You'll make good firewood!" The poor puppet started 
to weep and plead. 
   "Save me, father! I don't want to die . . . I don't want to die!" When 
Giovanni heard Pinocchio's cries, he was surprised.
   "Are your parents still alive?" he asked.
   "My father is, but I've never known my mother," said the puppet in a low 
voice. The big man's heart melted.
   "It would be beastly for your father if I did throw you into the fire . . .
but I must finish roasting the mutton. I'll just have to burn another puppet. 
Men! Bring me Harlequin, trussed!" When Pinocchio saw that another puppet was 
going to be burned in his place, he wept harder than ever.
   "Please don't, sir! Oh, sir, please don't! Don't burn Harlequin!"
   "That's enough!" boomed Giovanni in a rage. "I want my meat well cooked!"
   "In that case," cried Pinocchio defiantly, rising to his feet, "burn me! 
It's not right that Harlequin should be burnt instead of me!"
   Giovanni was taken aback. "Well, well!" he said. "I've never met a puppet 
hero before!" Then he went on in a milder tone. "You really are a good lad. I 
might indeed . . ." Hope flooded Pinocchio's heart as the puppet-master stared
at him, then at last the man said: "All right! I'll eat half-raw mutton 
tonight, but next time, somebody will find himself in a pickle." All the 
puppets were delighted at being saved. Giovanni asked Pinocchio to tell  him 
the whole tale, and feeling sorry for kindhearted Geppetto, he gave the puppet
five gold pieces.
   "Take these to your father," he said. "Tell him to buy himself a new coat, 
and give him my regards."
   Pinocchio cheerfully left the puppet booth after thanking Giovanni for 
being so generous. He was hurrying homewards when he met a half-blind cat and
a lame fox. He couldn't help but tell them all about his good fortune, and when
the pair set eyes on the gold coins, they hatched a plot, saying to Pinocchio:
   "If you would really like to please your father, you ought to take him a 
lot more coins. Now, we know of a magic meadow where you can sow these five 
coins. The next day, you will find they have become ten times as many!"
   "How can that happen?" asked Pinocchio in amazement.
   "I'll tell you how!" exclaimed the fox. "In the land of Owls lies a meadow 
known as Miracle Meadow. If you plant one gold coin in a little hole, next day
you will find a whole tree dripping with gold coins!" Pinocchio drank in every
word his two "friends" uttered and off they all went to the Red Shrimp Inn to 
drink to their meeting and future wealth.
   After food and a short rest, they made plans to leave at midnight for
Miracle Meadow. However, when Pinocchio was wakened by the innkeeper at the 
time arranged, he found that the fox and the cat had already left. All the 
puppet could do then was pay for the dinner, using one of his gold coins, and 
set off alone along the path through the woods to the magic meadow. 
Suddenly... "Your money or your life!" snarled two hooded bandits. Now, 
Pinocchio had hidden the coins under his tongue, so he could not say a word, 
and nothing the bandits could do would make Pinocchio tell where the coins 
were hidden. Still mute, even when the wicked pair tied a noose round the poor
puppet's neck and pulled it tighter and tighter, Pinocchio's last thought was 
"Father, help me!"
   Of course, the hooded bandits were the fox and the cat. "You'll hang 
there," they said, "till you decide to talk. We'll be back soon to see if you 
have changed your mind!" And away they went. 
   However, a fairy who lived nearby had overheard everything . . . From the 
castle window, the Turquoise Fairy saw a kicking puppet dangling from an oak 
tree in the wood. Taking pity on him, she clapped her hands three times and 
suddenly a hawk and a dog appeared.
   "Quickly!" said the fairy to the hawk. "Fly to that oak tree and with your 
beak snip away the rope round the poor lad's neck!"
   To the dog she said: "Fetch the carriage and gently bring him to me!"
   In no time at all, Pinocchio, looking quite dead, was lying in a cosy bed 
in the castle, while the fairy called three famous doctors, crow, owl and 
cricket. A very bitter medicine, prescribed by these three doctors quickly 
cured the puppet, then as she caressed him, the fairy said: "Tell me what 
happened!" 
   Pinocchio told her his story, leaving out the bit about selling his first 
reading book, but when the fairy asked him where the gold coins were, the 
puppet replied that he had lost them. In fact, they were hidden in one of his 
pockets. All at once, Pinocchio's nose began to stretch, while the fairy 
laughed.
   "You've just told a lie! I know you have, because your nose is growing 
longer!" Blushing with shame, Pinocchio had no idea what to do with such an 
ungainly nose and he began to weep. However, again feeling sorry for him, the 
fairy clapped her hands and a flock of woodpeckers appeared to peck his nose 
back to its proper length.
   "Now, don't tell any more lies," the fairy warned him," or your nose will 
grow again! Go home and take these coins to your father."
   Pinocchio gratefully hugged the fairy and ran off homewards. But near the 
oak tree in the forest, he bumped into the cat and the fox. Breaking his 
promise, he foolishly let himself be talked into burying the coins in the 
magic meadow. Full of hope, he returned next day, but the coins had gone. 
Pinocchio sadly trudged home without the coins Giovanni had given him for his
father.
   After scolding the puppet for his long absence, Geppetto forgave him and
off he went to school. Pinocchio seemed to have calmed down a bit. But someone
else was about to cross his path and lead him astray. This time, it was Carlo,
the lazy bones of the class. 
   "Why don't you come to Toyland with me?" he said. "Nobody ever studies 
there and you can play all day long!"
   "Does such a place really exist?" asked Pinocchio in amazement.
   "The wagon comes by this evening to take me there," said Carlo. "Would you 
like to come?"
   Forgetting all his promises to his father and the fairy, Pinocchio was 
again heading for trouble. Midnight struck, and the wagon arrived to pick up 
the two friends, along with some other lads who could hardly wait to reach a 
place where schoolbooks and teachers had never been heard of. Twelve pairs of 
donkeys pulled the wagon, and they were all shod with white leather boots. The
boys clambered into the wagon. Pinocchio, the most excited of them all, jumped
on to a donkey. Toyland, here we come!
   Now Toyland was just as Carlo had described it: the boys all had great fun 
and there were no lessons. You weren't even allowed to whisper the word 
"school", and Pinocchio could hardly believe he was able to play all the time.
   "This is the life!" he said each time he met Carlo.
   "I was right, wasn't I?" exclaimed his friend, pleased with himself.
   "Oh, yes Carlo! Thanks to you I'm enjoying myself. And just think: teacher 
told me to keep well away from you."
   One day, however, Pinocchio awoke to a nasty surprise. When he raised a 
hand to his head, he found he had sprouted a long pair of hairy ears, in place
of the sketchy ears that Geppetto had never got round to finishing. And that 
wasn't all! The next day, they had grown longer than ever. Pinocchio 
shamefully pulled on a large cotton cap and went off to search for Carlo. He 
too was wearing a hat, pulled right down to his nose. With the same thought in
their heads, the boys stared at each other, then snatching off their hats, 
they began to laugh at the funny sight of long hairy ears. But as they 
screamed with laughter, Carlo suddenly went pale and began to stagger. 
"Pinocchio, help! Help!" But Pinocchio himself was stumbling about and he 
burst into tears. For their faces were growing into the shape of a donkey's 
head and they felt themselves go down on all foursf. Pinocchio and Carlo were 
turning into a pair of donkeys. And when they tried to groan with fear, they 
brayed loudly instead. When the Toyland wagon driver heard the braying of his 
new donkeys, he rubbed his hands in glee.
   "There are two fine new donkeys to take to market. I'll get at least four 
gold pieces for them!" For such was the awful fate that awaited naughty little
boys that played truant from school to spend all their time playing games.
   Carlo was sold to a farmer, and a circus man bought Pinocchio to teach him 
to do tricks like his other performing animals. It was a hard life for a 
donkey! Nothing to eat but hay, and when that was gone, nothing but straw. And
the beatings! Pinocchio was beaten every day till he had mastered the 
difficult circus tricks. One day, as he was jumping through the hoop, he 
stumbled and went lame. The circus man called the stable boy.
   "A lame donkey is no use to me," he said. "Take it to market and get rid of
it at any price!" But nobody wanted to buy a useless donkey. Then along came a
little man who said: "I'll take it for the skin. It will make a good drum for 
the village band!"
   And so, for a few pennies, Pinocchio changed hands and he brayed 
sorrowfully when he heard what his awful fate was to be. The puppet's new 
owner led him to the edge of the sea, tied a large stone to his neck, and a 
long rope round Pinocchio's legs and pushed hlm into the water. Clutching the 
end of the rope, the man sat down to wait for Pinocchio to drown. Then he 
would flay off the donkey's skin.
   Pinocchio struggled for breath at the bottom of the sea, and in a flash, 
remembered all the bother he had given Geppetto, his broken promises too, and 
he called on the fairy.
   The fairy heard Pinocchio's call and when she saw he was about to drown, 
she sent a shoal of big fish. They ate away all the donkey flesh, leaving the 
wooden Pinocchio. Just then, as the fish stopped nibbling, Pinocchio felt 
himself hauled out of the water. And the man gaped in astonishment at the 
living puppet, twisting and turning like an eel, which appeared in place of 
the  dead donkey. When he recovered his wits, he babbled, almost in tears: 
"Where's the donkey I threw into the sea?"
   "I'm that donkey", giggled Pinocchio.
   "You!" gasped the man. "Don't try pulling my leg. If I get angry . . ."
   However, Pinocchio told the man the whole story . . . "and that's how you 
come to have a live puppet on the end of the rope instead of a dead donkey!"
   "I don't give a whit for your story," shouted the man in a rage. "All I 
know is that I paid twenty coins for you and I want my money back! Since 
there's no donkey, I'll take you to market and sell you as firewood!"
   By then free of the rope, Pinocchio made a face at the man and dived into 
the sea. Thankful to be a wooden puppet again, Pinocchio swam happily out to 
sea and was soon just a dot on the horizon. But his adventures were far from 
over. Out of the water behind him loomed a terrible giant shark! A horrified
Pinocchio sawits wide open jaws and tried to swim away as fast as he could, 
but the monster only glided closer. Then the puppet tried to escape by going 
in the other direction, but in vain. He could never escape the shark, for as 
the water rushed into its cavern-like mouth, he was sucked in with it. And in 
an instant Pinocchio had been swallowed along with shoals of fish unlucky 
enough to be in the fierce creature's path. Down he went, tossed in the 
torrent of water as it poured down the shark's throat, till he felt dizy. When
Pinocchio came to his senses, he was in darkness. Over his head, he could hear
the loud heave of the shark's gills. On his hands and knees, the puppet crept 
down what felt like a sloping path, crying as he went:
   "Help! Help! Won't anybody save me?"
   Suddenly, he noticed a pale light and, as he crept towards it, he saw it 
was a flame in the distance. On he went, till: "Father! It can't be you! . . ."
   "Pinocchio! Son! It really is you . . ."
   Weeping for joy, they hugged each other and, between sobs, told their 
adventures. Geppetto stroked the puppet's head and told him how he came to be 
in the shark's stomach.
   "I was looking for you everywhere. When I couldn't find you on dry land, I 
made a boat to search for you on the sea. But the boat capsized in a storm, 
then the shark gulped me down. Lucklly, it also swallowed bits of ships 
wrecked in the tempest, so I've managed to survive by gettlng what I could 
from these!"
   "Well, we're still alive!" remarked Pinocchio, when they had finished 
recounting their adventures. "We must get out of here!" Taking Geppetto's hand,
the pair started to climb up the shark's stomach, using a candle to light their
way. When they got as far as its jaws, they took fright, but as so happened,
this shark slept with its mouth open, for it suffered from asthma.
   As luck would have it, the shark had been basking in shallow waters since
the day before, and Pinocchio soon reached the beach. Dawn was just breaking,
and Geppetto, soaked to the skin, was half dead with cold and fright.
   "Lean on me, father." said Pinocchio. "I don't know where we are, but we'll
soon find our way home!"
   Beside the sands stood an old hut made of branches, and there they took 
shelter. Geppetto was running a temperature, but Pinocchio went out, saying, 
"I'm going to get you some milk." The bleating of goats led the puppet in the 
right direction, and he soon came upon a farmer. Of course, he had no money to
pay for the milk.
   "My donkey's dead," said the farmer. "If you work the treadmill from dawn 
to noon, then you can have some milk." And so, for days on end, Pinocchio rose
early each morning to earn Geppetto's food.
   At long last, Pinocchio and Geppetto reached home. The puppet worked late 
into the night weaving reed baskets to make money for his father and himself. 
One day, he heard that the fairy after a wave of bad luck, was ill in 
hospital. So instead of buying himself a new suit of clothes, Pinocchio sent 
the fairy the money to pay for her treatment.
   One night, in a wonderful dream, the fairy appeared to reward Pinocchio for
his kindness. When the puppet looked in the mirror next morning, he found he 
had turned into somebody else. For there in the mirror, was a handsome young 
lad with blue eyes and brown hair. Geppetto hugged him happily.
    "Where's the old wooden Pinocchio?" the young lad asked in astonishment.
"There!" exclaimed Geppetto, pointing at him. "When bad boys become good, 
their looks change along with their lives!"
ASLEEP - Craig Plesco
I'm asleep and my eyes see reality....
I'm asleep and my mind focuses on the life I could never indulge in...
Petty concerns split my neuro-system/Death becomes but a joke
Falling into the system where life becomes ever so painful,
The frustration of not knowing who is whom, what is that, why is this
Dateline: Age 4 - Religious leaders spout sayings of eternal damnation
I spin through cycles of pitfalls and laugh at their blind nature
What determines life?
How soon after 'death' does one become useless in life?
When the moistness dries, when the water subsides...
Is water life? For beings such as we, perhaps this is true....
Water/Sun.....Cold/Hot.....
What is where, I am not..
I feel parched, feeling too much heat
Sporadically I am fed tiny droplets of life...
I drink and savor and enjoy...even basking in the heat
Then a yearning creeps into me...I want to hold on...but...
SOME STRANGER - Craig Plesco
I bumped into a nearby lamppost and studied my own neglect of environment
My shoes - a casual acquaintance
Standing up, I felt a surge of hatred - contempt ran through my body
I twisted fully around and stared into the face I had known would come
Chuckle, chuckle, I laughed....
Somehow I didnt believe you could be seen this way
Deep in my heart I felt this was indeed the creation, the truth, the fallacies
Could I slap this or myself back to...to where? Where is one ever at?
Perhaps I did not recognize this, perhaps I was not capable of understanding
Still wonderment and curiosity urged me to follow
Grass still grew through the cracks, afterall
One particular broken slab tripped me up, one particular moment changed me
later..I peered through a window of mirror edging....angles portrayed ..
my own image, 4 dimensions, maybe more
attempting to jump into it....it was then that i was abruptly reminded....
i am only flesh
WALK ON WATER - Craig Plesco
Miracles, never experienced one.
I waded through the murky depths, my hopes and dreams were swirling about
like the reverted path of an oar
Undercurrent made me forget my foothold, sandbar turned to seaweed and i sank
Swallowing all my dreams, rising to the top, at the same time, something
pulling me downward, I coughed and spat out those wishes, the stream of
a stronger being seemed to control all of me.
Momentarily, I gained some aspect of sanity and decided to float, it was
much easier than swimming and very safe
As I was pulled along, i sensed that my velocity and that of the current
was increasing....Gravity, my master, the grand trickster, those who
wish to defy it, inevitably give in to it in order to survive...
Abandoning all sense of self, I become one with the water, I was water...
I was fluid, I could be easily formed, manipulated, I had no real shape
Crashing to the bottom of the falls, I knew the uniqueness gained nothing
in the end, things form certain qualities only temporarily...
Permanently, there is but one form, striving to become is to strive for
Nothing
DRAWN ON - Craig Plesco
A scratch in my arm
I was etched
Did it matter?
A bruise on my head
I was scarred
Later, gone, nothing remembered
I whistled, some insane prisoner type came after me with a gun
I laughed knowing that the destruction of my being would not matter
Haha, remember science class? My matter will be an apple tree....
When I feel your feelings, when i sense your touch, i want to be you
When I reach out for you, you are me and I scratch your arm...
Looking down, you notice it, sometimes you touch it unwittingly...
Somewhere in your mind, you feel me, later the scar is gone
REAND - Craig Plesco
Rat's eyes are no disguise
Rats live on no evil star - Sexton
I asked myself, what is an evil star?
Planets are sometimes stars
People are sometimes stars
Flames are stars, illusions are stars
Looking inside myself
I almost felt a star
Reaching ever deeper, no rats existed
Was there a flame reaching out?
Trying to escape, erupt, become?
Hollowed, like a canoe.....
Sadness erupted, pavement destroyed
You can never see a soul
But if it goes with you
You will carry 5 times your load
Voices urging....
Beckon, come with me.
I almost did, but I knew I had purpose
Not to become that star, but to give it
ORANGE MARMALADE - Craig Plesco
Started to get a buddy of my very own.
I knew it wasnt because of her, her skepticism tore me apart.
Later, tearing was my job and I went into it like a madman...Had to show her
I showed myself alright, i was her, she was me....
After a brief shower, I hopped out the door to the nearest convenience store.
It was there that my life became more meaningful....
Showered with options, life had no limitations...I was no caveman!!
My club in hand, I walked the aisles and checked myself out in the
cooler windows....Yeah, I was cool alright, slick...
Some babe looked at my jeans, checked the brand and proceeded to introduce
herself...finding that her tastes were not acceptable I dashed...
Heh, noone noticed I hadnt paid...only paid attention to some naivete...
I kicked a few pieces of trash out of the weeds and into the bright light
of the concrete...examination proved futile and seeking more adventure
I traveled.....
Arriving wasnt as much fun...peering coollyover my rims I sought meaning...
What I was subjected to were drumsticks...oh well, a few germs and many hours
later another shower was necessary....A stale fetus arose thanks to me...
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven
 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560
                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
15/15        [4] Local PLasTic PoEtry (Could be?)
Title:       A Song of Love
Date:        Mon Oct 25, 1993 10:33:15 (0 days old)
Origin:      Plastic Poultry (Texas) [214-333-2949]
From:        Nuwanda #251 @1214016 VirtualNET  
Say, what is the spell, when her fledgelings are chee[ping,
     That lures the bird home to her nest?
Or wakes the tired mother, whose infant is weeping,
     To cuddle and croon it to rest?
What the magic that charms the glad babe in her arms,
     Till it cooes with the voice of the dove?
'Tis a secret, and so let us whisper it low-
     And the name of the secret is Love!
          For I think it is Love,
          For I feel it is Love,
     For I'm sure it is nothing but Love!
Say, whence is the voice that, when anger is burning,
     Bids the whirl of the tempest to cease?
That stirs the vexed soul with an aching- a yearning
     For the brotherly hand-grip of peace?
Whence the music that fills all our being- that thrills
     Around us, beneath, and above?
'Tis a secret: none knows how it comes, how it goes-
     But the name of the secret is Love!
          For I think it is Love,
For I feel it is Love,
     For I'm sure it is nothing but Love!
Say, whose is the skill that paints valley and hill,
     Like a picture so fair to the sight?
