  "You see, Lord Cantlemere, we can no doubt frame a case
against the actual thieves."
  "When you have caught them."
  "Exactly. But the question is -- how shall we proceed against
the receiver?"
  "Is this not rather premature?"
  "It is as well to have our plans ready. Now, what would you
regard as final evidence against the receiver?"
  "The actual possession of the stone."
  "You would arrest him upon that?"
  "Most undoubtedly."
  Holmes seldom laughed, but he got as near it as his old friend
Watson could remember.
  "In that case, my dear sir, I shall be under the painful
necessity of advising your arrest."
  Lord Cantlemere was very angry. Some of the ancient fires
flickered up into his sallow cheeks.
  "You take a great liberty, Mr. Holmes. In fifty years of
official life I cannot recall such a case. I am a busy man, sir
engaged upon important affairs, and I have no time or taste for
foolish jokes. I may tell you frankly, sir, that I have never been a
believer in your powers, and that I have always been of the
opinion that the matter was far safer in the hands of the regular
police force. Your conduct confirms all my conclusions. I have
the honour, sir, to wish you good-evening."
  Holmes had swiftly changed his position and was between the
peer and the door.
  "One moment, sir," said he. "To actually go off with the
Mazarin stone would be a more serious offence than to be found
in temporary possession of it."
  "Sir, this is intolerable! Let me pass."
  "Put your hand in the right-hand pocket of your overcoat."
  "What do you mean, sir?"
  "Come -- come, do what I ask."
  An instant later the amazed peer was standing, blinking and
stammering, with the great yellow stone on his shaking palm.
  "What! What! How is this, Mr. Holmes?"
  "Too bad, Lord Cantlemere, too bad!" cried Holmes. "My
old friend here will tell you that I have an impish habit of
practical joking. Also that I can never resist a dramatic situation.
I took the liberty -- the very great liberty, I admit -- of putting the
stone into your pocket at the beginning of our interview."
  The old peer stared from the stone to the smiling face before
him.
  "Sir, I am bewildered. But -- yes -- it is indeed the Mazarin
stone. We are greatly your debtors, Mr. Holmes. Your sense of
humour may, as you admit, be somewhat perverted, and its
exhibition remarkably untimely, but at least I withdraw any
reflection I have made upon your amazing professional powers.
But how --"
  "The case is but half finished; the details can wait. No doubt,
Lord Cantlemere, your pleasure in telling of this successful result
in the exalted circle to which you return will be some small
atonement for my practical joke. Billy, you will show his Lord-
ship out, and tell Mrs. Hudson that I should be glad if she would
send up dinner for two as soon as possible."
 __________________________
| formatted for 80-columns \_________________________________________________
|                                                                            |
|                           A Day in McDonaldland                            |
|                                                                            |
|     Written by --  G.I. Joe                                                |
|                                                                            |
|                                 Call these!                                |
|   Pitstop AE/CF    504/774/7126        Wolf's Den AE/BBS/CF  203/269/8377  |
|   Binary Sixx AE   505/275/0110        Lighthouse AE/BBS/CF  504/291/5690  |
|   p/w SIXX                             DETAC AE  p/w RUSH    617/458/2934  |
|                                                                            |
|    Any similarities of characters depicted here to anyone in the world,    |
|    both living and/or dead is purely coincinental.  And, if you are        |
|    offended by any of this... Please - Fuck off.     (C) DETAC 6/10/86     |
|____________________________________________________________________________|
     Once upon a time in McDonaldland, Ronald got up.  He was awakened by the 
 screaming of Birdie the Early Bird who wanted Ronald to buy him some hotcakes
 and sausage, and a worm McMuffin.  Through the corner of his half-opened eye
 he saw Birdie flying toward his window.  Ronald did not want to get up!  He'd
 been drinking the night before and had a whanging headache.  Thinking quickly
 Ronald reached over to his nighttable drawer and took out his .357 McMagnum.
 He then emptied the weapon into Birdie's oncoming face.  Ronald then laid 
 back down.  A moment later he bolted upright and said 'tails!'.  He jumped 
 out of his bed and ran to the window to look down at the corpse.  Ron was 
 right, all that remained of the flying freak was his tail.  The hungover
 clown smiled and went back to bed. 
     A little while later, a group of small children appeared under Ronald's
 balcony.  They called for the clown to come out.  Ronald told them that he'd
 be out in a few minutes as he was getting a surprise for them.  Ronald loved
 children, he eats at least one a day...   The clown appeared as he promised 
 and poured boiling-hot oil all over the little tykes.  In the few seconds
 before they died, they sure were surprised.  The big clown laughed (he had a
 queer sense of humor) and looked at his handiwork.  Bodies were sprawled all
 over the yard.  Ron knew that there'd be no more visits today.  He thought
 "Ah, at last... sleep, perchance to dream of more cruel things to do to the
 kiddies.", and promptly passed out in bed again.
     Ronald got up by himself at about 2:00 pm, got dressed, downed an entire
 bottle of Extra Strength Tylenol Capsules ( he got a great bargain on all the
 recalled packages ), and headed to Queen St. for to buy some bones.  Ronald
 picked up a deal on 5 party-size sens joints and strolled through 
 McDonaldland smoking them.  After he had smoked 3 of 'em, he started to flick
 lit matches at passing dogs, he also was spitting at all the kids too.   And
 why not?  He was feeling much better now since his headache is gone, so he
 was out to enjoy himself.  He came over to a grove of trees and carved 
 ' Fuck the King! ' into the first tree he reached with his switchblade.
 Then he continued on his merry way.  It was such a wonderful day too.  The
 sun was shining, the birds were singing, ...you know.  A NICE DAY.  The 
 flowers all looked up and smiled & waved to Ronald as he walked along.  But 
 the clown was in no mood for that shit today.  So he took great care to kick
 the heads off of every flower around him with his deformed, size 22 feet.
 Well, Ron had laid waste to a whole field of these friendly flowers when he 
 caught sight of a lone little boy walking toward him.  Ronald's face beamed,
 his heart warmed, his eyes softened, he became his usual loveable self.  The
 child jumped up into Ronald's open arms, and they spun around in the flowers.
 It was so touching that Ronald wanted to puke.  Then he suddenly remembered
 how he and his father used to do this too.  They'd play in the field, then 
 his father would bounce little Ron into the air...  Unconciously, Ronald
 hurled the child skward and watched as it gained altitude and became just a
 tiny dot in the sky.  The dot started growing bigger as Ron realized that he
 couldn't catch for beans.  Too bad.  The kid came down with a long, loud 
 scream that ceased abruptly upon inpact.  Ron thought to himself, "Wow, that
 sure brings back memories...", and asked the kid if he wanted to do that one
 more time.  The boy just kept lying there twitching, so Ronald figured that
 he didn't.  "Alright... nice meeting you liitle boy.", said the clown as he
 left to get back onto the footpath.  A little ways down the road, Grimace and
 his green uncle came riding by on a bicycle built for 10.  Ron remembered the
 2 joints he had left and decided to let his friend Grimace in on it along 
 with his jolly green goodwill-case uncle.  The three of them went down to the
 riverside to partake of the weed's pleasures.  Uncle Greenie seemed to like 
 the pot.  In fact, he liked it so much that after taking the biggest hit ever
 attempted by any living being and drooling at the same time, he passed out 
 cold on the ground.  Ronald snatched the soaked doobie from from the Irish 
 monster's spongy, hairy, limp paw, and was about to take a hit himself when
 he noticed that there was spit all over it.  He passed it to Grimace who  
 didn't seem to mind sucking on other people's spit.  Ronald was pissed off
 though, and he rolled Grimace's uncle into the river to drown.  That's
 exactly what the green burnout did too.  Ron walked back to Grimace and lit
 the other joint carelessly dropping the lit match on Grimace, who was busy
 playing with himself and didn't notice the fire.  The clown stayed around
 and watched Grimace melt for a little while.  Then he left, leaving his 
 last real friend burning to death in a 10 foot flame.  The big clown went
 back to his home and just laughed his head off...
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Well, that's it for this installment folx.  Hope you enjoyed it as much
 as I did when I first came up with it.  Also, call my AE,
  DETAC AE (617) 458-2934 p/w: RUSH  300/1200bd  24hrs a day in STEREO!
 YES!  We do requests there!  If I've got it, you can have it too.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (> Written by G.I. Joe 6/10/86    -    (K)opywrite 1986, DETAC Publishing <)
                                             melissa.txt
                                             Ben Blumenberg
                                             Reality Software
                                             P.O. Box 105
                                             Waldoboro, Me 04572
                                             June 26, 1992
                   MELISSA AND THE GREEN DRAGON
     Once upon a time in a small and peaceful land, there was a
princess.  She was small and slim with gorgeous, auburn hair that
fell almost to her ankles in long, straight waves.  Her eyes were
bright blue, her lips ruby red and her name was Melissa.
     Melissa lived her days in a single small room which during
the day was lit by the light from two windows, one that faced
north and one that faced south.  Her room was built of large
stones, each perfectly shaped to fit against one another snugly
and without mortar.  The room, however, was not cold for it was
hung with the richest of tapestries emboldened with the brightest
of reds, blues and golds.  Upon these tapestries were scenes of
lords and ladies, knights and princesses, peace and war, feasting
and life.  Her room contained a wide, shallow fireplace in which
she did her cooking and before which she sat to do her embroidery
in winter.  Her bed was a single slab of oak that rested upon
four perfectly spherical, granite stones, one at each corner.
Upon the bed were folded several, scarlet, woolen blankets.  An
intricately, carved writing desk, clothes trunk, many large and
small tallow candles and two pine torches completed the inventory
of the objects in Melissa's room.
     It was appeared that Melissa was imprisoned.  Her room was
situated on the top of a small stone tower that lay at the edge
of an enormous wheat field.  This farm was tended cooperatively
by the peasants of the small village whose thatched roofed huts
could barely be discerned if one stared towards the enormous fir
trees of the Northern Forest.  With a wicker basket on the end of
a rope, Melissa was able to receive those necessities of life,
such as food and books, that she obtained from the villagers. 
     Melissa's tower was guarded by a dragon.  He was rather
small, perhaps twenty feet long, and covered with huge,
diamond shaped, emerald green scales.  He had a long forked tail
that ended, as did his tongue, in a pitch black tip.  His eyes
were ruby red of a shade identical to Melissa's lips and he
could, when annoyed, belch impressive quantities of green-grey
smoke and yellow-orange smoke.  The last feature of note
possessed by this dragon was his pure white ears which were small
and triangular with long, stiff strands of hair.  This dragon
might be found coiled around the base of the tower at any hour of
the day or night when not out hunting the small rodents and
rabbits that made up the bulk of his diet.
     One brilliant blue, early spring day, a knight appeared on
the road that led from the Northern Forest to the stone tower. 
He was young, fair, blond and blue eyed.  HIs armor glistened and
shone in the sunlight and bore not the slightest scratch nor a
single, minute spot of rust.  His sword was likewise of such
shining perfection.  His horse was a snow white stallion and his
saddle and bridle were made of the finest leather and rarest of
wood. This knight had arrived during one of those hours when the
dragon was away feeding.  His arrival was no accident but the
result of many days spent spying upon the tower from the safety
of the Northern Forest.
     He stopped at the base of the tower, squinted up at the
north window and coughed loudly.  When this elicited no response,
he coughed twice again.  Again, no response.  Had his approach
gone unobserved?
     "Er.....ah..... Princess, I'm here."
     The window flew open and Melissa's beautiful face looked
down with an expression of extreme irritation.  Her magnificent
auburn mane fell about her shoulders and down over the lower lip
of the window.
     "What ever do you want?" She scowled.
     "I've, er...er... I've come to rescue you, fair princess
from your imprisonment and the fearful dragon who holds you here
against your will."
     "Well, I don't want to be rescued, thank you!"  The
princess' tone carried even more ice than before.
     "You don't?"  The young knight was incredulous!
     'No, I don't!  I'm getting along just fine.  Please go
away."
     "But, but... You live all alone in this tower and you never
come out.  And the dragon..."
     "I do not wish to be rescued and that is that, fair knight,
Thank you for your trouble and concern.  Good day!"
     The princess withdrew her face and slammed the window shut.
The knight was thunderstruck!  She did not want to be rescued! 
He could not believe it!
     The knight remained immobile atop his white stallion at the
base of the tower throughout the remainder of the day.  Luckily,
it was a cool day and he didn't sweat too much under all that
armor.  He was hoping for the dragon's return and a battle with
the fearsome monster in which he was victorious.  Surely the
beautiful princess did wish to be rescued, but was afraid to say
so, perhaps intimidated by the dragon.
     The dragon for his part now occuppied the hiding place at
the edge of the Northern Forest so recently vacated by the fair
young knight.  He cowered in fear as he spied upon the knight's
self imposed vigil at the the tower.
     "Oh, if only that frightening, terrible man would go away",
thought the dragon.  "Just look at his gleaming armor and his
sword, sharp beyond measure I'll bet.  Oh dear, oh me, whatever
shall I do?" 
     The dragon hid his eyes under his front paws and shivered in
abject terror.  His tail twitched, his magnificent white ears
drooped and a few silent tears flowed down his cheeks.
     
     The knight kept his silent, stoic vigil until sunset.
Melissa remained inside her room doing embroidery and did not
appear at the window to entreat her self appointed rescuer to go
away.  As the last fragments of the sun's orb sank beneath the
horizon, the knight gave up his quest and slowly cantered off
towards the south.
     The dragon appeared for dinner at eight with Melissa as
usual.  She soothed his fears, stroked his tufted ears and fed
him sweatmeats until midnight.
                            An Ode To Mike
                                            By Alien
		    
    Mike, Mike,
      On Yer Bike,
    And this time leave the seat on!
    Mike, Mike, 
      On Yer Spike,
    And this time clean it afterwards!
    Mike, Mike,
      On Yer Dyke,
    And this time tell her you a guy!
    Mike, Mike,
      On Yer Mike,
    'Cause no one else wants to get on yer Mike!
    Mike, Mike,
      On Yer Trike,
    And this time mount the seat, 
              (Not the handle-bars)
    Mike, Mike,
      On Yer Pike,
    And this time feed the fish after!
    Mike, Mike,
      On Yer Hike,
    THIS TIME DONT COME
    BACK YOU PRICK!
MIND PROBE by Michael Abbott Short Story
On  our search for computer novelettes,  we this time present  to 
you a story called "Mind probe", written by Michael Abbott. 1984 
by Business Press International, Ltd.
Apparently,  Taylor, a tall and cadaverous civil servant bemopped 
with sable hair,  was not easily ruffled.  The duty sergeant  led 
him  to  the  interview room - a bare  chamber  with  two  facing 
chairs,  with a naked lamp hanging grotesquely from the  ceiling. 
The  stench of desinfectant clawed into  Taylor's  nostrils;  for 
here,  suspects  were frequently sick with fright.  The  sergeant 
took  up position by the door,  slamming it  meaningfully  behind 
Chief Inspector Biles.
 "I'm bound to inform you of your rights, Mr. Taylor," the stubby 
Inspector  said,  abruptly.  "You  have the right to  refuse  our 
questioning  you with the assistance of any  technical  equipment 
whatsoever,  even  a  tape  recorder.  But if  you  insist  on  a 
conventional  interview,  you should know that I am empowered  to 
detain you until completely satisfied with your statement."
  "Off  the  record,"  he added with  a  smirk,  "this  could  be 
indefinitely."
 "What kind of equipment are you talking about?" said Taylor, who 
was  suspecting that Biles was referring to a piece of  apparatus 
commonly known as the mind probe.  He resisted intimidation,  and 
his low, resonant voice started up again. "Surely, this is only a 
simple enquiry?"
  Inspector Biles's frail quaver became  almost  defensive,  "All 
equipment  is  routinely used,  sir,  including  the  disposition 
analyser,  and  has  been since the 1989 Police  Powers  Act.  If 
you'll  agree to its use,  sir,  the full interview need take  no 
more  than 15 minutes,  and there'll be no need to  trouble  your 
solicitor.  There's  no discomfort,  and a police doctor will  be 
present throughout. If you've nothing to hide, you'll consent."
 Biles became impatient. Why detainees needed to deliberate was a 
mystery  to  him.  After  all,  he had made  it  clear  that  the 
conventional  alternative  would  be stretched so  as  to  detain 
Taylor beyond endurance.
  Taylor  had  barely consented when the  equipment  trolley  was 
wheeled  in,  accompanied by a female doctor offering  a  mawkish 
smile. The transferral to a reclining touch, and the fitting of a 
hideous electrode cap,  fractured Taylor's composure.   His voice 
became as taught as a child's.  "Let me get this  straight.  This 
machine merely extracts answers to your specific questions?"
 "Something like that," Inspector Biles twanged, buoyantly.
  The  doctor  raised an  eyebrow.  The  approved  procedure  was 
inconvenient  and lengthy.  Without  sufficient  forethought,  it 
could  also  be inconclusive.  When under  pressure,  the  common 
practice  was to  copy the subject's entire mind to  memory,  and 
examine it later.  Taylor,  who was simply helping Special Branch 
with their enquiries,  could be sent home, and his surrogate mind 
probed for its secrets.
  Taylor was shown an unwiendly black card from which he  was  to 
read   aloud  the  statements  printed  on  it  in  large   white 
characters.
MY NAME IS JEREMY TAYLOR
I AM A CIVIL SERVANT
I AM A JUNIOR CYPHERS OFFICER AT THE GCHQ PROGRAMMING DEPARTMENT
GCHQ STANDS FOR GOVERNMENT COMMUNICATIONS HEADQUARTERS
I HAVE SIGNED THE OFFICIAL SECRETS ACT
  "Don't read it yet," said Biles,  "Tell me about  your  fishing 
trips with Andrew Meredith."
 "What's to tell?" said Taylor.  "We are colleagues, and we share 
an interest in angling."
 Bill straightened up, and issued a stern proclamation, "Meredith 
is here in New Scotland Yard,  and is being charged under Section 
One   of  the  Official  Secrets  Act,   for  leaking   sensitive 
information to a foreign power."
  Taylor  was genuinly surprised.  His association with  Meredith 
was  one based purely on fishing.  Chief Inspector Biles  resumed 
his all-knowing smirk. "Long boat trips, eh? Ideal for exchanging 
information  and  ideas without  being  bugged.  Surveillance  is 
difficult, even for the security services, when you're sitting in 
a row-boat in the middle of a lake."
 Taylor twitched.  Not at the accusation,  but because the  probe 
had been activated.  Biles handed him the big black  card.  "Read 
it!"
 Taylor read it,  and then repeated the alphabet three times,  as 
requested.  Chief Inspector Biles explained,  "As a computing and 
cyphers operative,  perhaps an explanation will not be wasted  on 
you,  Mr.  Taylor." Biles lit a cigarette before continuing, "You 
see,  the  problem with reading a person's mind is that  everyone 
thinks  with a language of their  own.  Unlike  computers,  which 
think  with the machine language they are designed to  use,  from 
birth  we  humans  can evolve our own  individual  code  --  what 
scientists  now call a psychode.  As a cyphers  expert,  you  can 
appreciate  the  obstacle  that this puts in  the  way  of  mind-
reading."
 Biles took the card from Taylor and fondled it  absent-mindedly. 
Yaylor  insisted  on knowing the purpose of this  card,  and  the 
Chief  Inspector became animated again.  "Extracting  information 
from  the mind became possible when computers became  intelligent 
enough  to decypher an individual's psychode.  But  the  computer 
needs  a starting point - a set of clues,  as it  were.  So,  the 
computer  monitors  your brain's electrical activity  whilst  you 
read what's on this card.  The signals from the electrode cap  on 
your    head    are   the   same   as    those    generated    by 
electroencephalograph equipment used in hospitals.  There is  one 
departure from its clinical counterpart,  however. The cap you're 
wearing is bi-directional.
  The  whites  of Biles's eyes seemed to  bloat  at  this  point. 
Cigarette smoke streamed from his nostrils. "Any minute now, this 
machine will have constructed an algorhythm that will allow it to 
monitor your conscious thoughts,  directly access your memory  by 
circumventing  your  conscious thoughts,  and evoke  memories  in 
order to see what your conscious mind does with them."
  "In short,  it can help itself to any,  or all of  my  personal 
thoughts  and  experiences?" Taylor croaked,  humiliated  by  the 
prospect.
 "Affirmative!"
 "I retract my consent," Taylor said breathlessly.
 Biles assumed a bored,  irritated tone, "'Fraid not, sir. You've 
signed the form.  If necessary, I can use restraint." He summoned 
the sergeant as a show of force.
 Phase two of the mind probe commenced.  The subject's mouth hung 
open  as the soporific tingling sensation intensified.  He  heard 
the  computer's  voice somewhere in  his  mind,  saying  blandly, 
"Relax, Mr. Taylor. Just relax."
 The experience is not one that can be meaningfully related, save 
to say that images, sounds, and long-abandoned memories spring in 
and  out  of consciousness like accelerated  dreams.  A  peculiar 
awareness  that  something  is helping  itself  to  your  private 
thoughts  accompanies  the waves of voices,  faces and  startling 
visions.  Frequently,  there  are physical manifestations in  the 
subject,  and  Taylor  was  no exception.  He  began  talking  to 
himself,  then  he  cried out,  sang and  laughed  heartily.  The 
doctor  mopped  saliva  from  his  chin.  It  was  a  sight  that 
disturbed even Biles.
  When  the probe was completed Taylor slept for  three  or  four 
hours.  By the time he awoke,  Biles and the sergeant were at the 
probes  console,   studying  their  detainee's   mind.   Taylor's 
weaknesses and strenghts, be he incriminated by the probe or not, 
would be passed on to New Scotland Yard's database.
  Music floated down the corridor behind the  sergeant,  reaching 
Taylor's  ears  as  the officer entered bearing  a  cup  of  tea. 
"Doctor  says  you  can go as soon as you feel  up  to  it,"  the 
sergeant said.  "I must compliment you on your memory for  music, 
sir. It's just like listening to the real thing."
 As Taylor left,  the sergeant was recalled to the console. Biles 
had become excited about something.
  "Usual  thing until now,  sergeant," Biles was pointing  a  the 
screen.  "Likes golf and fast card.  Thinks his wife is  sexually 
boring.  Fancies himself at squash. But look at this one. She's a 
hooker.  Our friend goes on regular sorties into the Earls  Court 
red light district."
 Biles rubbed his chin angrily.  "Guys like Taylor are time bombs 
waiting for a subversive somewhere to light the fuse.  He's  wide 
open  to corruption.  I'm going to ask the computer to set  up  a 
scenario.  Mark my words,  sergeant,  you're about to see  Taylor 
sell a state secret - not for money, nor in the face of violence, 
but for services rendered.  I'm going to arrange a seduction, and 
see Taylor move in."
  "Not  Taylor,  sir,  but  his surrogate,"  the  sergeant  added 
plaintively.  "It  all happens inside the computer,  not in  real 
life."
 "Same thing," said Biles. "The computer is capable of simulating 
Taylor's decision-making processes.  After all,  a human  being's 
thinking  is  conditioned entirely by his  expreriences  and  our 
computer  has all of Taylor's experiences at  its  disposal.  The 
Taylors  of  this  world are law abiding  by  default.  They  are 
circumstantially innocent.  Anyone who is potentially willing  to 
commit a crime at the right price is a criminal."
 The sergeant found  his superior's attitude distasteful. "Hardly 
fair,  sir.  The computer can romp around Taylor's memory seeking 
out his weaknesses and fears.  What chance would any human stand? 
So what if he perform as you suspect,  sir?  He can't be charged. 
He can thus hardly be regarded as a criminal."
 "No, but he'll cease to be a civil servant. In fact, he'll never 
hold  a  position of  trust  again.  Either  way,  sergeant,  the 
information concerning personality will be secured with  Scotland 
Yard, and surveillance will do the rest."
  The  sergeant  cleared  his throat  in  readiness  to  make  an 
impertinent remark.  "Are you sure such information would not  be 
more  secure left inside Taylor's head,  sir - how secure is  New 
Scotland  Yard's  database?  I've heard  worrying  stories  about 
unauthorised taps.  If they're true,  we could actually be giving 
our adversaries a leg-up."
 Chief Inspector Biles gave the young sergeant a long, hard look, 
before replying.  "You've been with Special Branch five  minutes, 
sergeant.  What  makes you think you're in a position to  improve 
the procedures already?  I'd be interested to hear.  I don't care 
what you've read in the fringe press, you can take it from me, no 
one    accesses   police   or   government   databanks    without 
authorisation. No one. Every precaution is taken."
 Taylor was about to sip his coffee when he heard a noise in  the 
hall.  More mail? He switched off the TV, yawned, and went to the 
front  door.  There  on the mat was the now commonplace  pile  of 
envelopes  which  he would have to sift through before  his  wife 
became curious.
 Three envelopes contained exotic funware catalogues; one other a 
West  End  contact   magazine.   There  were  also  two   golfing 
accesories  special offers and a magazine for sports car  owners. 
He rolled up the saucy brochures,  furtively poked them into  his 
dressing-gown pocket,  and returned to the kitchen.  There he sat 
with his toast and marmalade, reading the sports car journal.
 Since the police enquiry, Taylor had been dismissed from his job 
in Cheltenham,  and had become the target of numerous  commercial 
enterprises  that seemed to know an awful lot about him.  He  had 
his suspicions,  but like the other to whom this had happened, it 
was prudent to remain silent.
Next time, a novelette called "Dumb oracle"...
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
           (313)558-5024 {14.4} (313)558-5517
              A BBS for text file junkies
              RPGNet GM File Archive Site
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
          The Adventure of the Missing Three-Quarter
  We were fairly accustomed to receive weird telegrams at
Baker Street, but I have a particular recollection of one which
reached us on a gloomy February morning, some seven or eight
years ago, and gave Mr. Sherlock Holmes a puzzled quarter of
an hour. It was addressed to him, and ran thus:
       Please await me. Terrible misfortune. Right wing three-
     quarter missing, indispensable to-morrow.
                                                      OVERTON.
  "Strand postmark, and dispatched ten thirty-six," said Holmes,
reading it over and over. "Mr. Overton was evidently considera-
bly excited when he sent it, and somewhat incoherent in conse-
quence. Well, well, he will be here, I daresay, by the time I
have looked through the Times, and then we shall know all about
it. Even the most insignificant problem would be welcome in
these stagnant days."
  Things had indeed been very slow with us, and I had learned
to dread such periods of inaction, for I knew by experience that
my companion's brain was so abnormally active that it was
dangerous to leave it without material upon which to work. For
years I had gradually weaned him from that drug mania which
had threatened once to check his remarkable career. Now I knew
that under ordinary conditions he no longer craved for this
artificial stimulus, but I was well aware that the fiend was not
dead but sleeping, and I have known that the sleep was a light
one and the waking near when in periods of idleness I have seen
the drawn look upon Holmes's ascetic face, and the brooding of
his deep-set and inscrutable eyes. Therefore I blessed this Mr.
Overton, whoever he might be, since he had come with his
enigmatic message to break that dangerous calm which brought
more peril to my friend than all the storms of his tempestuous
life.
  As we had expected, the telegram was soon followed by its
sender, and the card of Mr. Cyril Overton, Trinity College,
Cambridge, announced the arrival of an enormous young man,
sixteen stone of solid bone and muscle, who spanned the door-
way with his broad shoulders, and looked from one of us to the
other with a comely face which was haggard with anxiety.
  "Mr. Sherlock Holmes?"
  My companion bowed.
  "I've been down to Scotland Yard, Mr. Holmes. I saw In-
spector Stanley Hopkins. He advised me to come to you. He said
the case, so far as he could see, was more in your line than in
that of the regular police."
  "Pray sit down and tell me what is the matter."
  "It's awful, Mr. Holmes -- simply awful! I wonder my hair
isn't gray. Godfrey Staunton -- you've heard of him, of course?
He's simply the hinge that the whole team turns on. I'd rather
spare two from the pack, and have Godfrey for my three-quarter
line. Whether it's passing, or tackling, or dribbling, there's no
one to touch him, and then, he's got the head, and can hold us
all together. What am I to do? That's what I ask you, Mr.
Holmes. There's Moorhouse, first reserve, but he is trained as a
half, and he always edges right in on to the scrum instead of
keeping out on the touchline. He's a fine place-kick, it's true
but then he has no judgment, and he can't sprint for nuts. Why,
Morton or Johnson, the Oxford fliers, could romp round him.
Stevenson is fast enough, but he couldn't drop from the twenty-
five line, and a three-quarter who can't either punt or drop isn't
worth a place for pace alone. No, Mr. Holmes, we are done
unless you can help me to find Godfrey Staunton."
  My friend had listened with amused surprise to this long
speech, which was poured forth with extraordinary vigour and
earnestness, every point being driven home by the slapping of a
brawny hand upon the speaker's knee. When our visitor was
silent Holmes stretched out his hand and took down letter "S"
of his commonplace book. For once he dug in vain into that
mine of varied information.
  "There is Arthur H. Staunton, the rising young forger," said
he, "and there was Henry Staunton, whom I helped to hang, but
Godfrey Staunton is a new name to me."
  It was our visitor's turn to look surprised.
  "Why, Mr. Holmes, I thought you knew things," said he. "I
suppose, then, if you have never heard of Godfrey Staunton,
you don't know Cyril Overton either?"
  Holmes shook his head good humouredly.
  "Great Scott!" cried the athlete. "Why, I was first reserve for
England against Wales, and I've skippered the 'Varsity all this
year. But that's nothing! I didn't think there was a soul in
England who didn't know Godfrey Staunton, the crack three-
quarter, Cambridge, Blackheath, and five Internationals. Good
Lord! Mr. Holmes, where have you lived?"
  Holmes laughed at the young giant's naive astonishment.
  "You live in a different world to me, Mr. Overton -- a sweeter
and healthier one. My ramifications stretch out into many sec-
tions of society, but never, I am happy to say, into amateur
sport, which is the best and soundest thing in England. However,
your unexpected visit this morning shows me that even in that
world of fresh air and fair play, there may be work for me to do.
So now, my good sir, I beg you to sit down and to tell me,
slowly and quietly, exactly what it is that has occurred, and how
you desire that I should help you."
  Young Overton's face assumed the bothered look of the man
who is more accustomed to using his muscles than his wits, but
by degrees, with many repetitions and obscurities which I may
omit from his narrative, he laid his strange story before us.
  "It's this way, Mr. Holmes. As I have said, I am the skipper
of the Rugger team of Cambridge 'Varsity, and Godfrey Staunton
is my best man. To-morrow we play Oxford. Yesterday we all
came up, and we settled at Bentley's private hotel. At ten
o'clock I went round and saw that all the fellows had gone to
roost, for I believe in strict training and plenty of sleep to keep a
team fit. I had a word or two with Godfrey before he turned in.
He seemed to me to be pale and bothered. I asked him what was
the matter. He said he was all right -- just a touch of headache. I
bade him good-night and left him. Half an hour later, the porter
tells me that a rough-looking man with a beard called with a note
for Godfrey. He had not gone to bed, and the note was taken to
his room. Godfrey read it, and fell back in a chair as if he had
been pole-axed. The porter was so scared that he was going to
fetch me, but Godfrey stopped him, had a drink of water, and
pulled himself together. Then he went downstairs, said a few
words to the man who was waiting in the hall, and the two of
them went off together. The last that the porter saw of them,
they were almost running down the street in the direction of the
Strand. This morning Godfrey's room was empty, his bed had
never been slept in, and his things were all just as I had seen
them the night before. He had gone off at a moment's notice
with this stranger, and no word has come from him since. I don't
believe he will ever come back. He was a sportsman, was
Godfrey, down to his marrow, and he wouldn't have stopped his
training and let in his skipper if it were not for some cause that
was too strong for him. No: I feel as if he were gone for good,
and we should never see him again."
  Sherlock Holmes listened with the deepest attention to this
singular narrative.
  "What did you do?" he asked.
  "I wired to Cambridge to learn if anything had been heard of
him there. I have had an answer. No one has seen him."
  "Could he have got back to Cambridge?"
  "Yes, there is a late train -- quarter-past eleven."
  "But, so far as you can ascertain, he did not take it?"
  "No, he has not been seen."
  "What did you do next?"
  "I wired to Lord Mount-James."
  "Why to Lord Mount-James?"
  "Godfrey is an orphan, and Lord Mount-James is his nearest
relative -- his uncle, I believe."
  "Indeed. This throws new light upon the matter. Lord Mount-
James is one of the richest men in England."
  "So I've heard Godfrey say."
  "And your friend was closely related?"
  "Yes, he was his heir, and the old boy is nearly eighty -- cram
full of gout, too. They say he could chalk his billiard-cue with
his knuckles. He never allowed Godfrey a shilling in his life. for
he is an absolute miser, but it will all come to him right
enough."
  "Have you heard from Lord Mount-James?"
  "No."
  "What motive could your friend have in going to Lord
Mount-James?"
  "Well, something was worrying him the night before, and if it
was to do with money it is possible that he would make for his
nearest relative, who had so much of it, though from all I have
heard he would not have much chance of getting it. Godfrey was
not fond of the old man. He would not go if he could help it."
  "Well, we can soon determine that. If your friend was going
to his relative, Lord Mount-James, you have then to explain the
visit of this rough-looking fellow at so late an hour, and the
agitation that was caused by his coming."
  Cyril Overton pressed his hands to his head. "I can make
nothing of it," said he.
  "Well, well, I have a clear day, and I shall be happy to look
into the matter," said Holmes. "I should strongly recommend
you to make your preparations for your match without reference
to this young gentleman. It must, as you say, have been an
overpowering necessity which tore him away in such a fashion,
and the same necessity is likely to hold him away. Let us step
round together to the hotel, and see if the porter can throw any
fresh light upon the matter."
  Sherlock Holmes was a past-master in the art of putting a
humble witness at his ease, and very soon, in the privacy of
Godfrey Staunton's abandoned room, he had extracted all that
the porter had to tell. The visitor of the night before was not a
gentleman, neither was he a workingman. He was simply what
the porter described as a "medium-looking chap," a man of
fifty, beard grizzled, pale face, quietly dressed. He seemed
himself to be agitated. The porter had observed his hand trembling
when he had held out the note. Godfrey Staunton had crammed
the note into his pocket. Staunton had not shaken hands with the
man in the hall. They had exchanged a few sentences, of which
the porter had only distinguished the one word "time." Then
they had hurried off in the manner described. It was just half-
past ten by the hall clock.
  "Let me see," said Holmes, seating himself on Staunton's
bed. "You are the day porter. are you not?"
  "Yes, sir, I go off duty at eleven."
  "The night porter saw nothing, I suppose?"
  "No, sir, one theatre party came in late. No one else."
  "Were you on duty all day yesterday?"
  "Yes, sir."
  "Did you take any messages to Mr. Staunton?"
  "Yes, sir, one telegram."
  "Ah! that's interesting. What o'clock was this?"
  "About six."
  "Where was Mr. Staunton when he received it?"
  "Here in his room."
  "Were you present when he opened it?"
  "Yes, sir, I waited to see if there was an answer."
  "Well, was there?"
  "Yes, sir, he wrote an answer."
  "Did you take it?"
  "No, he took it himself."
  "But he wrote it in your presence?"
  "Yes, sir. I was standing by the door, and he with his back
turned to that table. When he had written it he said: 'All right,
porter. I will take this myself.' "
  "What did he write it with?"
  "A pen, sir."
  "Was the telegraphic form one of these on the table?"
  "Yes, sir, it was the top one."
  Holmes rose. Taking the forms. he carried them over to the
window and carefully examined that which was uppermost.
  "It is a pity he did not write in pencil," said he, throw-
ing them down again with a shrug of disappointment. "As
you have no doubt frequently observed, Watson, the impres-
sion usually goes through -- a fact which has dissolved many
a happy marriage. However, I can find no trace here. I rejoice,
however to perceive that he wrote with a broad-pointed
quill pen, and I can hardly doubt that we will find some
impression upon this blotting-pad. Ah, yes, surely this is the
very thing!"
  He tore off a strip of the blotting-paper and turned towards us
the following hieroglyphic:
  Cyril Overton was much excited. "Hold it to the glass!" he
cried.
  "That is unnecessary," said Holmes. "The paper is thin, and
the reverse will give the message. Here it is." He turned it over,
and we read:
  "So that is the tail end of the telegram which Godfrey Staunton
dispatched within a few hours of his disappearance. There are at
least six words of the message which have escaped us; but what
remains -- 'Stand by us for God's sake!' -- proves that this young
man saw a formidable danger which approached him, and from
which someone else could protect him. 'Us,' mark you! Another
person was involved. Who should it be but the pale-faced,
bearded man, who seemed himself in so nervous a state? What,
then, is the connection between Godfrey Staunton and the bearded
man? And what is the third source from which each of them
sought for help against pressing danger? Our inquiry has already
narrowed down to that."
  "We have only to find to whom that telegram is addressed," I
suggested.
  "Exactly, my dear Watson. Your reflection, though profound,
had already crossed my mind. But I daresay it may have come to
your notice that, if you walk into a postoffice and demand to see
the counterfoil of another man's message, there may be some
disinclination on the part of the officials to oblige you. There is
so much red tape in these matters. However, I have no doubt that
with a little delicacy and finesse the end may be attained.
Meanwhile, I should like in your presence, Mr. Overton, to go
through these papers which have been left upon the table."
  There were a number of letters, bills, and notebooks, which
Holmes turned over and examined with quick, nervous fingers
and darting, penetrating eyes. "Nothing here," he said, at last.
"By the way, I suppose your friend was a healthy young fellow --
nothing amiss with him?"
  "Sound as a bell."
  "Have you ever known him ill?"
  "Not a day. He has been laid up with a hack, and once he
slipped his knee-cap, but that was nothing."
  "Perhaps he was not so strong as you suppose. I should think
he may have had some secret trouble. With your assent, I will
put one or two of these papers in my pocket, in case they should
bear upon our future inquiry."
  "One moment -- one moment!" cried a querulous voice, and
we looked up to find a queer little old man, jerking and twitching
in the doorway. He was dressed in rusty black, with a very broad-
brimmed top-hat and a loose white necktie -- the whole effect
being that of a very rustic parson or of an undertaker's mute.
Yet, in spite of his shabby and even absurd appearance, his voice
had a sharp crackle, and his manner a quick intensity which
commanded attention.
  "Who are you, sir, and by what right do you touch this
gentleman's papers?" he asked.
  "I am a private detective, and I am endeavouring to explain
his disappearance."
  "Oh, you are, are you? And who instructed you, eh?"
  "This gentleman, Mr. Staunton's friend, was referred to me
by Scotland Yard."
  "Who are you, sir?"
  "I am Cyril Overton."
  "Then it is you who sent me a telegram. My name is Lord
Mount-James. I came round as quickly as the Bayswater bus
would bring me. So you have instructed a detective?"
  "Yes, sir."
  "And are you prepared to meet the cost?"
  "I have no doubt, sir, that my friend Godfrey, when we find
him, will be prepared to do that."
  "But if he is never found, eh? Answer me that!"
  "In that case. no doubt his family --"
  "Nothing of the sort, sir!" screamed the little man. "Don't
look to me for a penny -- not a penny! You understand that, Mr.
Detective! I am all the family that this young man has got, and I
tell you that I am not responsible. If he has any expectations it is
due to the fact that I have never wasted money, and I do not
propose to begin to do so now. As to those papers with which
you are making so free, I may tell you that in case there should
be anything of any value among them, you will be held strictly
to account for what you do with them."
  "Very good, sir," said Sherlock Holmes. "May I ask, in the
meanwhile, whether you have yourself any theory to account for
this young man's disappearance?"
  "No, sir, I have not. He is big enough and old enough to look
after himself, and if he is so foolish as to lose himself, I entirely
refuse to accept the responsibility of hunting for him."
  "I quite understand your position," said Holmes, with a
mischievous twinkle in his eyes. "Perhaps you don't quite un-
derstand mine. Godfrey Staunton appears to have been a poor
man. If he has been kidnapped, it could not have been for
anything which he himself possesses. The fame of your wealth
has gone abroad, Lord Mount-James, and it is entirely possible
that a gang of thieves have secured your nephew in order to gain
from him some information as to your house, your habits, and
your treasure."
  The face of our unpleasant little visitor turned as white as his
neckcloth.
  "Heavens, sir, what an idea! I never thought of such villainy!
What inhuman rogues there are in the world! But Godfrey is a
fine lad -- a staunch lad. Nothing would induce him to give his
old uncle away. I'll have the plate moved over to the bank this
evening. In the meantime spare no pains, Mr. Detective! I beg
you to leave no stone unturned to bring him safely back. As to
money, well, so far as a fiver or even a tenner goes you can
always look to me."
  Even in his chastened frame of mind, the noble miser could
give us no information which could help us, for he knew little of
the private life of his nephew. Our only clue lay in the truncated
telegram, and with a copy of this in his hand Holmes set forth to
find a second link for his chain. We had shaken off Lord
Mount-James, and Overton had gone to consult with the other
members of his team over the misfortune which had befallen
them.
  There was a telegraph-office at a short distance from the hotel.
We halted outside it.
  "It's worth trying, Watson," said Holmes. "Of course, with
a warrant we could demand to see the counterfoils, but we have
not reached that stage yet. I don't suppose they remember faces
in so busy a place. Let us venture it."
  "I am sorry to trouble you," said he, in his blandest manner,
to the young woman behind the grating; "there is some small
mistake about a telegram I sent yesterday. I have had no answer,
and I very much fear that I must have omitted to put my name at
the end. Could you tell me if this was so?"
  The young woman turned over a sheaf of counterfoils.
  "What o'clock was it?" she asked.
  "A little after six."
  "Whom was it to?"
  Holmes put his finger to his lips and glanced at me. "The last
words in it were 'for God's sake,' " he whispered, confidentially;
"I am very anxious at getting no answer."
  The young woman separated one of the forms.
  "This is it. There is no name," said she, smoothing it out
upon the counter.
  "Then that, of course, accounts for my getting no answer,"
said Holmes. "Dear me, how very stupid of me, to be sure!
Good-morning, miss, and many thanks for having relieved my
mind." He chuckled and rubbed his hands when we found
ourselves in the street once more.
  "Well?" I asked.
  "We progress, my dear Watson, we progress. I had seven
different schemes for getting a glimpse of that telegram, but I
could hardly hope to succeed the very first time."
  "And what have you gained?"
  "A starting-point for our investigation." He hailed a cab.
"King's Cross Station," said he.
  "We have a journey, then?"
  "Yes, I think we must run down to Cambridge together. All
the indications seem to me to point in that direction."
  "Tell me," I asked, as we rattled up Gray's Inn Road, "have
you any suspicion yet as to the cause of the disappearance? I
don't think that among all our cases I have known one where the
motives are more obscure. Surely you don't really imagine that
he may be kidnapped in order to give information against his
wealthy uncle?"
  "I confess, my dear Watson, that that does not appeal to me
as a very probable explanation. It struck me, however, as being
the one which was most likely to interest that exceedingly un-
pleasant old person."
  "It certainly did that; but what are your alternatives?"
  "I could mention several. You must admit that it is curious
and suggestive that this incident should occur on the eve of this
important match, and should involve the only man whose pres-
ence seems essential to the success of the side. It may, of course,
be a coincidence. but it is interesting. Amateur sport is free from
betting, but a good deal of outside betting goes on among the
public, and it is possible that it might be worth someone's while
to get at a player as the ruffians of the turf get at a race-horse.
There is one explanation. A second very obvious one is that this
young man really is the heir of a great property, however modest
his means may at present be, and it is not impossible that a plot to
hold him for ransom might be concocted."
  "These theories take no account of the telegram."
  "Quite true, Watson. The telegram still remains the only solid
thing with which we have to deal, and we must not permit our
attention to wander away from it. It is to gain light upon the
purpose of this telegram that we are now upon our way to
Cambridge. The path of our investigation is at present obscure,
but I shall be very much surprised if before evening we have not
cleared it up, or made a considerable advance along it."
  It was already dark when we reached the old university city.
Holmes took a cab at the station and ordered the man to drive to
the house of Dr. Leslie Armstrong. A few minutes later, we had
stopped at a large mansion on the busiest thoroughfare. We were
shown in, and after a long wait were at last admitted into the
consulting-room, where we found the doctor seated behind his
table.
  It argues the degree in which I had lost touch with my
profession that the name of Leslie Armstrong was unknown to
me. Now I am aware that he is not only one of the heads of the
medical school of the university, but a thinker of European
reputation in more than one branch of science. Yet even without
knowing his brilliant record one could not fail to be impressed by
a mere glance at the man, the square, massive face, the brooding
eyes under the thatched brows, and the granite moulding of the
inflexible jaw. A man of deep character, a man with an alert
mind, grim, ascetic, self-contained, formidable -- so I read Dr.
Leslie Armstrong. He held my friend's card in his hand, and
he looked up with no very pleased expression upon his dour
features.
  "I have heard your name. Mr. Sherlock Holmes. and I
am aware of your profession -- one of which I by no means
approve."
  "In that, Doctor, you will find yourself in agreement with
every criminal in the country," said my friend, quietly.
  "So far as your efforts are directed towards the suppression of
crime, sir, they must have the support of every reasonable
member of the community, though I cannot doubt that the offi-
cial machinery is amply sufficient for the purpose. Where your
calling is more open to criticism is when you pry into the secrets
of private individuals, when you rake up family matters which
are better hidden, and when you incidentally waste the time of
men who are more busy than yourself. At the present moment
for example, I should be writing a treatise instead of conversing
with you."
  "No doubt, Doctor; and yet the conversation may prove more
important than the treatise. Incidentally, I may tell you that we
are doing the reverse of what you very justly blame, and that we
are endeavouring to prevent anything like public exposure of
private matters which must necessarily follow when once the
case is fairly in the hands of the official police. You may look
upon me simply as an irregular pioneer, who goes in front of the
regular forces of the country. I have come to ask you about Mr.
Godfrey Staunton."
  "What about him?"
  "You know him, do you not?"
  "He is an intimate friend of mine."
  "You are aware that he has disappeared?"
  "Ah, indeed!" There was no change of expression in the
rugged features of the doctor.
  "He left his hotel last night -- he has not been heard of."
  "No doubt he will return."
  "To-morrow is the 'Varsity football match."
  "I have no sympathy with these childish games. The young
man's fate interests me deeply, since I know him and like him.
The football match does not come within my horizon at all."
  "I claim your sympathy, then, in my investigation of Mr.
Staunton's fate. Do you know where he is?"
  "Certainly not."
  "You have not seen him since yesterday?"
  "No, I have not."
  "Was Mr. Staunton a healthy man?"
  "Absolutely."
  "Did you ever know him ill?"
  "Never."
  Holmes popped a sheet of paper before the doctor's eyes.
"Then perhaps you will explain this receipted bill for thirteen
guineas, paid by Mr. Godfrey Staunton last month to Dr. Leslie
Armstrong, of Cambridge. I picked it out from among the papers
upon hls desk."
  The doctor flushed with anger.
  "I do not feel that there is any reason why I should render an
explanation to you, Mr. Holmes."
  Holmes replaced the bill in his notebook. "If you prefer a
public explanation, it must come sooner or later," said he. "I
have already told you that I can hush up that which others will be
bound to publish, and you would really be wiser to take me into
your complete confidence."
  "I know nothing about it."
  "Did you hear from Mr. Staunton in London?"
  "Certainly not."
  "Dear me, dear me -- the postoffice again!" Holmes sighed,
wearily. "A most urgent telegram was dispatched to you from
London by Godfrey Staunton at six-fifteen yesterday evening -- a
telegram which is undoubtedly associated with his disappearance --
and yet you have not had it. It is most culpable. I shall certainly
go down to the office here and register a complaint."
  Dr. Leslie Armstrong sprang up from behind his desk, and his
dark face was crimson with fury.
  "I'll trouble you to walk out of my house, sir," said he.
"You can tell your employer, Lord Mount-James, that I do not
wish to have anything to do either with him or with his agents.
No, sir -- not another word!" He rang the bell furiously. "John,
show these gentlemen out!" A pompous butler ushered us se-
verely to the door, and we found ourselves in the street. Holmes
burst out laughing.
  "Dr. Leslie Armstrong is certainly a man of energy and
character," said he. "I have not seen a man who, if he turns his
talents that way, was more calculated to fill the gap left by the
illustrious Moriarty. And now, my poor Watson, here we are,
stranded and friendless in this inhospitable town, which we
cannot leave without abandoning our case. This little inn just
opposite Armstrong's house is singularly adapted to our needs. If
you would engage a front room and purchase the necessaries for
the night, I may have time to make a few inquiries."
  These few inquiries proved, however, to be a more lengthy
proceeding than Holmes had imagined, for he did not return to
the inn until nearly nine o'clock. He was pale and dejected,
stained with dust, and exhausted with hunger and fatigue. A cold
supper was ready upon the table, and when his needs were
satisfied and his pipe alight he was ready to take that half comic
and wholly philosophic view which was natural to him when his
