before the wound filled with crimson, running over and spilling onto the
floor.
   Norbert's head spun dizzily and he was sure he was going to puke. His hand
didn't hurt much--yet, but it refused to move. Through the roaring in his
ears harsh, contrived laughter floated.
   When faced with imminent death (there was no doubt in his mind), soe men
will simply fold. Others however, will fight out of sheer desperation,
accepting hopeless odds over none at all. Norbert had always secretly thought
of himself as one of the former. So, apparently, did his tormentors. Then he
surprised them all.
   His knee shot up into Ace's crotch. Whatever this thing before him was, it
had something in common with a real human male. Ace dropped the knife and
folded to the ground with a groan that sounded as sincere as a three dollar
bill. His accomplices bent down to help him. Norbert lifted both feet and
slammed them down on the insteps of the punk holding him. A satisfyingly
human scream sounded in his ear as the pressure on his biceps vanished. He
blundered past his former captor and ran down the hallway. From somewhere
behind came a phony yell of outrage and then footsteps following.
   The whole weight of the world seemed to rest on his sneakers. Every step
was an effort. Blood poured from his hand, drenching his pants and the floor.
He wanted to wrap something around the wound but dared not stop to try.
   Around a corner was the rear exit. Twin steel doors with wired glass
windows showing blessed safety beyond. If he could just get out of the
building he would be safe. An inner voice told him this, the same voice that
told him he would die if he remained. He ran towards the doors, good hand
extended to open them.
   They were locked.
   It took him a second to regain his senses. He was on his ass in front of
the doors, which remained inviolate, except for a splatter of blood on one of
the windows. He felt his nose, which was squashed to one side. Broken. Warm
fluid poured down his face and stained his shirt. Why was there no pain?
   A voice from much too close behind: "He's around this corner!"
   He struggled to his feet. Next to the doors was a staircase leading to the
upper wing. Gripping the bannister with his good hand, he stumbled up it.
   The upper hall was just as deserted as the rest of the building. There
were rows of lockers on each side, with classroom doors interspersed between
them. He tried each door, but they were all locked. The only door that was
open led to the other stairwell. He paused for a long moment, staring down
the stairs. Panic, loss of blood, or something else made the distance down
stretch from feet to miles. His vision blurred as the vast, empty space
seemed to fill with fog...
   He caught himself a second before he would have fallen. Must have greyed
out there. It would have been bad if-
   "Gotcha!" Something slammed into his back and his pitched forward. His
extended his hands forward instinctively to cushion himself. His injured hand
hit the step just right and the bones, already weakened, snapped with a sound
like four pencils wrapped in cotton as his hand bent double in the middle of
the palm.
   Then there was pain. Incredible, undescribably agony that slammed up his
arm and racked his body, making the rest of his tumble downstairs seem
enjoyable by comparison.
   He came to a rest at the bottom with a dozen broken bones. The pain from
his ruined hand eclipsed all else, and it was all he could do to whimper as
he lay there in a heap.
   A shadow fell over him. Through a haze of pain he saw the man with the
wooden eyes grinning down at him. After a long moment he said, "You had to
make me mad. Now you're going to have your balls for breakfast... and your
heart for dessert." He knelt down, his knife held before him like a surgeon's
scalpel.
   Norbert had thought he had reached his limit of pain. He had been wrong.
His screams echoed echoed throughout the empty building loud and long until
they were choked off, as if somebody had jammed something in his mouth to
silence him.
                                    15
   Outside, it was raining.
   It was not simply the worst storm in recorded history. It was the worst
storm in the history of this ancient and decrepit planet. Raindrops the size
of refrigerators and weighing upwards of two thousand pounds each hammered
the landscape like bombs. Mach three winds tore at everything above ground.
Lightning bolts a mile wide blasted unbelievable craters. The land had been
long ago scoured down to bedrock for three hundred miles in every direction.
Outside of this area it was as calm as a mild summer's day.
   In the center of this destruction sat a castle of fine silver, untouched
by the fury that raged around it.
   Inside, Doug was crying. Pathetic sobs were wrung out of him, echoing
about the great dark chamber. Before him floated three spheres the size of
grapefruits. When he had banished his friends to their respective fates, the
spheres had appeared, all three glowing with fierce light. Now two of them
were dim, flickering unsteadily. The third had gone out completely.
   Remorse had overwhelmed him, evnveloping him in his own black cocoon of
misery. Why did they have to do it? They were his friends. If they hadn't
tried to take the cube away everything would have been all right. There was
no need. He wasn't hurting anybody. Anybody that mattered, anyway.
   But they had, and, in a fit of rage, he had banished them to their own
individual private hells. Exquisitely terrifying fates brought to life in
their own pocket realities courtesy of the Cube. He could almost feel their
agony as the spheres pulsed weaker before him. Soon they would all be dead,
and he would be damned forever.
   Why was he doing this? Why was he powerless to stop?
   A cold, bony hand fell on his shoulder. He jumped slightly, then tuned
around. Alice had left her brush and now stood beside him. Rags hung on her
rotting frame, her skin yellowed and flaked revealing moist white bone
underneath. Great lidless eyes stared at him from a parchment covered skull.
Maggots crawled in her hair, what there was of it. Her lower jawbone moved,
and though there was no apparatus to do so, she spoke.
   "You are not powerless. You can stop this any time you want."
   He stared at her incredulously for one long second, then said, "Shut up
and get back to work. I don't want to listen to you."
   "No." she replied. "You do want to listen to me, which is why I'm here.
You know what you're doing is wrong, and your indecision has released me-"
   "Go away." his voice was a sullen whimper. He didn't want to hear this...
   "-in hopes I might persuade you to do what you know is the right thing.
You're hurting people, lots of them, and the ones you love most of-"
   "GO AWAY!!" His voice had risen to a roar that literally shook the planet.
A blast of solid light shot from the cube, disintegrating her body in a
brilliant flash. From the resultant smoke cloud an irregular object clattered
heavily to the flagstones. The skull bounced and rolled a few feet, then came
to rest, its jawbone still moving like some manic wind-up toy. Her voice
persisted maddeningly.
   "-all. I won't go away. I can't. You yourself won't allow it. Bring them
back. Restore everything to the way it was before it's too late."
   The sight of her still moving skull (he had meant to blast her out of
exisitence) had unmanned him. The doubts that had plauged him for the last
few weeks became vast, impenatrable walls. It now seemed he had actually been
standing outside himself, watching in helpess, horrified fascination as some
unknown madman took control of his body and will, capering about and
rearranging literally everything to suit his whims. it hadn't been him. It
hadn't been *him*!
   Had it?
   "Before it's too late!" the skull implored.
   "I... I don't know how." He didn't. He didn't know how to do anything
anymore. The greatest power in the universe rested in his hands (his mind,
whatever.) and he was scared to use it. He suddenly realized it for what it
really was: not a playtoy, not an obedient servant, but a great raging beast
with capabilities far beyond his meager imagination. It controlled him as
much or more than he controlled it. Now he felt trying to use that power
would be like a normal person trying to grab a naked high voltage wire, quite
possibly with the same results. His voice wavered, "I can't. I just don't
know..."
   The skull was silent for a moment, considering. Then it spoke again.
"Maybe you could, with help."
   Help? Yes! A powerful ray of hope tore through his fear. He wasn't alone.
There were others who could control the cube as well. Maybe they would know
what to do!
   All doubts forgotten, he once again grasped the power, welcoming it like
an old, familiar friend. The three spheres swelled before him suddenly, then
burst like thunder...
   Norbert sat up, his head aching. What had happened? Last thing he
remembered was the three of them standing before Doug, trying to talk reason
with him, then... poof. Sounds penetrated through the ringing in his ears,
slowly resolving themselves into soft feminine sobs. He looked over and saw
Jean cradling Frank's still form. What was wrong? Deep inside, he thought he
knew. Shakily he stood up and walked over to her. he kneeled down before
them. Frank's eyes were closed and a serene expression rested on his
features. After a long moment Jean looked up into Norbert's eyes, tears still
rolling down her cheeks. With an effort she summoned up a choked voice.
   "He's dead..."
                                    16
   Frank was stone cold dead. She touched his face. Cold, unresponding, like
wax. She laid his head down gently on the stone floor. She picked up his
hands and placed them on his chest. Unbidden, a tear fell on his face and
rolled slowly down his cheek. Jean sniffled twice, then looked up.
   Doug kneeled at the far end of the chamber, watching with wounded eyes.
Slowly he shook his head, denying responsibility for everything.
   Norbert never had very much experience with people, but still he thought
he knew what was going to happen next.
   He was right.
   "You baaasstaaarrrddd!!!" Lithe muscles tensed, she sprung at Doug with an
animal scream of rage. Norbert managed to jump and grab her, pinning her in a
bear hug. She hurled curses at Doug and Norbert as the most powerful man in
the universe cowered back whimpering like a beaten dog.
   Strong he had never been. Jean's rage had raised her adrenaline levels
until she became almost impossible to hold. If she broke free, Norbert knew,
she would injure Doug. And Doug would let her. And the cube, responding to
Doug's pain and quite beyond his control, would react in ways that were
terrifying to contemplate.
   Finally Jean collapsed in Norbert's arms, sobbing exhaustedly. He eased
his grip on her slightly, remaining on guard. Now that the air had cleared
for a moment, he was able think again. The solution, he knew, was obvious. He
turned to Doug and spoke three words.
   Stunned silence decended over the chamber.
   Jean turned her face up to him. Terror, confusion, and a wild glimmer of
hope fought within her eyes. "What... did you say?"
   Norbert continued to face Doug sternly and repeated in a quiet, commanding
voice, "Bring him back."
   Doug cowered farther back into the corner (the corner moving back to
accomodate him) and whimpered, "I-I can't, you don't underst-"
   "BRING HIM BACK NOW!!!" Jean surged wildly in Norbert's arms, almost
breaking free. "Do it now, you worthless piece of shit, or I'll break your
neck!"
   The air filled with static tension. Everyone's skin tingled and felt
tight. Doug had curled up into a fetal position, arms tight over his head.
The cube hovered over them, shining with a light that felt warm and benign.
In this moment Norbert suddenly noticed that there was a skull lying on its
side against one wall. Alert eyes still rested in its sockets and he knew
they were watching him. Suddenly he heard a low groan.
   The skull's eyes moved to stare behind him.
   The first thing Frank saw as he opened his eyes was Jean's beautiful face.
In that split instant, even before full awareness returned, he knew he loved
her. He didn't care what the situation was, or how desperate, or whether the
world might end in the next second. The only thing that mattered now, right
NOW, was that he loved this woman with all his heart and soul and he must
tell her about it, somehow. His voice failed him, so he simply reached up,
wrapped his arms around her, and pulled her down to him. he felt her sobbing
quietly into his chest and knew it was good, that everything would be fine
now. Though she spoke no words, he knew she loved him too, and her love
filled him with a great golden warmth, slowly but surely obliterating the
chilling memories of the terrifying emptiness he had just been rescued
from...
   Norbert watched the lovers for a moment, then turned away to give them
their privacy. He studied the tattered skull with the eyes, which studied him
back. The skull's jawbone moved and a voice echoed in his mind: "What'sa
matter? See something green?"
   He jumped, startled and a little embarassed. He turned back to Jean and
Frank, privacy be damned.
   Frank was getting up unsteadily, Jean supporting him. He walked over to
Norbert, gaining strength and balance with each step. He gave a tired smile
to show that he was all right. In a voice that betrayed only the slightest
shakiness, he asked, "What did I miss?"
   Norbert relayed the events of the last few moments, as he understood them.
   Frank rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Doug's losing it. The power's
frightening him now for some reason."
   "Which makes him more dangerous than ever." Norbert reminded him.
   "It's also our best chance." Frank replied. He walked over to Doug, who
was still curled into a ball. He flinched away from Frank's touch.
   "Go away."
   "C'mon, Doug, you know I can't. We've still got work to do. We need the
cube, and your help, to restore everything to normal."
   Douglas looked up at him with pity in his eyes, as if Frank were an idiot
child. "You don't understand, do you? You just don't know what it's like. It
can't be done."
   "Of course it can." Frank argued gently, mindful of who he was talking to.
"The power can do anything. You said it yourself. I'd do it myself, if I had
control of the cube-"
   Sudden, wild hope filled Doug's voice. "You want it?"
   "What?" Frank responded brilliantly, taken somewhat aback.
   "The cube. You want it?"
   "Well, I-"
   "Then take it."
   Douglas released control of the cube. They all felt it, like an immensely
tall tower falling, with the cube at its tip. The base of the tower, the
control nexus of the machine, sank into the soft gossamer of Frank's mind
with all the cold immense weight of the cube behind it. He felt the power,
the incredible electricity infuse his very being. In one brilliant instant he
knew. He KNEW!
   And then he screamed...
                                    17
   Omniscience.
   A new door opened in his mind. The blinders had been removed, and for the
first time in his life he could really see. Everything. A terrifying flood of
information infinitely beyond human comprehension exploded in his mind,
threatening to wash his awareness away to oblivion, leaving him a burned out,
mindless husk.
   Too much. He narrowed his vision. A thought was all it took.
   Now the spiral of the Milky Way galaxy was in his mind's eye. He saw every
detail simultaneously down to the basic components of every atom comprising
its structure. He reeled at a pattern far too vast for his human conciousness
to grasp. It was meaningless, all too meaningless. He found himself beginning
to slip into an ennui from which he would never return.
   He narrowed one more time to a magnificent blue-white globe floating
around some minor star somewhere in the outskirts of the galaxy.
   Home. Self. Here.
   Something was wrong. He still couldn't think, encumbered by the weight of
the information his mind was trying to assimilate. Dimly he sensed that this
was dangerous, and not just to himself. He narrowed his focus for the last
time.
   He was seeing now with eyes. He was in a large room. Too dark. Florescent
fixtures blazed along the ceiling, bringing illumination up to more than
adequete levels. Much better. Four beings in the room besides himself. He had
some difficulty telling them apart, as a mortal man might have telling one
ant from another. But one stood out from the others. Female. Body mostly
destroyed but life force still bright and vital. Trapped in a dead husk by
the Predecessor. He sensed a... wrongness about this, and set out to correct
   Since Doug had uttered those final words, there had been silence. Jean and
Norbert watched anxiously as Frank stood bathed in the glow of the cube, eyes
focused on some distant, unknowable point. Then the fluorescents appeared on
the ceiling. Then they heard a soft pop as air was pushed aside to make room
for something materializing. Norbert turned to the source of the sound and
gasped.
   Alice Ebert stood intact on the exact spot where once rested an animated
skull. She was dressed in jeans and a loose fitting sweater and appeared in
perfect health, very unlike the first time he saw her those weeks ago. She
looked down at her hands, puzzled, then all uncertainty left her face as she
rushed over to Doug. They sat on the cold stone floor in each other's arms,
quietly sobbing like lovers long separated but at last reunited.
   A simple matter to restore her body and adjust her memories a little.
Frank was not sure why he did this, but some distant part of his mind told
him that a balance had been restored.
   He turned his attention elsewhere. Another balance, one much more
critical, needed to be restored. He turned his vision deep into the structure
of the universe itself, far deeper than mortals even imagined existed yet.
   Pure lines of force. Brilliant, crystalline, they rayed out from every
particle to every other in the universe. They formed a vast, incomprehensible
pattern. But the pattern had been sundered. In working its changes, the cube
had fractured and severed many of the lines, until the whole pattern
threatened to buckle and reality itself would dissolve into chaos, entropy,
then total dissolution. Nothing would be left.
   With the cube's aid, he turned his mind to the greatest task that would
ever be demanded of it. One by one, he began reconnecting the lines. Some of
them wouldn't return to their original places so he improvised. New patterns
formed from the old.
   The castle dissappeared. The five of them were left standing in the middle
of a grassy meadow. Jean looked up and saw the sky turn green, then red, then
a shade of blue slightly duller than before. A slight twinge of nausea shot
through her as gravity pulsed beneath her feet, making her about four pounds
lighter. Looking at her feet she saw she was casting three shadows. Yes,
there were three suns, one on the horizon, one at high noon, and one way the
hell off to the north, if that still *was* north. Then clouds, instantly
filling the sky. A roaring deluge of flaming hailstones erupted from the
clouds, only to vanish before touching the ground. Then it was night, with a
green sun burning brilliantly in the naked airless sky.
   Then things started to get weird.
   The stars rained from the sky and landed in the field around them, quietly
smouldering. Norbert bent down to touch one and pulled his blistered hand
back quickly. An enormous futuristic city sprang from the dirt around them
and dissolved to dust in the space of one second. The green sun went
supernova, becoming a huge shaeless blob from horizon to horizon and filling
the sky with a great tearing roar and turning it a color never seen before in
the universe. The ground shuddered as though somebody had dropped the moon on
the earth. Norbert supposed that was entirely possible. A great bald head
glared at them angrily from *over* the horizon. Douglas shrieked and fainted.
Then the walls of te chamber sprang up around thm and they were safe from the
chaos outside. For the moment. Frank's expression remained distant and he had
not moved since all this started.
   Another connection made. The pattern was becoming stable, if not exactly
familiar. Deep in the still mortal recesses of his brain Frank realized what
Doug had been trying to tell him. He could no more restore this mangled
tapestry to its former state any more than a gorilla could assemble a 5000
piece jigsaw puzzle. It was too far beyond him to be anything but ludicrous.
Perhaps the cube itself could do anything, but the limits of the mind
controlling it was another matter entirely. He was almost done.
   An hour later, Jean asked tiredly, "What's happening now?"
   "No idea." Norbert sighed, just as tired. Nothing had happened since the
walls had returned, and he hoped Frank was going to return to the real world
soon as the chamber's door wouldn't open and Frank had thoughtlessly
neglected to include a bathroom in the room's reconstruction. Somebody
squawked behind him, and he turned around.
   Doug was sitting up, staring at something they couldn't see. Alice was
trying to get him to lay back down. "Honey, you've got to rest. You've been
through so much l-"
   "Something's happening." Doug's quavering voice cut through them, leaving
a vauge sense of terror. Something *was* happening.
   Finished.
   He mentally stood back a moment and admired his handiwork. Not bad, for a
human. Where had he heard that before?
   There was one problem left: the cube had to go. It was possible he could
expel the cube from his mind, but it would only gravitate towards another
like a magnet. His brief but intimate association with the cube had taught
him a great many things. When he returned to normal existance, he would not
be the same person. He might not even be human.
   He had made the cube. He had instilled it with irresistable power. He
could destroy it. He knew how, even though all his insticts screamed against
trying it. If the cube could do anything, it could surely do this.
   He commanded the cube to unmake itself.
   There was only shocked silence in the chamber as Frank collapsed to the
floor, unmoving, unbreathing.
                                    18
   It was spectacular. He saw past the six chrome sides to the true essense
of the cube itself. Not a cube at all but a living, breathing thing of a
hundred dimensions. Cubes within cubes within cubes, frameworks of energy
revolving and moving in designs of unspeakable power. It lived, as it was too
powerfu not to, but it was mindless. it needed a mind supplied by a sentient
host. But this time mind had commanded suicide, and the cube could do nothing
but attempt to comply.
   Power without, power within. Great tides of energy raged against the sides
of the cube, only to be turned back by the far greater power inside. It was
like a gentle spring breeze trying to destroy a mountain. But the forces
involved here were far more intense. Something had to give eventually.
   Something did.
   Frank realized his mistake a fraction too late. Where the cube had rested
before him was now a ragged, gaping hole. The seething mass that was the
cube's essense had shot through the hole and into the blackness beyond.
Frank, still connected with the cube, found himself pulled through the hole
as well.
   Meanwhile, back in the material world:
   Jean was cradling Frank's head. His mouth hung slack, and his eyes stared
at nothing in particular. He did not breathe. When she looked up at Norbert,
her eyes were bright with barely controlled tears. In a small, halting voice,
she said, "He'll be back. It's not real. None of it's real. He can't die
again. He just has one more thing to take care of. One thing. He'll be back."
She retured her gaze to those blind eyes, softly whispering, "I love you,
baby. I love you so much. Please come back..."
   Sick to his heart, Norbert turned away. He knew Frank was beyong hearing
now.
   But Frank did hear. Her lovely voice echoed across the incredible gulf in
which he now floated. The mindless shriek of the cube faded behind him as he
severed his final link with it, lest he be carried to whatever fate awaited
   He was outside the universe.
                                    19
   It was a void, vast, immeasurable. But by no means empty. Great pastel
spheres floated like bubbles in the black space. There were billions of them,
fading with distance to specks of light. They were every color known to man
and a vast number more that weren't. They were transparent; he could see into
them. Trillions of specks of light sparkled within. He suddenly realized what
they were. Other universes. The specks were stars, or perhaps galaxies. Who
knew?
   Now that the final echoes of the cube's departure had faded from his ears,
he discovered that the void around him wasn't entirely silent. Faint at
first, then growing louder as he hearing adjusted.
   Music.
   Ephermal, ghostly humming from the spheres themselves. They changed in
tone and pitch in alien rhythem. All the spheres were singing (what else
could he call it?), forming a chorus of unthinkably vast scale and incredible
beauty. Tears of joy at the music ran down nonexistant cheeks.
   Something drew his attention downward, towards one of the closest spheres,
shining with a pale maroon light. A hellishly brilliant spark of light was
falling towards its surface. The machine. It struck the surface with a huge
flash and the whole sphere recoiled at the violation. It fell silent for a
moment, a heart between beats, then began singing again with its own harsh
rhythem, becoming a note of discord among the chorus.
   The machine was somebody else's problem now. Frank hoped they would be
able to deal with it better than he had. He had done all he could.
   "Ffffffffrrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnkkkkkkkkk..." Jean's voice,
distorted to a low moan by the time differential between her world and...
here. Her voice rolled and echoed among the spheres, causing more discord,
like a band that had been distracted and lost its place.
   He could see her face through the hole still before him. He knew he was
actually seeing through his real eyes in his body back in the real world. But
somehow her face was fuzzy, indistinct. He was losing contact. He had to make
his way back to the hole quickly, before it closed forever, leaving him
stranded here.
   I'm coming, honey.
   The hole grew closer and her face clearer as he approached. He was coming
back, coming home. To her. To his friends. To all the familiar comforts of
the known world that he suddenly, achingly missed. But most of all was coming
back to the warmth of her love and he knew, deep in his heart, he would
never, never leave again.
   The spheres resumed their song, much more powerfully than before. Their
eerie, electric chorus struck a chord deep within him, stirring some dimly
understood longing that went back deep into his ancestry, long before life
even existed on earth.
   (Stay. Stay with us.)
   He hesitated, torn. Here existed secrets no human would ever uncover, not
in a billion years of evolution. The Other Universes called to him, inviting
him to explore their wonders. To return would mean being tortured forever by
the memory of a place he could never see again. The music washed over him,
filling him with a joy no earthly emotion could hope to match. One minute.
Just one minute more to enjoy the music. Then he would come back, never to
leave again. One more minute.
   Jean's voice echoed out to Frank again, but he could no longer hear her.
He was completely enraptured by the music of the spheres.
                                    20
   The weather was appropriate for Frank's funeral. Grey sheets of drizzle
pelted down, dampening the spirits and clothes of those attending quite
effectively. It seemed the heavens themselves were mourning the loss of one
who had given everything to save... everything.
   The minister finished the graveside service in a monotonous, bored voice
and closed his book quietly. After a moment of silence the small crowd, not
reluctantly, broke up and made for their cars. The cough and rumble of
engines starting, soon fading with distance. Eventually there was only four
left, standing beneath a makeshift canvas shelter, staring down on a pathetic
mound of dirt that meant far more than the world would ever know. The cause
of death was listed as 'heart attack'. The true story would be forever sealed
in the hearts and minds of the four, and would eventually die with them.
   Norbert put his arm tentatively around Jean's shoulders. She flinched, but
did not move away. Norbert always hated funerals, but it was a thousand times
worse when it was the funeral of a good friend. His heart was heavy, but he
knew his pain was not a fraction of what Jean must be feeling. She had loved
Frank. He would have traded everything he had in the world for the words that
would break through her grief and make her smile once again. Her wounds ran
deep, but were not mortal and would eventually heal with time. But still he
felt he had to say something.
   Effecting a lighthearted tone that sounded about as real as a three dollar
bill, he said, "He's not really dead, you know. He's somewhere out there,
exploring, probably. You know how he always wanted to know how everything
worked. When he gets tired of floating around the universe, he might even
come back."
   She was looking at him now, her expression unreadable. Sudden terror
seized him. Had he salved her pain, or driven a wedge in even deeper,
bringing forth a new freshet of grief? Why had he opened his mouth at all?
   But she hugged him, her face tight against his chest. "I know you're
trying to help." she whispered. "Just hold me, please, and be quiet." He did,
and although he thought he might have done more damage than good he realized
that he had broken through and maybe, with just a little care, things might
be all right after all. He felt his pulse quicken imperceptably at her
closeness and wondered just how deep his feelings ran for this woman, anyway.
He put the thought down as quickly as it came up and berated himself for a
sick, opportunistic creep.
   Doug stared at the grave for a long time. Then he fell to his knees and
broke out crying in harsh, braying sobs. Alice was right down there with him,
trying to be comforting, but he would have none of it.
   "I did it. I killed him! All my fault! If I just hadn't-"
   "That's enough!"
   They were all staring at Jean, who had pulled away from Norbert and now
glared at Doug with fierce, bright eyes. She walked over to him with
deliberate strides and knelt in front of him, putting her hands on his
cringing shoulders. She stared into his eyes, then her expression softened.
"It's not your fault." she said gently. "It's our's. We were playing with
something that was never meant to be disturbed. You ended up with the final
result. It was too much for anyone to handle. But it was not just your
responsibility. The machine controlled you more than you controlled it. Frank
died," and she swallowed hard at this, "Frank died to correct a mistake we
all made. It was his choice. You did not do it to him. Do you understand?"
   Doug nodded numbly. Jean sighed wearily and they got up. She walked back
to Norbert, leaving Doug and Alice to their privacy. She envied them the life
they were going to have. The life she could never share with Frank now. As
she passed Norbert she said, "Let's go, okay? I need a good stiff drink and
some sleep. Tomorrow we have to get on with out lives."
   Norbert replied something in the affirmative and followed behind.
Inwardly, Jean wondered at this newfound strength that welled up within her.
It suddenly seemed that there would be a tomorrow, a whole string of
tomorrows that extended into a future that seemed far brighter than it had an
hour ago. A future that, she discovered, would ideally include Norbert. After
all, somebody had to look after him and keep him out of trouble...
   The drizzle had stopped and the clouds broken up into puffs of grey and
white, revealing a dazzling grey-green sky. Sol Alpha was high overhead while
Sol Beta rested on the horizon, still covered by clouds. The picture jarred
Jean as she sat down in Norbert's car. It was a reminder that only four
people in the world would ever know that the sky was once blue and held only
one sun. It served as a reminder that their whole world had changed, and she
knew virtually nothing of it. Tomorrow she would begin taking steps to
correct that. Somehow she had a feeling that her grief would fade soon. She
would be much too busy to dwell upon it for a long, long time.
   She had a whole brand new world to discover.
                                 The End.
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)
 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 Salted Slug Systems                      Strange              408-454-9368
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   415-567-7043
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102
 Tomorrow's 0rder of Magnitude            Finger_Man           415-961-9315
 My Dog Bit Jesus                         Suzanne D'Fault      510-658-8078
   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
       arcane knowledge, political extremism, diversive sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.
  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.
                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
Ashtray and Gherkin
 Just to look at this brazen, yet fruity oiled hunk of beef, you'd
never guess that he'd been bald, unwanted and held a number of
unpopular opinions on mobilisation of NATO forces in the event of
James Reyne (1) becoming popular in Albania.
 `Yes.  It was.. true.  There I was... young, wide enough to be a
traffic island, yet undeniably starting to resemble popular cue-ball
analogies.  I looked old... I felt old... and I forget the rest...'
 So Rob came to Ashtray and Gherkin, where our trained team of ballet
psychologist follicle healers quickly detected the problem:  Rob had
glued his wig on upside-down.
 `I had, in fact, glued my wig on upside-down.'
 So, after years of specially focussed research and selling Rob's
furniture, we advised him of our special `Weld a Helmet to your Skull'
plan.
 `It sure worked for me!  Now, no-one knows whether I have hair or
not, and my helmet stays put whether I am weight-lifting under water,
dry-river kayaking or just shaking my head around to stop the medulla
to stop from sliding down the one end.  And my social life... the only
word is wof. Sorry, "wow".'
 `It sure is!  Even Rob's little haymaker runs at four hundred cycles
over recommended voltage with the new Ashtray and Gherkin Helmet
Fusion program!'
 What was right for Rob may not be right for you, but if you're bald,
and thus invariably the last sausage roll on the plate when it comes
to choosing up sides for acceptable company, our qualified team of
skateboard mechanics will find something to weld to your head as well.
Be a talking point at parties!  Pick up strange women!  Instantly
increase your knowledge of mediaeval cricket stats!  Why waste time
sitting alone in your room?  Come hear the music play, come in to
Ashtray and Gherkin for an obligation-free blowtorch test graft and
soon you, like Rob, can be popular, and heavier from the neck up.
 `Helmet Fusion sure worked on moo - on me, and now I pick up
shortwave broadcasts.'
 Ashtray and Gherkin - the Helmet Fusion Specialists for over one
thousand commercials.
The Slopes of Te Aroha
`I haven't felt so relaxed in months,' said Dianne as we walked hand-in-hand
along the dirt road. We had just spent most of the day paddling around in
the Waiorongomai Stream, which runs out of the valley of the same name.
Dianne was an Australian hosteller, now on her third day at the hostel. The
hostel had been unusually busy the night before (eight people) and she
wanted to spend her last day at Te Aroha away from people. I had suggested
she try the Waiorongomai for a bit of skinny-dipping and soul-searching, but
she didn't want to go alone. Since it was a warm March day and Dianne was
well-spoken -- and was tall, blonde, and attractively built, with a sweet face
besides -- I had gone along. (Well, what else could I do?)
    The Waiorongomai Valley lay about six kilometres south of the hostel. I
was wont to go there frequently, alone or in company. When I went alone,
I generally cycled. When I went with hostellers, I generally walked. The walk
this day -- out of town along the road that hugs the feet of the Kaimais, then
turn off and walk along a dirt road through farms until the car park near the
site of the old gold battery --took about an hour. At the car park, we
climbed over fallen rocks and forded the icy stream (a six-metre journey that
washed away all the dust and sweat that the six-kilometre journey preceding
it had coated on us) and struck off up the valley along one of the many
paths that thread the area. Before long this brought us back to the stream,
at the point where most local picnickers would stop. We did not stop,
however, for my favourite spots were reachable only by people willing to
wade upstream a considerable distance, and involved a bit of scrambling over
rocks besides. This was not a drawback, for without these obstacles there
would have been nowhere in the valley worth bathing nude. Too many casual
passers-through would have spoiled it.
    Eventually we reached the nearer of my two preferred spots -- a swirl-pool
about ten metres across, with a wide area in the middle where the water was
too deep to stand in. When I first came there it was much smaller, but I
could see the ruins of a rock-dam at the downstream exit. With great labour
I had rebuilt the dam, replacing the large boulders that some flood had
washed away and filling the interstices with smaller rocks and gravel. Some
boulders bigger than a bull had been so balanced that with just a little
sapping I was able to topple their round bellies into the holes dug for them
and so bring their flat tops into perfect position for sunning on. Although
several paths ran along the valley walls on either side, I had satisfied myself
that this spot, at least, was overlooked by none of them, unless someone
cared to scramble down a muddy slope with no guarantee of getting back up
again.
    Arrived, we stripped off and dived in. I was first out again, and was vastly
amused by Dianne's expression as she waded out after, goose-pimpled and
puckered all over. The wading we had done on our way upstream had not
prepared her for the coldness of the deep pool, and I had not warned her.
But I grinned at her and dived back in to show that it wasn't that bad.
    That bad or no, despite vigourous swimming and paddling, ten minutes of
the water was more than enough, and we crawled out. I had arranged two
rocks side-by-side, with a third facing them, all within easy distance for quiet
conversation. After the water, the sensation of sun-warmed rock against my
back and mild autumn sun on my face was bliss. And so we lay there, in the
green-walled grey stone valley, baking slowly, talking in the relaxed way that
the location allowed. There was something about the calls of the birds and
the occasional crackles and louder rustling of the greenery, and the chuckling
of the water as it flowed over rocks and falls, that denied the outside world
access to the valley. Problems and worries washed away with the water, down
and away, out of sight and out of mind.
    Dianne was in NZ on the first stopover of a trip that would take her to
the US and back via the Pacific Islands. She had just broken with her
husband, and hoped to use the trip to regain her own identity and rest up
preparatory to building a new life when she returned to Oz. She was strongly
anti-male at this time. `I'm a man,' I said. `Yes,' she said, `And that's been
worrying me.' `Then relax,' I said. `Think of me as a Boy Scout on a Bob-a-
Job Day. My Job is to be cheerful company, and my Bob is the pleasure of
your company. Today is for relaxing. I promise to be a good boy no matter
what. Scout's Honour.' And I made the Scout salute with my toes, as nearly
as I could, a position so foolish that she had to laugh. And after that she was
open to the aura of the valley and we talked more and more freely and
openly, while her cares fell off her and slithered dryly into the stream and
were washed away.
    The afternoon wore on, pleasantly. She shifted to the facing-stone to
change the angle of the sun. We had been discussing the effects of travel on
body and nerves, and she mentioned that before her separation she had been
quite a bit overweight. Since beginning her trip, the excess weight had
dissolved, and she now weighed less than she had for years. She did look
good, with just a little looseness of the skin at waist and thigh and upper
arm, and I said so. I wonder about the therapeutic effects of travel
sometimes -- for hostellers seem to me much healthier than the average
person. Is it that the hostelling way of life attracts healthy people, or is it the
way of life that attracts the health? From conversations with Dianne and
other hostellers, I suspect the latter. And I certainly couldn't complain while
facing this nude, golden woman with her bronzed skin and translucent yellow
hair. Consideration of which led me to go for another swim to help me keep
my Scout's Promise to her. (It's a tough life.) When I came out I rubbed her
neck and scalp, stopping only when she fell asleep. Then I went back to my
own rock.
    The sun fell below the valley rim, and the breeze blowing up the valley,
pleasant in the sunshine, became cool enough to encourage activity. So we
gathered up our gear and waded downstream. At the first bend we stopped
to dress, for we were no longer in that small spot which was safe from
random eyes, and then continued downstream, hand in hand. We held hands,
in fact, until we were out of the valley and partway down the dirt road.
Then, shazoom! I felt myself become a hostel manager again, and Dianne
remembered that she didn't like to be touched by men, and our hands fell
apart.
    The next day Dianne moved on, and although I have a contact address for
her, I have never seen her again. Yet for that single day we were just two
people, not a man and a woman (though we were aware of our natures), and
I think that I would not have swapped the experience for a month of sex. I
think that she felt the same.
    Before writing this account, I had many doubts. Not about the experience,
but about the retailing of it to others. It is a memory very close to my soul.
Telling such to others can spoil the memory. But it is just one of many (well,
a number), and rereading it now, it does not seem to me that it has lost any
true value for having been put on paper. I only curse my clumsy way with
words, that I have not been able to bring it to the same glowing life that the
memory possesses within me.
                                    ###
`History'
Part Five
This is the fifth episode of `History', my autobiographical account of what I
did during my gafia. To put the previous episodes in a nutshell: In mid-1983
I left New Zealand for Australia. At the end of 1983 I left Australia for New
Zealand, having spent most of those 5 1/2 months in Melbourne. In NZ I
went back to my old job with the PO in Wellington. At the end of 1984 I left
the PO in order to trek NZ. In January and February I `did' the South
Island. In March and April I `did' the North Island. In May I worked on the
Kiwifruit. And on the 3rd of June 1985, I found myself the temporary
custodian of the Youth Hostels Association of NZ hostel in the town of
Whakatane (Fahk-ah-tah-nay) in the Bay of Plenty in the  North Island.
(There. Now you don't have to write and ask me for the earlier sections of
this long-drawn-out scribble.)
This segment of `History' follows my career from 3rd June 1985 to 19th of
September 1986, when I left New Zealand for Australia.
                                    ###
Guide To Names:
    In this `History', I am trying to render a pronunciation guide for each
    Maori (Mah-oh-ree) word as we reach it. These guides are as close as
    I can get to correct Maori. Kiwis (kee-weez) tend to mispronounce
    them, and the poor foreigner is completely lost. Take Paraparaumu, a
    perfectly respectable place near Wellington. The system I am using here
    would render this `pah-rah-pah-rah-oo-moo' (`ah' standing for long `a'
    as in `far'). The typical kiwi will rhyme the `a' with `sat' and say `pa-rah-
    pa-ram'; the locals will say `p'ram'. Te Aroha (Tay-ah-roh-hah) tends to
    dribble out of the locals' mouths, becoming something like `T'roah'. My
    home town of Wanganui (fahng-ah-noo-ee) is `wong-gan-new-ee' to
    most locals (and `wann-gan-noo-ee' to most foreigners). `F' and `wh' --
    the sound signified by `wh' in Maori is nearer `f' than `w'; hence my use
    of `f' in the guides to pronunciation. It's close enough. Finally, the
    combination `ng' is as in `twang', but with more bite to the `g' following
    the `ng' sound. I hope this info is useful.
                                    ###
Acting Like A Man:
Whakatane YHA hostel was supported by the Tauranga (Towr-rahng-ah)
Branch of YHA. An official  of the Branch ferried me down the coast and
stayed a few days to show me the ropes, then left me in sole charge, to sink
or swim.
    The hostel was located in King Street, a fair walk from the centre of town.
The building was an old two-storey wooden structure, long overdue for
demolition. But the nature of YHA's tenancy on the site was such that if it
attempted to replace the building, the land would revert to the local council
-- which was unlikely to grant a new lease on terms which would leave the
hostel a financially viable proposition. Since the hostel was already losing
money just about as fast as YHA could afford, Whakatane hostel drifted
along from year to year while necessary work piled up because the Tauranga
Branch preferred to put its effort into the local (and profitable) hostel.
    The hostel provided 24 beds, in six rooms, but rarely had more than half
a dozen travellers at any one time. Whakatane was regarded as a dead spot
tourist-wise: a way-stop for travellers exiting or entering the scenic East Cape
region, or benighted on their way from Gisborne/ Napier to Tauranga/
Rotorua (Roh-toh-roo-ah).
    This attitude that there was `nothing to see or do' at Whakatane was
mistaken. In fact, there was an excellent beach at nearby Ohope (Oh-Hope-
ay) (a five-kilometre walk, unfortunately); there was a good walkway with
several Maori sites along it; and Whakatane was a natural gateway for
trampers wanting to get into areas not much frequented by other trampers.
In addition to this, it was a good base for exploring the coastal side of Mt
Tarawera (Tah-rah-weh-raa) and its little cousin Mt Edgecumbe, provided
you had access to a car.
    Whakatane itself was the landing-place of one of the seven great canoes
of the legendary Great Fleet (circa 1325 AD). It took its name from an
incident connected with that landing. It seems that when the canoe landed,
all the men jumped out and rushed ashore, leaving the women and children
aboard. The canoe, inadequately beached, started to drift offshore. But
Maori tradition made it tapu (tah-poo -- sacred or forbidden according to
context) for women to paddle the canoe. Problem!  But a chief's daugh-
ter grabbed a paddle and, crying `I will act like a man!', quickly brought the
canoe back to shore. `Act like a man' in Maori is whakatane, and so the
place was named. (This naming of places after events rather than people was
usual Maori practice, leading to such intriguing names as `Kai Hau O Kupe'
{kye-how-oh-koo-pay <Where Kupe Ate The Wind>}.) One of the Maori
sites in the area, mentioned earlier, was almost the earliest pa (pah {fortified
village}) site in NZ, and the whole Whakatane area is spotted with historic
places.
    I remember relatively little about my time at Whakatane -- except for
details that are just as true for my next hostel and hence, perhaps, best left
for now. Every attempt to dredge a single memory of everyday life at
Whakatane also
brings up several similar but better memories of the later hostel. On the
other hand, a few distinct events do stand out.
                                    ###
Three Volcanoes
One day the hostel had a single visitor -- a German, Kurt. I am unable to
place the memory precisely in time: the YHA person who had brought me
down to Whakatane was there, but it was probably a later visit for him.
Anyway, we had been sitting round talking about exciting things to do the
next day, and the suggestion was made that we should make an excursion to
nearby Mt Edgecumbe, for Kurt's sake.
    Mt Edgecumbe is a solitary mountain, almost directly inland from
Whakatane and about 35 kilometres away by car (a trifle less by pigeon --
if passenger pigeons were not extinct and therefore unavailable for taxi
services). It is only 821 metres in height, but the absence of tall nearby peaks
allows it to command the rolling hill-country that surrounds it. As is usually
the case with such mountains in New Zealand (and in this area of New
Zealand in particular) it is a volcano. A dormant one.
    In the morning, we all piled into a car and headed off. Down King Street
and left onto Highway 2. Six kilometres and right onto Highway 30. Twenty
kilometres and we took the left turn to Kawerau (Kah-weh-row), a town
mentioned briefly in the last `History' in relation to the temporary job I took
while waiting for the Kiwifruit to start. It is a town of heavy industry,
boasting two major pulp & paper mills -- Caxton and Tasman. The former
produces most of NZ's toilet paper; the second produces the bulk of NZ's
newsprint. Both are hulking complexes of concrete buildings and mazes of
noisy machinery, employing thousands of workers between them, and they
are the main reason the town exists. Because of this, the town looks a bit
different to most NZ country centres, with its grid of uniformly utilitarian
company houses and its odd lack of other signs of personality.
    The town is set in -- or surrounded by, if you prefer a better term -- the
great pine forests that provide the paper for the great maws of the two mills.
Hundreds of square kilometres of Pinus radiata. Dull, dull, dull to drive
around in. The older plantings stand in rows and columns; more recent
plantings straggle in a less boring randomness. Here and there, there are
sudden areas containing trees of uniform height: legacies of clear-felling or
fires. Elsewhere, sections of tall and short trees alternate -- the result of
strip-logging.
    We went through the town and took a side-road towards the mountain on
the far side. Somewhere around here we stopped to check in with the Forest
HQ, since Mt Edgecumbe is located in the forest, most of which is privately
owned by the mills. The mountain looms over Kawerau like an enormous
pyramid, drawing the eye towards it as an escape from the endless rows of
spiky trees.
    The forest road led us partway up the mountain, then ended in a parking
lot. A wide gravel road continued on the far side of a locked gate, and we
walked up the road. The day was warmish, despite the increasing height and
the fact that it was mid-winter. Kurt later sent me some photos he had taken
at the top. They show me wearing T-shirt and thin trousers. Some clouds
were scattered around, but not so many as to shut out the warmth of the
sun.
    We eventually crossed the edge of the crater, but the highest point of the
mountain was across the crater from where we did so. So we got to walk
around the small weed-grown lake that fills the lowest section of the crater.
The entire interior of the crater was heavily overgrown, and it was hard to
reconcile all this life with the aridity that must have prevailed in the days
when the volcano was active. I said earlier that Edgecumbe is dormant.
Extinct would probably be a correct description, but Kiwis have become wary
of that word since the time `extinct' Mt Ruapehu (Roo-ah-pay-hoo) decided
it had slept long enough, and proceeded to drop ash on towns hundreds of
kilometres away.
    We finally reached the top -- actually the highest point on the rim of the
crater. From here the mountainside dropped away in a grand sweep, down
into the dwarfed foothills carpeted with their peculiar spiky green `grass'.
Kawerau was a grey blot, details blurred by the steam and smoke from the
mills. Spires of this smoke rose above it, some overtopping us where we
stood atop the mountain.
    Looking up from the mountain's foot to the horizon, above and left to the
town, I saw a huge green lump. Mt Tarawera, 1111 metres tall, twenty-five
kilometres off. Readers of SECANT 4 may remember my review of Alan
Dean Foster's MAORI, a book which contains a description of the eruption
of Tarawera in the late 1800's. Turning right and looking along the coastline
of the Bay of Plenty, I thought I could see the distant pimple of Mt
Maunganui (Mowng-gah-noo-ee), 232 metres, near Tauranga, but I may
have been mistaken. Turning right and looking out into Bay of Plenty, I
could see another mountain -- this one low-lying and well up on the lip of
the horizon. A pall of white cloud was rising from it. White Island is an
active volcano about fifty kilometres offshore in the Bay. Once it was used
as a quarry for sulphur, but increasing volcanism in the early years of this
century rendered it too dangerous for anyone to reside and work there.
Today it suffers occasional forays from planes and boats filled with curiosity-
seekers. In 1985 the price for a boat-excursion was, if I remember rightly,
NZ$55, with a $10 surcharge if you wanted to go ashore there. Turning right
and looking towards East Cape, the land broke into a jumble of woolly green
hills -- the Ikawhenua (Ick-ah-fen-oo-ah) Ranges, covered by native bush.
This green land was quite distinct from the `grassy' pine forest; NZ's native
trees tend to the blobby, not the spearhead pine shape. Turning right again
brought me full-circle.
    I found myself looking at a spine of rock extending from the mountaintop.
It rose a little higher than the rest of the summit. Not being afraid of
heights, I immediately clambered out onto it and had my photo snapped,
standing astride the end of the spur and pointing grandly in the direction of
Whakatane. `There are some hostellers waiting on the front porch of the
hostel!' I shouted back to the others, jokingly. Actually, although the town
was quite distinct, it was too far away for me to make out more than a
couple of the bigger buildings -- and those only as minute patches of
different colour. The hostel was quite invisible.
                                    ###
Ohope Beach:
Six kilometres from Whakatane, over a sizable hill, is the white-sand beach
of Ohope. It is a long crescent in shape, about four kilometres long, washed
by gentle waves and shelving quite slowly in many places, so that the water
warms quickly on sunny days. Elsewhere it shelves more rapidly and provides
good if rather insipid surf. Backing the beach is the resort town of Ohope
Beach, and backing the town are high cliffs. These are bush-covered and
dotted with cottages.
    My main memory of Ohope does not actually date from my hostel days,
but rather from a fortnight's holiday my family spent there many years ago.
I still possess a small phial of water and another of sand, collected during
that visit. (The water, by now, has lost enough substance through the small
cork used to close the bottle so that it is brine rather than water. But who
cares?) My father worked for the NZ Post Office and had managed to
secure one of the PO's many holiday cottages for this vacation. Ohope in
summer was paradisiacal for the younger me. I would spend the long days
exploring the beach and the surrounding area, and paddling and swimming,
and building huge sand castles with this strange pale sand. (The sand at
Castlecliff Beach, which is the suburb of Wanganui my parents live in, is
black (well, grey when dry) and heavy because of the presence of large
quantities of iron. Remember the physics demonstration which involves a
magnet and a handful of iron filings? We didn't need iron filings for that --
just a pail of sand.) I was very sad when the time came to leave, back to
school and homework and `Get up, you'll be late!' (I never have liked getting
up early.)
    Perhaps that holiday has stayed in my memory so long because of a
gimmick my parents used to reduce the monotony of the homeward trip. We
waited, car packed, until dawn lit the sky at the right-hand end of the bay.
When the sun rose above the peaks of the East Cape, we all piled into the
car and started the homeward trip. We drove across the island via Rotorua,
Taupo (Tah-ow-poh), and National Park, arriving in Wanganui before sunset.
Then we went down to Castlecliff beach and watched the sun go down into
the sea. From water, to water.
    After a somewhat uncertain start -- I needed time to adjust my viewpoint
from that of the hosteller to that of the Manager -- I got the hang of the job,
and even began to feel that perhaps this job provided an interesting new
slant on the Youth Hostels and the way that they operate. Somewhat to my
surprise, I found myself worrying over the future of the hostel, even though
my own time there was likely to be short. 
    All things end. At the end of July, the new permanent manager arrived
and I had to go. But where? I liked the life; I didn't want to stop being a
hostel manager just yet. Fortunately, my work with Whakatane had found
enough favour so that I was offered a chance at running another one, as a
permanent position.
                                    ###
The Mountain of Love:
On 1st August I left Whakatane and hitched to Tauranga. I stayed a night
in the hostel there, renewing my friendship with the managers. I also talked
with the other hostellers staying that night -- Kurt from Germany (already
met at Whakatane) and Karen from England. (I have decided, after some
thought, to use the true given names of the people I meet in this section.
Privacy will be maintained by withholding the surnames of those who will not
be known to fans.) The next day I travelled on by bus via Waihi (wye-hee)
and Paeroa (Pye-roh-ah) to Te Aroha.
                                    ###
    Te Aroha is a small dairy-farming town, about 3,500 people and several
hundred thousand head of cattle. It perches on the knees of Mt Te Aroha
at the eastern edge of the Hauraki Plains. (How-rah-kee) It is in an old
gold-mining area of the North Island. There are hot mineral springs there,
and many good tracks for tramping in the Kaimai (Kye-mye) Ranges behind
it. The town was established in 1880.
    The mountain after which the town is named stands 953 metres (six tenths
of a mile) tall, and  its peak is the site of a TV/radio retransmissions tower.
The summit may be reached by either a long (10 km {6 mile}) winding dirt
road, or a short (2km {1 1/2 mile}) bush track. From the summit the
successful climber can see for hundreds of kilometres around: as far as East
Cape and White Island out to sea, to Mts Ruapehu, Tarawera, and
Edgecumbe south, to Mt Pirongia (Pih-rong-ee-ah) west, and to the
Coromandel (Coh-roh-man-dell) Ranges and the Firth of Thames and Little
Barrier Island north. (The view north is hindered somewhat because the
Kaimai Range becomes the Coromandel Range that direction. Te Aroha
being part of the Kaimai Range, vision is naturally blocked by the tall peaks
in the distance.) Mt Te Aroha stands a little way out from the ranked ridges
of the Range, and is a conspicuous landmark for anyone approaching the
town. It is also, incidentally, the highest peak in the Kaimais. The nearest
higher mountains are Pirongia (962 metres), 85 km away on the far side of
Hamilton, and Tarawera (1111 metres), 100 km away, the far side of
Rotorua.
    If you have trouble with the geography just named, refer to the map
(1994: or any map of NZ). All will become clearer. (Would I lie to you?)
    I came into Te Aroha from the north on a cloudy day. From my bus-seat
I was able to look out through the driver's window, craning for my first
glimpse of the town that might become my new home. The weather south
looked unpromising: there was a huge black cloud directly ahead, its base
apparently resting on the ground. The wind being in the west, I guessed that
the cloud-mass was squeezing its way through a gap in the Range. Never
mind that my open map-book did not show any such gap. It was only as the
bus approached the phenomenon that I realised my error; for suddenly I
noticed a slender silver spire atop the cloud's height and realised that my
`cloud' was a mountain -- the very mountain, in fact, that the town took it's
name from. A kilometre doesn't sound like a great height for a mountain,
but New Zealand has a habit of starting mountains from near sea-level. The
Hauraki Plains were low-lying swamps when the pakeha (pah-kay-hah) came
to New Zealand, and so Te Aroha's modest kilometre of height represented
something like 900 metres (1/2 mile) rise from the plain to the summit -- a
bulk many a `taller' mountain might envy!
    The size and prominence of the mountain, in fact, is largely responsible
for its name. A long time ago, a Maori chief named Mamoe (Mah-moy; add
a twist to the `moy', half sounding both `o' and `e': mo-ay) left his home near
Mt Maunganui to go and visit relatives near the modern site of Hamilton.
But on the way home, he and his party became lost in the boggy plains.
Winning through the swamps, they made their way instinctively to the highest
mountain in sight in order to locate themselves in relation to their homes.
From the summit of this mountain they could look over the ranges and into
the Bay of Plenty. There they saw the unmistakable silhouette of Mt
Maunganui. So happy was Mamoe at this sight of home that he named the
mountain he was on `the great love of Mamoe', Te Arohanui a Mamoe (Tay-
Ah-row-ha-noo-ee-ah-Mah-moy.) Nowadays this is shortened to `the love',
making it `Te Aroha' (also known as `the Mountain of Love' -- a beautiful
name).
    Once off the bus, I followed my hostel handbook up the slope of the
mountain toward the hostel, approaching my new home as if I was just a
newly-arriving hosteller.
                                    ###
The Hostel:
Te Aroha hostel, when I ran it, boasted a mere ten beds in two rooms. My
accommodation consisted of a single room off the kitchen area & the run of
the hostel during the day. Since Te Aroha was traditionally open all day, and
I had no objection to the idea, I usually shared that day with any hostellers
who were staying and who did not feel like going out to see the local sights.
    Staying in was not unpopular. To see much of the local area you needed
walk no further than the front door. The hostel was located on a knee of the
mountain, on the northern outskirts of town. From the hostel's porch you
enjoyed an almost uninterrupted view across the plains. Distant landmarks
visible from the hostel included Mt Pirongia and the marching ranks of the
Kaimai Ranges. Spectacular sunsets tended to be routine rather than
unusual. One artistically-inclined visitor watercoloured a lovely picture in the
visitor's book (see illo), and I photocopied it when I left. Sadly, the town had
no colour photocopier; I had to satisfy myself with shades of grey and
memories.
    The hostel was very homey. The local YHA Branch had put a lot of work
into making it so, with help from the fact that the building was originally a
house anyway. NZ has what appears to be an unusual habit: often, instead
of building a house on a site, they will load it on the back of a truck and
bring it in from elsewhere. (Big houses may be cut in two or more pieces and
transported severally.) The typical NZ house being a sturdy wooden structure
supported on piles, rather than a brick structure or one built half into the
ground, with a basement, this is quite a convenient way of avoiding spending
on building costs what you save in land price by buying an out-of-the-way
block of land. In the case of the Te Aroha hostel, the house was about sixty
years old. But such is the nature of the town, I met a member of the family
that once owned the building and whose parents built it. If memory will
serve me again, the hostel building cost YHA #64 to buy and transport, back
in the 60's. The land was a perpetual free lease from the town.
The Hostellers:
I got my first inkling of what Te Aroha hostel was all about the moment I
walked in. There was a part-open door to my left. A dormitory, with three
two-tiered bunks and another door visible in the facing wall. I poked my
head in, looked around the door -- and a head poked out of a huddle of
blankets and looked blearily at me. `Oh,' it mumbled, `You must be Greg.'
This was around noon.
    The head belonged to Peter, a regular visitor (being a Kiwi). He had been
told by Dannie (the relieving Manager) that I was coming. Dannie would be
along that evening to book any new arrivals in and to tell me what was what;
meantime I should make myself at home.
    Peter was a retired social worker -- retired on health grounds. He now
spent his time migrating around the North Island. His passion was chess and
people; he habitually wore Irish green clothes, needing only the cap in order
to resemble a leprechaun. We had a number of long debates during his
