it from our minds, and it was prefaced by the disgrace and
dismissal of butler Brunton.
  " 'This was how it came about. I have said that the man was
intelligent, and this very intelligence has caused his ruin, for it
seems to have led to an insatiable curiosity about things which
did not in the least concern him. I had no idea of the lengths to
which this would carry him until the merest accident opened my
eyes to it.
  " 'I have said that the house is a rambling one. One day last
week -- on Thursday night, to be more exact -- I found that I
could not sleep, having foolishly taken a cup of strong cafe' noir
after my dinner. After struggling against it until two in the
morning, I felt that it was quite hopeless, so I rose and lit the
candle with the intention af continuing a novel which I was
reading. The book, however, had been left in the billiard-room,
so I pulled on my dressing-gown and started off to get it.
  " 'In order to reach the biilliard-room I had to descend a flight
of stairs and then to cross the head of a passage which led to the
library and the gun-room. You can imagine my surprise when, as
I looked down this corridor. I saw a glimmer of light coming
from the open door of the library. I had myself extinguished the
lamp and closed the door before coming to bed. Naturally my
first thought was of burglar. The corridors at Hurlstone have
their walls largely decorated with trophies of old weapons. From
one of these I picked a battle-axe, and then, leaving my candle
behind me, I crept on tiptoe down the passage and peeped in at
the open door.
  " 'Brunton, the butler, was in the library. He was sitting
fully dressed, in an easy-chair, with a slip of paper which looked
like a map upon his knee, and his forehead sunk forward upon
his hand in deep thought. I stood dumb with astonishment,
watching him from the darkness. A small taper on the edge of
the table shed a feeble light which sufficed to show me that he
was fully dressed. Suddenly, as I looked, he rose from his chair,
and, walking over to a bureau at the side, he unlocked it and
drew out one of the drawers. From this he took a paper, and,
returning to his seat, he flattened it out beside the taper on the
edge of the table and began to study it with minute attention. My
indignation at this calm examination of our family documents
overcame me so far that I took a step forward, and Brunton,
looking up. saw me standing in the doorway. He sprang to his
feet, his face turned livid with fear, and he thrust into his breast
the chart-like paper which he had been originally studying.
  " ' "So!" said I. "This is how you repay the trust which we
have reposed in you. You will leave my service to-morrow."
  " 'He bowed with the look of a man who is utterly crushed
and slunk past me without a word. The taper was still on the
table, and by its light I glanced to see what the paper was which
Brunton had taken from the bureau. To my surprise it was
nothing of any importance at all, but simply a copy of the
questions and answers in the singular old observance called the
Musgrave Ritual. It is a sort of ceremony peculiar to our family,
which each Musgrave for centuries past has gone through on his
coming of age -- a thing of private interest, and perhaps of some
little importance to the archaeologist, like our own blazonings
and charges, but of no practical use whatever.'
  " 'We had better come back to the paper afterwards,' said I.
  " 'If you think it really necessary,' he answered with some
hesitation. 'To continue my statement, however: I relocked the
bureau, using the key which Brunton had left, and I had turned
to go when I was surprised to find that the butler had returned,
and was standing before me.
  " ' "Mr. Musgrave, sir," he cried in a voice which was
hoarse with emotion, "I can't bear disgrace, sir. I've always
been proud above my station in life, and disgrace would kill me.
My blood will be on your head, sir -- it will, indeed -- if you
drive me to despair. If you cannot keep me after what has
passed, then for God's sake let me give you notice and leave in a
month, as if of my own free will. I could stand that, Mr.
Musgrave, but not to be cast out before all the folk that I know
so well."
  " ' "You don't deserve much consideration, Brunton," I
answered. "Your conduct has been most infamous. However, as
you have been a long time in the family, I have no wish to bring
public disgrace upon you. A month, however. is too long. Take
yourself away in a week, and give what reason you like for
going."
  " ' "Only a week, sir?" he cried in a despairing voice. "A
fortnight -- say at least a fortnight!"
  " ' "A week," I repeated, "and you may consider yourself to
have been very leniently dealt with."
  " 'He crept away, his face sunk upon his breast, like a broken
man, while I put out the light and returned to my room.
  " 'For two days after this Brunton was most assiduous in his
attention to his duties. I made no allusion to what had passed and
waited with some curiosity to see how he would cover his
disgrace. On the third morning, however, he did not appear, as
was his custom, after breakfast to receive my instructions for the
day. As I left the dining-room I happened to meet Rachel
Howells, the maid. I have told you that she had only recently
recovered from an illness and was looking so wretchedly pale
and wan that I remonstrated with her for being at work.
  " ' "You should be in bed," I said. "Come back to your
duties when you are stronger."
   " 'She looked at me with so strange an expression that I
began to suspect that her brain was affected.
  " ' "I am strong enough, Mr. Musgrave," said she.
  " ' "We will see what the doctor says," I answered. "You
must stop work now, and when you go downstairs just say that I
wish to see Brunton."
  " ' "The butler is gone," said she.
  " ' "Gone! Gone where?"
  " ' "He is gone. No one has seen him. He is not in his room.
Oh, yes, he is gone, he is gone!" She fell back against the wall
with shriek after shriek of laughter, while I, horrified at this
sudden hysterical attack, rushed to the bell to summon help. The
girl was taken to her room, still screaming and sobbing, while I
made inquiries about Brunton. There was no doubt about it that
he had disappeared. His bed had not been slept in, he had been
seen by no one since he had retired to his room the night before,
and yet it was difficult to see how he could have left the house,
as both windows and doors were found to be fastened in the
morning. His clothes, his watch, and even his money were in his
room, but the black suit which he usually wore was missing. His
slippers, too, were gone, but his boots were left behind. Where
then could butler Brunton have gone in the night, and what could
have become of him now?
  " 'Of course we searched the house from cellar to garret, but
there was no trace of him. It is, as I have said, a labyrinth of an
old house, especially the original wing, which is now practically
uninhabited; but we ransacked every room and cellar without
discovering the least sign of the missing man. It was incredible
to me that he could have gone away leaving all his property
behind him, and yet where could he be? I called in the local
police, but without success. Rain had fallen on the night before.
and we examined the lawn and the paths all round the house, but
in vain. Matters were in this state, when a new development
quite drew our attention away from the original mystery.
  " 'For two days Rachel Howells had been so ill, sometimes
delirious, sometimes hysterical, that a nurse had been employed
to sit up with her at night. On the third night after Brunton's
disappearance, the nurse, finding her patient sleeping nicely, had
dropped into a nap in the armchair, when she woke in the early
morning to find the bed empty, the window open, and no signs
of the invalid. I was instantly aroused, and, with the two foot-
men, started off at once in search of the missing girl. It was not
difficult to tell the direction which she had taken, for, starting
from under her window, we could follow her footmarks easily
across the lawn to the edge of the mere, where they vanished
close to the gravel path which leads out of the grounds. The lake
there is eight feet deep, and you can imagine our feelings when
we saw that the trail of the poor demented girl came to an end at
the edge of it.
  " 'Of course, we had the drags at once and set to work to
recover the remains, but no trace of the body could we find. On
the other hand, we brought to the surface an object of a most
unexpected kind. It was a linen bag which contained within it a
mass of old rusted. and discoloured metal and several dull-
coloured pieces of pebble or glass. This strange find was all that
we could get from the mere, and, although we made every
possible search and inquiry yesterday, we know nothing of the
fate either of Rachel Howells or of Richard Brunton. The county
police are at their wit's end, and I have come up to you as a last
resource.'
  "You can imagine, Watson, with what eagerness I listened to
this extraordinary sequence of events, and endeavoured to piece
them together, and to devise some common thread upon which
they might all hang. The butler was gone. The maid was gone.
The maid had loved the butler, but had afterwards had cause to
hate him. She was of Welsh blood, fiery and passionate. She had
been terribly excited immediately after his disappearance. She
had flung into the lake a bag containing some curious contents.
These were all factors which had to be taken into consideration,
and yet none of them got quite to the heart of the matter. What
was the starting-point of this chain of events? There lay the end
of this tangled line.
  " 'I must see that paper, Musgrave,' said I, 'which this butler
of yours thought it worth his while to consult, even at the risk of
the loss of his place.'
  " 'It is rather an absurd business, this ritual of ours,' he
answered. 'But it has at least the saving grace of antiquity to
excuse it. I have a copy of the questions and answers here if you
care to run your eye over them.'
  "He handed me the very paper which I have here, Watson,
and this is the strange catechism to which each Musgrave had to
submit when he came to man's estate. I will read you the
questions and answers as they stand.
  " 'Whose was it?'
  " 'His who is gone.'
  " 'Who shall have it?'
  " 'He who will come.'
  " 'Where was the sun?'
  " 'Over the oak.'
  " 'Where was the shadow?'
  " 'Under the elm.'
  " 'How was it stepped?'
  " 'North by ten and by ten, east by five and by five, south by
two and by two, west by one and by one, and so under.'
  " 'What shall we give for it?'
  " 'All that is ours.'
  " 'Why should we give it?'
  " 'For the sake of the trust.'
  " 'The original has no date, but is in the spelling of the
middle of the seventeenth century,' remarked Musgrave. 'I am
afraid, however, that it can be of little help to you in solving this
mystery.'
  " 'At least,' said I, 'it gives us another mystery, and one
which is even more interesting than the first. It may be that the
solution of the one may prove to be the solution of the other.
You will excuse me, Musgrave, if I say that your butler appears
to me to have been a very clever man, and to have had a clearer
insight than ten generations of his masters.'
  " 'I hardly follow you,' said Musgrave. 'The paper seems to
me to be of no practical importance.'
  " 'But to me it seems immensely practical, and I fancy that
Brunton took the same view. He had probably seen it before that
night on which you caught him.'
  " 'It is very possible. We took no pains to hide it.'
  " 'He simply wished, I should imagine, to refresh his memory
upon that last occasion. He had, as I understand, some sort of
map or chart which he was comparing with the manuscript, and
which he thrust into his pocket when you appeared.'
  " 'That is true. But what could he have to do with this old
family custom of ours, and what does this rigmarole mean?'
  " 'I don't think that we should have much difficulty in deter-
mining that,' said I; 'with your permission we will take the first
train down to Sussex and go a little more deeply into the matter
upon the spot.
  "The same afternoon saw us both at Hurlstone. Possibly you
have seen pictures and read descriptions of the famous old
building, so I will confine my account of it to saying that it is
built in the shape of an L. the long arm being the more modern
portion, and the shorter the ancient nucleus from which the other
has developed. Over the low, heavy-lintelled door, in the centre
of this old part, is chiselled the date, 1607, but experts are
agreed that the beams and stonework are really much older than
this. The enormously thick walls and tiny windows of this part
had in the last century driven the family into building the new
wing, and the old one was used now as a storehouse and a cellar,
when it was used at all. A splendid park with fine old timber
surrounds the house, and the lake, to which my client. had
referred, lay close to the avenue, about two hundred yards from
the building.
  "I was already firmly convinced, Watson, that there were not
three separate mysteries here, but one only, and that if I could
read the Musgrave Ritual aright I should hold in my hand the
clue which would lead me to the truth concerning both the butler
Brunton and the maid Howells. To that then I turned all my
energies. Why should this servant be so anxious to master this
old formula? Evidently because he saw something in it which
had escaped all those generations of country squires, and from
which he expected some personal advantage. What was it then,
and how had it affected his fate?
  "It was perfectly obvious to me, on reading the Ritual, that
the measurements must refer to some spot to which the rest of
the document alluded, and that if we could find that spot we
should be in a fair way towards finding what the secret was
which the old Musgraves had thought it necessary to embalm in
so curious a fashion. There were two guides given us to start
with, an oak and an elm. As to the oak there could be no
question at all. Right in front of the house, upon the left-hand
side of the drive, there stood a patriarch among oaks. one of the
most magnificent trees that I have ever seen.
  " 'That was there when your Ritual was drawn up,' said I as
we drove past it.
  " 'It was there at the Norman Conquest in all probability,' he
answered. 'It has a girth of twenty-three feet.'
  "Here was one of my fixed points secured.
  " 'Have you any old elms?' I asked.
  " 'There used to be a very old one over yonder, but it was
struck by lightning ten years ago, and we cut down the stump.'
  " 'You can see where it used to be?'
  " 'Oh, yes.'
  " 'There are no other elms?'
  " 'No old ones, but plenty of beeches.'
  " 'I should like to see where it grew.'
  "We had driven up in a dog-cart, and my client led me away
at once, without our entering the house, to the scar on the lawn
where the elm had stood. It was nearly midway between the oak
and the house. My investigation seemed to be progressing.
  " 'I suppose it is impossible to find out how high the elm
was?' I asked.
  " 'I can give you it at once. It was sixty-four feet.'
  " 'How do you come to know it?' I asked in surprise.
  " 'When my old tutor used to give me an exercise in trigo-
nometry, it always took the shape of measuring heights. When I
was a lad I worked out every tree and building in the estate.'
  "This was an unexpected piece of luck. My data were coming
more quickly than I could have reasonably hoped.
  " 'Tell me,' I asked, 'did your butler ever ask you such a
question?'
  "Reginald Musgrave looked at me in astonishment. 'Now that
you call it to my mind,' he answered, 'Brunton did ask me about
the height of the tree some months ago in connection with some
little argument with the groom.'
  "This was excellent news, Watson, for it showed me that I
was on the right road. I looked up at the sun. It was low in the
heavens, and I calculated that in less than an hour it would lie
just above the topmost branches of the old oak. One condition
mentioned in the Ritual would then be fulfilled. And the shadow
of the elm must mean the farther end of the shadow, otherwise
the trunk would have been chosen as the guide. I had, then, to
find where the far end of the shadow would fall when the sun
was just clear of the oak."
  "That must have been difficult, Holmes, when the elm was no
longer there."
  "Well, at least I knew that if Brunton could do it, I could
also. Besides, there was no real difficulty. I went with Musgrave
to his study and whittled myself this peg, to which I tied this
long string with a knot at each yard. Then I took two lengths of a
fishing-rod, which came to just six feet, and I went back with
my client to where the elm had been. The sun was just grazing
the top of the oak. I fastened the rod on end, marked out the
direction of the shadow, and measured it. It was nine feet in
length.
  "Of course the calculation now was a simple one. If a rod of
six feet threw a shadow of nine, a tree of sixty-four feet would
throw one of ninety-six, and the line of the one would of course
be the line of the other. I measured out the distance, which
brought me almost to the wall of the house, and I thrust a peg
into the spot. You can imagine my exultation, Watson, when
within two inches of my peg I saw a conical depression in the
ground. I knew that it was the mark made by Brunton in his
measurements, and that I was still upon his trail.
  "From this starting-point I proceeded to step, having first
taken the cardinal points by my pocket-compass. Ten steps with
each foot took me along parallel with the wall of the house, and
again I marked my spot with a peg. Then I carefully paced off
five to the east and two to the south. It brought me to the very
threshold of the old door. Two steps to the west meant now that I
was to go two paces down the stone-flagged passage, and this
was the place indicated by the Ritual.
  "Never have I felt such a cold chill of disappointment, Wat-
son. For a moment it seemed to me that there must be some
radical mistake in my calculations. The setting sun shone full
upon the passage floor, and I could see that the old, foot-worn
gray stones with which it was paved were firmly cemented
together, and had certainly not been moved for many a long
year. Brunton had not been at work here. I tapped upon the
floor, but it sounded the same all over, and there was no sign of
any crack or crevice. But, fortunately, Musgrave, who had
begun to appreciate the meaning of my proceedings, and who
was now as excited as myself, took out his manuscript to check
my calculations.
  " 'And under,' he cried. 'You have omitted the "and under." '
  "I had thought that it meant that we were to dig, but now, of
course, I saw at once that I was wrong. 'There is a cellar under
this then?' I cried.
  " 'Yes, and as old as the house. Down here, through this
door.'
  "We went down a winding stone stair, and my companion,
striking a match, lit a large lantern which stood on a barrel in the
corner. In an instant it was obvious that we had at last come
upon the true place, and that we had not been the only people to
visit the spot recently.
  "It had been used for the storage of wood, but the billets,
which had evidently been littered over the floor, were now piled
at the sides, so as to leave a clear space in the middle. In this
space lay a large and heavy flagstone with a rusted iron ring in
the centre to which a thick shepherd's-check muffler was attached.
  " 'By Jove!' cried my client. 'That's Brunton's muffler. I
have seen it on him and could swear to it. What has the villain
been doing here?'
  "At my suggestion a couple of the county police were sum-
moned to be present, and I then endeavoured to raise the stone
by pulling on the cravat. I could only move it slightly, and it was
with the aid of one of the constables that I succeeded at last in
carrying it to one side. A black hole yawned beneath into which
we all peered, while Musgrave, kneeling at the side, pushed
down the lantern.
  "A small chamber about seven feet deep and four feet square
lay open to us. At one side of this was a squat, brass-bound
wooden box, the lid of which was hinged upward, with this
curious old-fashioned key projecting from the lock. It was furred
outside by a thick layer of dust, and damp and worms had eaten
through the wood, so that a crop of livid fungi was growing on
the inside of it. Several discs of metal, old coins apparently,
such as I hold here, were scattered over the bottom of the box,
but it contained nothing else.
  "At the moment, however, we had no thought for the old
chest, for our eyes were riveted upon that which crouched
beside it. It was the figure of a man, clad in a suit of black, who
squatted down upon his hams with his forehead sunk upon the
edge of the box and his two arms thrown out on each side of it.
The attitude had drawn all the stagnant blood to the face, and no
man could have recognized that distorted liver-coloured counte-
nance; but his height, his dress, and his hair were all sufficient
to show my client, when we had drawn the body up, that it was
indeed his missing butler. He had been dead some days, but
there was no wound or bruise upon his person to show how he
had met his dreadful end. When his body had been carried from
the cellar we found ourselves still confronted with a problem
which was almost as formidable as that with which we had
started.
  "I confess that so far, Watson, I had been disappointed in my
investigation. I had reckoned upon solving the matter when once
I had found the place referred to in the Ritual; but now I was
there, and was apparently as far as ever from knowing what it
was which the family had concealed with such elaborate precau-
tions. It is true that I had thrown a light upon the fate of
Brunton, but now I had to ascertain how that fate had come upon
him, and what part had been played in the matter by the woman
who had disappeared. I sat down upon a keg in the corner and
thought the whole matter carefully over.
  "You know my methods in such cases, Watson. I put myself
in the man's place, and, having first gauged his intelligence, I
try to imagine how I should myself have proceeded under the
same circumstances. In this case the matter was simplified by
Brunton's intelligence being quite first-rate, so that it was unnec-
essary to make any allowance for the personal equation, as the
astronomers have dubbed it. He knew that something valuable
was concealed. He had spotted the place. He found that the stone
which covered it was just too heavy for a man to move unaided.
What would he do next? He could not get help from outside,
even if he had someone whom he could trust, without the
unbarring of doors and considerable risk of detection. It was
better, if he could, to have his helpmate inside the house. But
whom could he ask? This girl had been devoted to him. A man
always finds it hard to realize that he may have finally lost a
woman's love, however badly he may have treated her. He
would try by a few attentions to make his peace with the girl
Howells, and then would engage her as his accomplice. Together
they would come at night to the cellar, and their united force
would suffice to raise the stone. So far I could follow their
actions as if I had actually seen them.
  "But for two of them, and one a woman, it must have been
heavy work, the raising of that stone. A burly Sussex policeman
and I had found it no light job. What would they do to assist
them? Probably what I should have done myself. I rose and
examined carefully the different billets of wood which were
scattered round the floor. Almost at once I came upon what I
expected. One piece, about three feet in length, had a very
marked indentation at one end. while several were flattened at
the sides as if they had been compressed by some considerable
weight. Evidently, as they had dragged the stone up, they had
thrust thc chunks of wood into the chink until at last when the
opening was large enough to crawl through, they would hold it
open by a billet placed lengthwise, which might very well be-
come indented at the lower end, since the whole weight of the
stone would press it down on to the edge of this other slab. So
far I was still on safe ground.
  "And now how was I to proceed to reconstruct this midnight
drama? Clearly, only one could fit into the hole, and that one
was Brunton. The girl must have waited above. Brunton then
unlocked the box, handed up the contents presumably -- since
they were not to be found -- and then -- and then what happened?
  "What smouldering fire of vengeance had suddenly sprung
into flame in this passionate Celtic woman's soul when she saw
the man who had wronged her == wronged her, perhaps, far more
than we suspected -- in her power? Was it a chance that the wood
had slipped and that the stone had shut Brunton into what had
become his sepulchre? Had she only been guilty of silence as to
his fate? Or had some sudden blow from her hand dashed the
support away and sent the slab crashing down into its place? Be
that as it might, I seemed to see that woman's figure still
clutching at her treasure trove and flying wildly up the winding
stair, with her ears ringing perhaps with the muffled screams
from behind her and with the drumming of frenzied hands against
the slab of stone which was choking her faithless lover's life out.
  "Here was the secret of her blanched face, her shaken nerves,
her peals of hysterical laughter on the next morning. But what
had been in the box? What had she done with that? Of course, it
must have been the old metal and pebbles which my client had
dragged from the mere. She had thrown them in there at the first
opportunity to remove the last trace of her crime.
  "For twenty minutes I had sat motionless, thinking the matter
out. Musgrave still stood with a very pale face, swinging his
lantern and peering down into the hole.
  " 'These are coins of Charles the First,' said he, holding out
the few which had been in the box; 'you see we were right in
fixing our date for the Ritual.'
  " 'We may find something else of Charles the First,' I cried,
as the probable meaning of the first two questions of the Ritual
broke suddenly upon me. 'Let me see the contents of the bag
which you fished from the mere.'
  "We ascended to his study, and he laid the debris before me. I
could understand his regarding it as of small importance when I
looked at it, for the metal was almost black and the stones
lustreless and dull. I rubbed one of them on my sleeve, however,
and it glowed afterwards like a spark in the dark hollow of my
hand. The metal work was in the form of a double ring, but it
had been bent and twisted out of its onginal shape.
  " 'You must bear in mind,' said I, 'that the royal party made
head in England even after the death of the king, and that when
they at last fled they probably left many of their most precious
possessions buried behind them, with the intention of returning
for them in more peaceful times.'
  " 'My ancestor, Sir Ralph Musgrave, was a prominent cava-
lier and the right-hand man of Charles the Second in his wander-
ings,' said my friend.
  " 'Ah, indeed!' I answered. 'Well now, I think that really
should give us the last link that we wanted. I must congratulate
you on coming into the possession, though in rather a tragic
manner, of a relic which is of great intrinsic value, but of even
greater importance as a historical curiosity.'
  " 'What is it, then?' he gasped in astonishment.
  " 'It is nothing less than the ancient crown of the kings of
England.'
  " 'The crown!'
  " 'Precisely. Consider what the Ritual says. How does it run?
"Whose was it?" "His who is gone." That was after the
execution of Charles. Then, "Who shall have it?" "He who will
come." That was Charles the Second, whose advent was already
foreseen. There can, I think, be no doubt that this battered and
shapeless diadem once encircled the brows of the royal Stuarts.'
  " 'And how came it in the pond?'
  " 'Ah, that is a question that will take some time to answer.'
And with that I sketched out to him the whole long chain of
surmise and of proof which I had constructed. The twilight had
closed in and the moon was shining brightly in the sky before my
narrative was finished.
  " 'And how was it then that Charles did not get his crown
when he returned?' asked Musgrave, pushing back the relic into
its linen bag.
  " 'Ah, there you lay your finger upon the one point which we
shall probably never be able to clear up. It is likely that the
Musgrave who held the secret died in the interval, and by some
oversight left this guide to his descendant without explaining the
meaning of it. From that day to this it has been handed down
from father to son, until at last it came within reach of a man
who tore its secret out of it and lost his life in the venture.'
  "And that's the story of the Musgrave Ritual, Watson. They
have the crown down at Hurlstone -- though they had some legal
bother and a considerable sum to pay before they were allowed
to retain it. I am sure that if you mentioned my name they would
be happy to show it to you. Of the woman nothing was ever
heard, and the probability is that she got away out of England
and carried herself and the memory of her crime to some land
beyond the seas."
                     THE MUSICIANS OF BREMEN
   Once upon a time . . . an old donkey was ill-treated by his master. Tired 
of such unkindness, he decided to run away, and when he heard that Bremen was 
looking for singers with the town band, he decided that someone with a fine 
braying voice like his might be accepted.
   As he went along the road, the donkey met a skinny dog, covered with sores.
   "Come with me. If you have a good bark, you'll find a job with the band 
too. Just wait and see!"
   A little later, a stray cat, no longer able to catch mice, joined them and 
the trio trotted hopefully on towards the town. As they passed a farmyard, 
they stopped to admire an elderly cockerel who, with outstretched wings, was 
crowing to the skies.
   "You sing well," they told him. "What are you so happy about?"
   "Happy?" muttered the cockerel with tears in his eyes. "They want to put me
in the pot and make broth of me. I'm singing as hard as I can today, for 
tomorrow I'll be gone." But the donkey told him, "Run away with us. With a 
voice like yours, you'll be famous in Bremen!"
   Now there were four of them. The way was long, night fell, and very 
frightened, the four creatures found themselves in a thick forest.
   They scarcely knew whether to press on or to hide in some caves and rest. 
Suddenly, in the distance they saw a light amongst the trees. It came from a 
little cottage and they crept up to the window. The donkey placed his front 
hoofs on the window ledge. Anxious to see, the dog jumped on the donkey's 
back, the cat climbed onto the dog and the cockerel flew on top of the cat to 
watch what was going on inside.
   Now, the cottage was the hideaway of a gang of bandits who were busily 
celebrating their latest robbery. The hungry donkey and his friends became 
excited when they saw the food on the table. Upset by the Jittery crew on his 
back, the donkey stuck his head through the window and toppled his three 
companions on to the lamp. The light went out and the room rang with the 
braying of the donkey who had cut his nose on the glass, the barking of the 
dog and the snarling of the cat. The cockerel screeched along with the others.
   Taken completely by surprise, the terrified bandits fled screaming: "The
Devil! The Devil!" And their abandoned meal ended up in the four friends'
stomachs.
   Later, however, just as the donkey and his companions were dropping off to 
sleep, one of the bandits crept back to the now quiet house and went in to 
find out what had taken place. He opened the door, and with his pistol in his 
hand, he stepped trembling towards the fire. However, mistaking the glow of 
the cat's eyes for burning coals, he thrust a candle between them and 
instantly the furious cat sank its claws into the bandit's face. The man fell 
backwards on to the dog, dropping his gun, which went off, and the animal's 
sharp teeth sank into his leg. When the donkey saw the bandit's figure at the 
door, he gave a tremendous kick, sending the man flying right through the
doorway. The cockerel greeted this feat with a grim crowing sound.
   "Run!" screamed the bandit. "Run! A horrible witch in there scratched my 
face, a demon bit me on the leg and a monster beat me with a stick! And . . ."
But the other bandits were no longer listening, for they had taken to their 
heels and fled.
   And so the donkey, the dog, the cat and the cockerel took over the house 
without any trouble and, with the booty left behind by the bandits, always had
food on the table, and lived happy and contented for many years.
        Last night when I went to bed I was feeling a little weird.  I
hadn't slept the hole night before last night so that could have been
it.  I got into the shower, barely awake.  Then I got out and dried off.
After that I went into my bedroom, and my brother was still downstairs on
the computer.
        I started to dream about something.  I was walking around in a
forest.  There was a clear path which I was following.  I came upon a
brass gate.  That gate was surrounded by cement.  I opened it and walked
in.  There, was a big tree.  It almost looked like a cartoon.  It was
surrounded by cement at the bottom.  It looked like a shrine to
something.
        Then I started to float.  I was holding on to my bed with my
hands while my legs were being pulled into the air.  It felt like I was
in another dimension.  I couldn't feel anything.  Except I felt light.
Not only weight-wise, but also light in the head.
        After that I made my self wake up by thinking 'Stop It. Stop It.
Stop It".  I must have been in a lucid dream cuz I could kinda control
what was happening.  I looked towards the closet to see if the monsters
came out(Ha HA).  Then I stayed awake for about a half an hour thinking
about what just happened.  So I decided to go back to sleep and see what
happens if I think about different things.
        So, I thought about girls.  All of a sudden I felt this
enormous pressure pushing on my waist.  It hurt like a bitch.  Then I
tried it again, and what to my surprise, it happened again.  Then I woke
up again.  I thought to myself 'Maybe I have some kind of super powers
that I can control by dreaming about different things!'.
        After that weird encounter, I heard my brother in the top bunk
rolling over.  So I said, "Hey Andy".  He said. "What?".  I replied,
"Can I sleep in your bed?".  He answered, "NO!"  Then he started to make
this weird noise like "gugh gugh gugh gugh gugh gugh gugh".  He kept
chanting something like that over and over.  I tried to say, "Stop IT!",
but I couldn't get it out of my mouth.
        Then I woke up again.  It was like I was in a dream within a
dream.  I thought, 'Hey, maybe my hole life has been a dream, and now I
have just woke up'.  I doubted that when I heard my brother downstairs
typing.  So I got out of bed and "FLEW" down stairs.  I told my brother,
but he was interested in downloading things off of B.B.S.s.  We went
into the kitchen and got something to drink.  Then went upstairs.
        I slept in his bed (EEEW!) all night.  I barely got any sleep at
all.  Then I woke up or I was awake and heard a voice say "I am sorry
that you didn't die.", in a calm voice.  I was pretty sure it was just
in a dream, but if it wasn't I must have met Satan!
                         NARClSSUS
   Once upon a time . . . in Ancient Greece lived a young man called 
Narcissus, who was greatly admired, for he was very handsome. Narcissus was
very proud of his perfect face and graceful body, and never lost the chance to
look at hls reflection in any sheet of water he happened to pass. He would lie
for hours admiring his gleaming dark eyes, slender nose, slim hips and the mop
of curly hair that crowned the perfect oval of his face. You would think a
sculptor had come down from heaven to carve such a faultless body as a llvlng
image of mankind's love of beauty.
   One day, Narcissus was walking close to a precipice where the clear waters
of a cold mountain pool mirrored hls beautiful face.
   "You are handsome, Narcissus!" he told himself as he bent down to admire
his reflection. "There's nobody so handsome in the whole world! I'd love to 
kiss you."
   Narcissus was suddenly seized by the desire to kiss his own reflection and
he leant closer to the water. But he lost his balance and toppled into the
pool. Narcissus could not swim and so he drowned. But when the gods discovered
that the most beautiful being on earth had died, they decided that such beauty
could not be forgotten.
   The gods turned Narcissus into a scented flower which, to this day, 
blossoms in the mountains in spring, and which is still called Narcissus.
                           THE OBSTINATE GOATS
   Once upon a time . . . two mountain goats happened to be going down the 
opposite slopes of a valley, through which flowed a rushing river.
   Now, some of the mountain dwellers had bridged the river by placing a large
tree trunk that had been struck by lightning, to join the steep rocky banks.
   The two goats met head on half way across the tree trunk for each wanted to
cross to the other side. But the trunk was not nearly wide enough for them to 
pass each other, and neither goat was inclined to give way. Obstinately, they 
began to bicker, but neither would budge an inch. Words soon led to action and
they started to fight, till finally both tumbled off the tree trunk into the 
river below. Wouldn't it have been much simpler if only one of the goats had 
been courteous enough to allow the other to pass.
             PRINCE OMAR AND PRINCESS SHEHERAZADE
   Once upon a time, on the island of Kaledan, lived a king who was famous all
over the East, well-loved by his subjects and respected even by his enemies. 
In spite of having a good and beautiful wife, his life was not always happy. 
After years of marriage, they had no children and were afraid they would never
know the joy of a family.
   However, at long last, one splendid spring morning, a handsome baby boy was
born and his delighted parents called him Omar. In the language of Kaledan, 
this means "shining light". The years went by and Omar grew into a 
fine-looking youth, brave, intelligent and kind-hearted.
   On his eighteenth birthday, the king sent for his son.
   "Omar, now that you've come of age, you must find a wife. Choose one of the
many princesses you've met and whose only dream is of marrying you."
   "Father," said Omar respectfully, "I've no intention of getting married. 
I'm still young and I'd rather wait till the time is ripe. I want to think 
about it for at least another year." The king agreed and Omar spent the year 
studying with the wisest and cleverest teachers in the kingdom. And though he 
got to know a number of girls, he did not fall in love. When twelve months had
passed, the young prince was again summoned to his father.
   "Well, son," said the king anxiously, "when am I to announce your 
engagement?"
   "Alas, father, I still haven't met the right girl," was Omar's reply. The 
king lost his temper.
   "Omar! You must stop wasting time. You're a grown man now and I want to see
your heirs. Think of the future and make up your mind without delay."
   "I'm sorry, father, I can't do that just yet. I'm not in love and so I 
can't get married." The king, who could not bear to be crossed in such an 
important matter, went into a rage. He shouted for the guards and ordered them
to shut the prince in an old castle in the forest.
   In the meanwhile, lovely sweetnatured Princess Sheherazade was a maiden 
whose home was in China. When she became sixteen years old, her father 
insisted she marry one of the princes that flocked to court her. But 
Sheherazade was waiting to meet a true love. And since nothing the king, her 
father, did served to change her mind, he locked the princess up in one of the
palaces.
   "I'd rather be a prisoner," said the princess, than have a husband I didn't
love."
   Meantime, Omar spent lonely sad days in the castle where he was held 
prisoner. However, two invisible genies, Abhu and Dhabi were amusing 
themselves, unknown to the prince, by secretly watching his movements. One day
Abhu said to his friend:
   "Omar is the most handsome person in the whole world."
   "Not so!" exclaimed Dhabi. "The most beautiful person in the world is 
Sheherazade, the King of China's daughter." The genies started to argue, then 
decided to ask Lilibeth, the daughter of the genie king to judge the matter. 
Lilibeth's advice was this:
   "Go to China, cast a sleeping spell over the princess and bring her to
Omar's castle. When you see them together, then you'll soon see which is the 
most beautiful." That very night Abhu and Dhabi flew all the way to China. The
two genies sent the princess to sleep and carried her to Omar's castle.
   "They're so lovely, they seem made for each other," remarked the genies, 
gazing at the two young people together. "If only they could get to know each 
other . . ." And in the hope that they might, the genies hid behind a curtain 
and waited . . .
   Not long afterwards, Sheherazade opened her eyes and, when she saw Omar at 
her side, her heart began to thump. This was the man she would like to marry. 
So she took off one of her rings and slipped it on to his finger as a token of
love. Then she went back to sleep. On wakening a little later, Omar set eyes 
on Sheherazade and was overwhelmed by her beauty.
   "If this girl is as kind as she's beautiful, she would make a wonderful 
wife," said Omar to himself as he gazed at her in amazement. Then he took off 
a ruby ring and slipped it onto the princess's finger. Drowsy again, he fell 
asleep. Abhu and Dhabi crept out from behind the curtain, wide-eyed.
   "They've fallen in love," said Dhabi. "What are we to do now?" 
   "Take Sheherazde home again. But if they have really fallen in love, 
they'll move heaven and earth to meet again."
   And so, when Omar awoke, Sheherazade had vanished. Confused and upset, the 
prince asked his guards and servants if they had seen her. When the king heard
the story, he told Omar:
   "My lad, you are losing your head over a girl you dreamed about!"
   "No, she wasn't a dream," the prince insisted. "This is the ring she left 
me!" Omar was lovesick. The king called doctors and wise men, but there was 
nothing they could do, for Omar was losing his will to live.
   And far away, Sheherazade was pining in sorrow. The king was certain his 
daughter must have dreamt it all. How otherwise could she have met the 
mysterious young man? The only person who believed the princess was Marzuan, a
childhood friend, and he offered to search for the missing youth. Sheherazade 
handed him Omar's ruby ring. Marzuan set out that same day but, though he 
travelled far and wide, no-one could give him a clue as to the young man's 
identity.
   In the meantime, Abhu and Dhabi secretly followed in his tracks. One day, a
merchant told Marzuan that, on the island of Kaledan, there was a lovesick 
prince. Feeling that this might be the very person he was seeking, Marzuan 
took a passage on a ship bound for Kaledan. After days of sailing, a terrible 
storm broke, driving the ship onto a reef, where it sank. Clinging to a 
floating spar, Marzuan held on till the storm died away, then headed for the 
shore. The beach was deserted, but in the distance he could see the turrets of
a castle. Then, as he was getting his strength back, he saw a horseman 
approach.
   "Where am I?" Marzuan asked the stranger.
   "On the island of Kaledan," replied the horseman. "Who are you?" Marzuan 
jumped to his feet.
   "I'm a doctor, and famous in my own land. I hear that a prince here is 
seriously ill, and I'd like to try and cure him."
   "Yes," replied the horseman, "Prince Omar is indeed seriously ill, but it 
seems his illness is fatal." Disturbed by his words, Marzuan sald:
   "Take me to him straight away." When admitted to Omar's presence, without 
saying a word~ Marzuan showed him the ruby ring. Omar uttered a shriek and 
leapt to his feet. The onlookers stared in surprise.
   "This is the ring I gave to the girl I want to marry!" the prince exclaimed
joyfully.
   "That young lady is Sheherazade. She lives in far off China and is dying to
see you again," Marzuan told him instantly. Omar was delighted. In finding the
girl of his dreams, he would be truly happy.
   He presented Marzuan with a jewelled sword and a splendid horse, as fast as
the wind, as a token of thanks. Then he told him to take him as quickly as 
could be to the beautiful princess. Overcoming all the difficulties that it 
had to face during the long journey, the cheerful procession led by Omar and 
Marzuan, many days later, reached distant China. When they reached 
Sheherazade's city, Omar announced his arrival by sending a messenger with a 
letter for the princess and a diamond ring.
   At long last, the couple had met again. They exchanged their first, 
affectionate words and found they really were meant for each other. Sure of 
their feelings and anxious to start a new life together, Omar and Sheherazade 
quickly asked the king's permission to get married as soon as possible.
   The invisible genies, Abhu and Dhabi too, were at the wedding, a few days 
later.
   "Sheherazade really is lovely!" Dhabi exclaimed.
   "Yes, but Omar . . ." said Abhu.
   "Are you looking for an argument again?" demanded Dhabi. Just then, 
Lilibeth, the genie king's daughter appeared.
   "We still haven't decided which is the better-looking," said Abhu and Dhabi.
   "Well, I'd say they are the best-looking couple in the world," said 
Lilibeth. "And I'm certain their children will be even more handsome."
   And so the argument finally ended to everybody's satisfaction, and the two 
genies hugged each other contentedly.
                          THE OX AND THE FROG
   Once upon a time . . . a conceited frog never missed an opportunlty to show
hls fnends how different he was, and how much better than everyone else. When 
folk were jumping, he always tried to do the highest jump, when it was a 
question of diving, he was first into the water. In other words, he had to be
tops all the time. One day, a big ox carne to drink at the pond. Frightened,
all the frogs hopped away to hide in the reeds, but when they saw that the ox 
was harmless, they came out again to watch the huge beast. "Isn't he 
whopping!" they exclaimed to each other. One frog then said: "It would take
hundreds of frogs like us to make one of him!"
   Now, the conceited frog, far more scared than the others, had dived into 
the water at the sight of the ox. But a little later he returned and, after 
listening to his friends' remarks, he said: "He's certainly bigger than we 
are. But he's not enormous!"
   But nobody was paying any attention to the conceited frog, so he raised his
voice . . . and puffing out his chest, announced: "I could easily become as 
big as that ox! Look!"
   The frogs began to smirk. "You're very little, far too little!" But the 
frog just blew himself out even more. "Now look," he whispered, as he tried 
not to lose air. His friends giggled. h "What about now?" he managed to gasp, 
as he blew some more. "The ox is much bigger," came the reply. The onceited 
frog made a last great effort: taking an extra deep breath, he blew himself up
until . . . BANG! His skin burst! The astonished frogs saw their friend 
disappear from sight, for nothin was left of the conceited frog but scraps of 
green skin. The ox, who had raised his head when he heard the bang, went back
to his drinking,  and the frogs hopped away, remarking: "It dosn't do to 
become too swollen-headed . . ."
William Slattery 76630,3416
                             PAINKILLER
Nurse Laurie Schroeder's hand rose in small jerks as if it were
surprising itself, each movement bringing the middle knuckle of her mid-
dle finger inexorably closer to the tip of her nose.
"You've had that knuckle all of your life," said a soothing,
pleasant, seemingly neverending voice beside her, "but I'll bet you've
never really taken the time to study that knuckle.  And that is your job,
your only job, the only thing I want you to do.
"As you look at that knuckle you'll see lines that meet, lines that
intersect, lines that dead end.  Even after you think you've seen all
there is to see about that knuckle, every once in a while you'll see
something new.  It may be a difference in color between the knuckle and
the rest of the finger, it might be a difference in texture....and each
time you see something different your hand will become lighter, the hand
will rise more and more into the air, and the knuckle will come closer
and closer to your nose...."  "Nurse!"
The shout and the howl of anguish following it jolted Laurie
Schroeder upright; it also caused Hartley McVey a painful spasm at the
site of his incision.
"I'm sorry," she said to Hartley.  He gingerly swung his legs and
feet back into his hospital bed and waved away her apology.
"You're a terrific subject, Laurie," he said.  "No harm done, and
don't worry about a thing.  I'll certainly be here for a while.  We'll
have another chance.  Maybe later, after you take care of Mr. Harris."
"Right," she said and twisted her upper lip into a face that spoke
volumes.  Three times Hartley had tried to hypnotize her, and all three
times Abbott Harris, two rooms away,  had broken the spell.  It was not a
matter of bad timing.  Any time would have been bad simply because Abbott
Harris never seemed to shut up.  "I'll be back when you get your Tens
unit anyway," nurse Schroeder said as she left.
 He'd almost forgotten.  The Tens unit.  If it worked, blocking
pain signals going to his brain with little measured jolts of its own
electricity, he might be able to reduce his use of pain medication.
Hartley looked forward to trying it.  Even if it didn't work, it was a
gadget, and Hartley loved gadgets.
"Oh my God, for the love of G-O-D, please.  Nurse!"
Attila the Hun would have melted, Hartley thought.
He looked over at Willie in the next bed.  Finally he was asleep or
seemed to be, and Hartley breathed as deeply as his staples allowed.  He
liked Willie, but Willie could be tiring...literally tiring.  Straight
out of a Dannon yogurt commercial, Willie was a 93-year-old Georgian who
could pace for hours while in barely decipherable English relive his
middle-age World War II exploits behind German lines and then suddenly
and limberly drop into a near lotus position while he explained the phi-
losophy behind execution.  Hartley was awed by the old man and unabashed-
ly envious.  Willie was "in" for a "tune-up" as he put it to put his 63-
year-old son's mind to rest by proving he didn't have anything wrong with
him.
Hartley had just had his gallbladder and a chunk of intestine
removed.  What was so annoying was Willie's inability to understand how
anything could go wrong in only 45 years.  He had a 122-year-old uncle,
he said, and Hartley believed him.  He also said his uncle still had his
gallbladder, and Hartley believed that, too.
"Oh God, nurse, oh, please...." Harris plaintively wailed, his plea
penetrating the entire east wing.  As usual, several visitors had left
the rooms of those they'd come to visit and begun to file by Hartley's
door to gather outside Harris' room; they were the unititiated.  Those
who'd on an earlier occasion raced to see if they could help the poor man
so obviously being mistreated by the staff no longer bothered.
"God..." the outcry muted abruptly.
Nurse Schroeder had arrived.
  Hartley looked at his watch.  It wasn't time for Harris' pain
shot yet, so Hartley figured he'd either wanted his pillow fluffed or had
run out of ice water.
"He noisy," Willie observed, still lying on his side, his eyes
closed.  Hartley wondered if Willie really had been asleep at all.  Or if
he ever slept.
"He is that, Willie.  I doubt Mr. Belski ever in his life thought
he'd be lucky to be in a coma."  Belski was Harris' rommate; theirs was
one of the more perfect matches made in Angel of Mercy administration.
"Mr. Harris is lonely," Willie said.
"Aren't we all."
"No," Willie said.  He'd accepted Hartley's statement as a ques-
tion.  "Most have somebody, even an enemy.  He has no time to make
friends, so he makes enemies.  Easier."
"Maybe if I get to be your age I'll be as smart as you," Hartley
said, meaning it.
"You won't get to be my age."
A spasm raced through Hartley's abdomen; Willie, of course was
right, Hartley thought, but he asked anyway: "Why not?"
"Because you keep saying maybe," Willie answered, and, his eyes
still closed, grinned exaggeratedly.
"I tell people things like that, Willie.  I make my living telling
people things like that.  It doesn't mean I have to believe them."
"People pay you to put them to sleep, yes?"
"Well that's part of it.  I also sell them crystals to help them
meditate and tap into their higher levels of self-awareness. All very
scientific."
Willie emitted a high nonagenarian giggle.
"You think you're a pretty good crook, huh?  Thief."
"I'm not a thief, Willie.  I resent that. There are many more
forces at work around us than you can measure with  yardsticks and
clocks.  At your age, you should know that."
"At my age I do know that."
"Well, then, even if the sciences of cards and crystals and medita-
tion are still a little crude -- we only entered The Age of Aquarius in
1975 -- that doesn't mean people can't benefit from them.  My clients
find...peace of mind.  That's not crooked, and I'm not a thief."  "Do you
believe in..." Willie just waved his right hand in circles.
What I believe -- or don't -- doesn't matter.  If they think a rock
will solve their problems and their problems are solved, who cares about
the rock?"
"You are right.  Total right," Willie said.  "That's your problem."
"Now what the hell does that mean?"
"It means that you are right.  You have troubles with English?  You
are right.  To be at peace is a wonderful thing -- the only big thing.
To make people be at peace is very good...very honorable.  The rocks and
the words, they don't matter; you are right, but you don't believe you
are right.  You really believe you are a thief."
Hartley sighed.  It wasn't time for a shot or a pill or even a meal
-- anything that would break up the day.  And save him from listening to
Willie, which became increasingly taxing as days passed, especially when
Willie was right or even stood a chance of being right.
Hartley had what he described as a "flexible" past.  Four years as
a New York City cop followed by eight years as a news reporter and
preceded by jobs ranging from bus boy to guinea pig for submarine escape
suit tests for the Navy in Antartic temperature water.  Interspersed with
a year as a hypnotist.  Flexible might not be the right word, but it
suited him.
Not a specialist in anything and having simply seen and done too
much, Hartley had carried if you can't beat 'em join 'em a step further
to joining them and being able to laugh at them.  Sometimes the laughter
was a little forced, but, for the most part, Hartley was satisfied with
his life.  In the relative lull, the only sounds those of sqeaky IV poles
and the occasionally murmuring intercom,  Hartley reflected on his past
and wondered is flexible might not simply be flippant.  There had been a
time he'd really believed he could make a difference in the world; he'd
even campaigned for Eugene McCarthy.  Gradually, though, the mileage had
built up on Hartley.  Husbands beating wives who'd gladly stab the cop
who tried to stop it, loonies proudly taking credit for blowing up
strangers, streams of dead kids or dead cabbies interspersed with jewelers
robbing themselves for the insurance.
One very tired, very rainy night on the curving driveway of the
Jacob Javits Convention Center as he stared into the trunk of an abandon-
ed car trying to figure out how many people were entangled in the bloody
mess inside, he'd realized the whole damned world was orchestrated, that
all these things were factored into the mechanism, and that as a cop he
was no more than one extra moving part.
Three, he'd figured.  Definitely six hands and only three with
watches.
It was an epiphany for Hartley.  He was not meant to fix things, to
make them right.  He was meant to do exactly what he was doing because
part of the Grand Scheme called for three dead people with six hands and
three watches to be in a car trunk, and another part of The Plan said
there had to be somebody around to count them.  He was not meant to fix
things because they weren't broken.
And in a world where everything is as it should be, what can you do
to bitch about it?
You write about it.
The newspapers and broadcast media didn't hold much interest for
Hartley -- without having to try them he knew working for them would
amount to no more than changing his place in The Mechanism.  But he had
good contacts throughout the media.  So, with a downtown buddy assuring  he
got a coveted New York City police press card, he set up McVey Fea-
tures.  He freelanced for everybody, took assignments from anybody, and
in violation of contemporary wisdom of the New York journalism scene,
prospered.
Within two years he'd hired a few NYU students to monitor the po-
lice radios, and when Frank Adderly had gotten tired of taking corpse
pictures for forensic and decided to join Hartley, McVey Features ex-
panded its services to providing art.  By his fourth year he was success-
ful enough to make the news and broadcast unions officially edgy -- which
he didn't want to do mostly because a lot of those people were personal
friends, so he backed off, hung around the United Nations, wrote some
samples, and pretty soon was stringing for English-language papers from
Dublin to Tel Aviv.
Then one night he and Frank walked into a foyer of a walkup in
Chelsea, had stood stock still and looked at each other.  Hartley sniffed
the air again.  So did Frank.
"Dead person," he said, and Frank agreed.
And so Hartley had had another epiphany -- or perhaps it was just
an obvious milepost.
When you can smell the difference between a dead human and a dead
cat, it's time to move on.
Hartley had moved on with a vengeance.  If he was destined to be a
moving part, then he would really move.  If he couldn't change the world
-- and by then Hartley truthfully wasn't sure he wanted to anymore --
then he was going to do his damndest to enjoy playing games with it.
And so was born Golden Grail Associates.
With the help (and inspiration) of a prudish nude dancer named Daf-
fodil and a lot of research, Hartley became the New Age wizard of the Up-
per East Side.  He tarot-ed 'em, hypnotized 'em and crystallized 'em.
And they loved it to well into six figures a year.  And that gave him
enough cushion to take a vacation whenever his clients were too happy
with him and he was in danger of taking himself seriously.
A problem he never would face with Willie, whose 93 years made him
too damned shrewd.
"Nurse Laurie, she wants to lose weight, right?"  Willie more
stated than asked, bringing him back to his bland beige room, his IV
tubes, his naso-gastric tube and the drain that dumped greenish black
gunk from his insides to a plastic bag dngling from the bed.
"Yeah.  About 20 pounds.  She'll look terrific."
"And with this knuckle thing you can talk her into losing weight,
right?"
"Something like that."
"Then your not a thief."
"Of course I'm not a thief. I told you I'm not a thief.  I'm not
even charging her!"
Willie cackled.  "Sure you charging her.  Your belly hurts, you get
your medicine quick, right?  You get it quicker than Mr. Harris, right?
