adamantite-alloyed armor to his body, he strapped his +3 hand axe
and +5 holy longsword to either side.  Finally, he picked up his
+4 shield and slid his arm through it.
     One more trinket caught his eye, and he felt even worse for
having forgotten it.  It was Sick Sword's ring of shooting stars. 
A year-and-a-half ago, right after the downfall of the Disgusting
Characters, he'd given her the only ring he had, which was his
own ring of shooting stars.
     "That's sweet," Sick Sword had told him, but insisted that
he take _her_ ring of shooting stars, both to make them even and
in case he ever needed a shooting stars ring again.  Of course
he'd later recovered his old +3-in-a-five-foot-radius ring of
protection since he'd used up his potions and had two more slots
available within his magic item limits, but at times he had
cherished the ring she'd exchanged with him.
     He picked up the ring, turned it over in his hand, almost
put it back down, and finally slid it over his left ring finger
with a sigh.
     He opened the outer door, looked out solemnly, then looked
back one last time.  "Sick Sword," he began.
     "GET OUT!" came the reply.
     "I still love you."
     "_GET OUT_!!"
     And so, he did.  He had only one last stop to make, and that
was at the one-horse stall just off the east side of the keep.
     "Warhorse, old boy," Ringman addressed his warhorse, "It
looks like we'll be riding off alone again."
     The horse neighed in apparent sympathy and understanding.
     Ringman checked the horse's hooves; yes, the horseshoes of
speed were still firmly in place beneath the horseshoes of the
zephyr.  He hauled out his warhorse's old suit of magic plate
barding and began to put it on him; the horse didn't mind, seeing
that the armor was nearly weightless.  Odd; the Dungeon Master
must have decided to publish another official book, since the
horse's plate barding had dropped from +5 to +3 and was now only
meteorite iron steel.  Unlashing the horse's reins from the
hitching post, he put his right foot in the right meteorite-steel
stirrup, pulled himself up onto the meteorite-steel saddle, and
urged the horse forward with a sulken "Giddyap."
     He couldn't believe Sick Sword had actually thrown him out. 
She was his girlfriend -- effectively his _wife_ -- and she just
tossed him out like all their months together had meant nothing. 
He shook his head hard.  Why had he pushed her so hard about the
way she should raise their kids?!  Couldn't he have just talked
her out of her position more slowly?  Now those poor, fatherless
children would have an even bigger chance of turning to the wrong
side!
     He'd taken an oath, he assured himself; he'd taken an oath
when he became a paladin to uphold truth, justice, and the
lawful-good way.  Like The Impossible Dream, he would "fight for
the right without question or pause" and "be willing to march
into hell for a heavenly cause."  He had to tell her, straight-
out, that she was raising their kids to be just as disgusting of
characters as the ones they'd both despised.  Maybe she'd cool
down, eventually; maybe she'd even see it his way.
     He rode off into the wilderness.  He didn't feel like going
back into town right away.  The old I.U.D.C. headquarters at the
bank of Crysglass lake, in fact, would probably provide the
solitude he needed, if it wasn't swarming with scavenging
looters.  Who needed that old Sick Sword anyway?  After all, from
one centaur she'd gained four million experience points, and from
being instrumental in saving Central Earth _he'd_ gained enough
experience points to put him a fourth of the way to his next
level. . . .
                                #
     Peter Perfect hadn't heard many things from all the times
the Anti-Disgusting Characters had come to gawk at him, but he'd
heard enough.  Every magic item and magic artifact the Union had
had was stored in some vault a few levels below The Dungeon. 
This included his sentient holy sword, Prometheus.  He crossed
his legs on the floor and tried as best he could to let his mind
slip into alpha state.  He wondered why he had never thought of
this before.
     'Prometheus,' the word echoed in his mind.  'Prometheus,
hear me!'
     The sword should answer.  Eventually.  Even if Peter wasn't
telepathic any more, his sword still was.
     'Prometheus!'
     "I hear you, Peter Perfect."
     A response!  The sword heard him!  At least he _hoped_ that
dull voice in his head was the sword's and not something he'd
made up.  'Prometheus, where are you?'
     "I'm in a dark vault surrounded by bits of enchanted junk. 
I think I'm a few levels below ground in a freehold basement."
     'What signal strength are you reaching me at?'
     "Really strong.  I figure you couldn't be more than fifty
feet away.  Say, why didn't you use any of your telepathic powers
to call me?"
     'Because the Anti-Disgusting Characters stripped me of all
my psychic abilities.  Listen, can you cut your way through the
ceiling?'
     "Sure, I can try, but I can only animate myself for one
minute."
     Peter Perfect sighed.  'Yeah, that's right, your telekinesis
only lasts that long.  Well, give it a try and see what happens.'
     "Okay," the voice agreed.
     Deep within a chamber beneath The Dungeon, something moved. 
It wriggled its way through all the helms of brilliance and rings
of elemental command that had been heaped on top of it, and shot
up, impaling itself in the ceiling.  There, it sawed and pried
enough of the stones loose for its hilt to fit through, slid all
the way up to the next level, and found a darkened room there
too.
     "I made it up one level," the voice told Peter Perfect, "But
you're still a ways above me.  I'd estimate you're twenty or
twenty-five feet away."
     'Well, your teek still has some time to run.  Plow up
through another level.'
     "Roger."
     The object shot up through the darkness and impacted the
ceiling.  Peter Perfect could see the glowing green blade
sticking though his own cell floor.
     "It's working, Prometheus!" Peter Perfect urged it on with
his own voice.  "Work your way up through the rock!"
     The sword blade jutted its full length through the stone and
smacked into its own hilt.  "I can't go any further," it spoke to
Peter directly, "I can get my blade or my handle though, but my
T.K.'s almost gone and I can't work a hole big enough to fit my
hilt through."
     By now everyone's attention was drawn to Peter Perfect's
cell.  Even Wild Max the Grandfather of Assassins was getting
interested.
     "Then turn around and stick your grip through the hole,"
Peter Perfect insisted.  "I'll take it from there."
     "Okay, but --"  The blade withdrew from sight and switched
to telepathy.  "-- hurry up!  I'm almost out of lift!"
     The grip of the sword barely managed to poke itself through
the hole.  It shuddered, and started to drop -- and at just that
instant, Peter whipped out his hand and grabbed the handle. 
"GOTCHA!" he cried.
     "Yaaaaay!" all the other Disgusting prisoners cheered.
     Peter Perfect acknowledged the cheers of his audience, then
started to pull the sword loose.  "Come on, give," he insisted,
futilely trying to pull the sword through the hole with his
makeshift titan strength.  "What do they make the floors out of
in these places, anyway?"
     "Interlocking silicate stones containing trace quantities of
mithral, bound together by a mortar laced with 7.3 percent
mithral," the sword told him.  "Far more sturdy than the stuff
they made the last floor out of."
     "Prometheus," Peter Perfect said as he continued pulling.
     "Yes?"
     "Shut up."
     Peter started jamming the sword back-and-forth.  Bits of
rock crumbled away.  Finally, he gave a good stiff yank and the
whole assembly sprang out of the ground and held itself upright
in his right hand.
     "All RIGHT, Prometheus," Peter cheered, "We're a team again! 
Now let's get out of this rat trap!"
     He swung the sword around edge-on at the bars of his cell. 
The sword thwacked against a bar, made a loud ringing sound, and
shook in his hand.  The bar wasn't even scratched.
     "Damn," Peter cursed, "That's right.  Solid adamantite bars. 
The pure metal is +6, and you're only a +5 holy avenger.  Well,
the floor is just plain old mithral-laced, and that's only +4; so
it looks like we're gonna have to tunnel our way out."
     He hacked at the ground with Prometheus, widening the old
gash by several centimeters.  He stuck the sword in the crack and
began to saw.  In two minutes he'd nearly completed a full
circle.  Finally, he withdrew his holy sword and stamped his foot
down hard on the saw-loosened section of floor.  The little tab
still holding it on broke, and the disk fell through with a
crash.
     Peter triumphantly jumped down the hole, landed on top of
the slab he'd just loosened, and added enough weight to the
already-punctured floor beneath him to break _it_ as well and
continue on down until he landed in a pile of miscellaneous magic
items.
     Shaking himself back to his senses, he held prometheus up
high and looked around.  The green glow from the sword
illuminated everything within a twenty foot radius; and
everything within that radius looked wonderful.
     "This is IT!" Peter Perfect cried.  "This is where all our
stuff is stored!  In fact . . . yep, there it is!  My old +5 suit
of plate mail!"
     He pulled himself up onto his legs with his makeshift titan
strength (the permanent potion he had in effect didn't increase
his to-hit chances, you see) and walked through the minefield of
magic items to his suit of armor.  He was about to put it on when
a shimmer off to one side caught his eye.  The sword's green
light glittered off a coat of very fine chain links.
     "On the other hand," Peter Perfect mused, "Why bother with
just a run-of-the-mill suit of +5 plate mail . . ."  He crossed
to the chain coat and took it off its wall peg.  ". . . When I
can have the Invulnerable Coat of Arnd?"
     "Good choice," said Prometheus, thoroughly impressed. 
"Didn't that used to belong to Omnion?"
     "Aah, Omnion's dead now anyway," Peter replied, pulling the
coat over his head.  "She won't miss it."  He got the coat all
the way on and put his arms through the sleeves.  "Hmmm . . .
this only goes out as far as my upper arms and down as far as my
groin.  I'm gonna have to pirate the leggings and vambraces from
my old magic plate mail."
     He did.  His forearms and legs were now armor class -2.  He
clanked the vambraces on his arms together.  "Ahh, adamantite
alloy once again.  It feels so good to have this stuff back on my
body."  He tried to impale himself with Prometheus, but it only
sent up a few sparks.  "And this mail is totally unbreachable.  I
wonder what kind of stuff it's made out of; pure adamantite would
only be +6.  Now then, where's my Axe of the Dwarvish Lords?"
     He found his Axe, of course, after he'd located a scarab of
protection to let him resist the Axe's malevolent effects.  He
also found a germanium ring (that would be a ring of protection)
and an obsidian ring (a ring of regeneration).  His cup and
talisman of Al Akbar were hidden behind somebody else's +5 suit
of leather armor.  He eventually collected a helm of brilliance,
a helm of telepathy, a helm of teleportation (which he carefully
stacked on his head), a medallion of ESP with empathy, all the
rings of elemental command, a rod of lordly might, a cube of
force, a vampiric ring of regeneration, five dull gray ioun
stones (which he remembered he didn't need since his psionics
were gone), his +4 cloak of protection, a girdle of titan
strength, one pair of reverse eyes of petrification, his warhorse
(which had been stowed in a portable hole for the last year-and-
a-half), his warhorse's plate barding (which was still +5),
gautlets of dexterity, gauntlets of ogre power, a ring of raise
dead fully, a book of infinite spells or two, every other ring he
could possibly use (he could stack them on the inner and outer
sides of his gauntlets), his longsword of green dragon slaying,
and all the other various odds-and-ends he'd had when the Union
was still in force.  It was a good thing he had enough portable
holes to carry everything in.
     Getting out was the easy part.  He simply knocked open the
vault door from the inside, mounted his warhorse, rode across to
the staircase, and galloped out to freedom.
     "Hey," Prometheus complained, "Aren't you going to free the
rest of your comrades?"
     "Are you kidding?  Most of them are evil."
     "Rango the ranger isn't evil."
     "THAT wimp?  You must be kidding.  Let him find his own way
out."
     "Don't you even feel obliged to get back at Clerasil and
Wierd Dough for the way they treated him?  And you?"
     "No, no," Peter explained, "Vengeance isn't my style."
     'Now to get even,' he thought nastily.
                                #
     Tiamat rolled lazily over onto her back and laid another
white dragon egg.  This one was of the small variety, so the
white dragon that grew out of it wouldn't have quite as many hit
dice as it could.  She wondered if she should bother sending it
to a cooler climate so that it could survive.
     'Naah,' she figured, 'I saved a white dragon runt last week. 
Let this one burn here in Hell.'
     A rap on her front door rudely interrupted her train of
thought.  "Come in," she grumbled.
     Peter Perfect flung open the five-ton mithral door. 
Suddenly, Tiamat breathed with all five of her heads at once, and
Peter got hit with a cone of frost (which bounced off his
Invulnerable Coat of Arnd), a bolt of lightning (which bounced
off his Coat of Arnd), a stream of acid (which bounced off his
Coat of Arnd), a cloud of chlorine gas (which bounced off his
necklace of adaptation), and a cone of fire (which bounced off
his cup and talisman of Al Akbar).
     "WHAT DO YOU WANT?" all five of Tiamat's heads requested at
once.
     "Do you always breathe first and ask questions later?"
     "Of course," her red and white heads replied, "It keeps out
the door-to-door salesmen."
     "Tiamat, let me get right to the point."
     "Ohhh, please doooooooo. . . ." her black head said acidly.
     "I need some help taking revenge on the Anti-Disgusting
Characters."
     "And what's in it for me?" her white head asked coldly.
     "If I'm right, your life."
     "That's a pretty serious threat," her red head growled
hotly. 
     "Do you seriously think that those new sick kids Sick Sword
and Ringman have are going to just let you crank out evil dragons
in peace?  More likely, they're going to try to hack your brains
out right here in your lair.  And if they're anything like their
mother, they'll succeed."
     "I see your point," her blue head agreed, and there was a
spark to its voice.
     "So what do we do?" Peter inquired.
     "_WE_ DON'T DO ANYTHING," the five heads said in unison. 
"_YOU_ WOULDN'T STAND A CHANCE AGAINST SICK SWORD ONE-ON-ONE.  IN
FACT, NEITHER WOULD I; BUT I _CAN_ DESTROY HER AND HER FAMILY
. . ." she inhaled, "THROUGH TREACHERY.  SHE AND HER CONSORT,
RINGMAN, HAVE RECENTLY SPLIT UP, BUT HE DOES NOT REALIZE THAT SHE
IS PREGNANT WITH YET A _THIRD_ CHILD.  A BOY.  I SHALL PLANT THE
SEED OF EVIL WITHIN SICK SWORD'S WOMB.  WITHOUT A FATHER TO GUIDE
HIM, AND WITH HIS MOTHER PUSHING HIM TOWARDS
DISGUSTING-CHARACTER-LIKE POWER, HE WILL EASILY FALL PREY TO
BECOMING EXACTLY WHAT SHE DESPISES."
     "Okay, great," Peter Perfect agreed, "But how are you going
to plant this 'seed of evil' in her womb?"
     Her green head said: "I'm not," and then the other four
heads kicked back in: "YOU ARE."
     Peter folded his arms.  "Phhh, oh, right, I'm just going to
walk over to her with a packet of seeds and stuff them up her
birth canal without her objecting."
     The chromatic dragon only smiled evilly.  Her blue head: "Do
you have a potion of polymorph self in permanent effect on you?"
     "Of course I do."
     "Good. . . ."
                                #
     Sick Sword felt despondent.  Why should she? she thought. 
What did she need that paladin for, anyway?  Anybody who said she
shouldn't raise her kids to be tough and successful deserved to
be thrown out.  Maybe she just needed somebody else to go to bed
with.  Yeah, that must be it, she just had to get laid.
     She set Disgusting Sword and Ridiculous Sword down -- they'd
know how to take care of themselves -- put on her most arousing
skin-tight suit, and teleported into town just outside the
saloon.
     "Hey, Sick Sword!" echoed someone's voice as she walked
through the swinging doors.  Then another: "Hey, Sick Sword!"
     "How ya doin', Sick Sword?!" everybody turned around and
said.
     Sick Sword smiled wanly and started checking out the meat. 
She knew most of these guys so well she couldn't stomach the idea
of propositioning them.  There was one newcomer who caught her
eye, though, and she decided to try him.
     "You're new around here, aren't you?" she sidled up to him.
     The stranger's azure eyes looked straight at her.  There was
a nervousness about them that he kept carefully hidden.  "Yes, as
a matter of fact, this is the first time I've been out in over a
year.  I'm a paladin."
     "Really?" she said.  "Uh, hold on just a moment."
     She turned around, made some barely-noticeable gestures,
took a pinch of something out of a pouch, and mumbled some
phrases in Latin.  The stranger cupped one hand to his ear and
listened.  He recognized the incantation; she was casting a
detect lie spell.  He would have to be very careful about what he
said to her from then on.
     Forty-two seconds later, she whirled back around and asked,
"Say that again?"
     "You mean that I'm a paladin?"
     In her mind, a green light blinked over the stranger's head. 
He was telling the truth.  "How interesting.  I like paladins. 
What's your name?"
     The stranger's eyes rolled up into his head for a split-
second, then he decided, "Call me Slim."
     He wasn't very slim -- he was quite brawny, as a matter of
fact -- but she let it slide.  "Okay, Slim," she stuck out her
right hand, "I'm --"
     "Sick Sword.  Yes, I know."  He took her hand and kissed it. 
"I've heard much about you, m'lady."
     Sick Sword took her right hand back with a coquettish smile. 
"You're cute, you know that?"
     Slim smiled and raised his eyebrows.  "Yes, I do.  You're
not so bad-looking yourself, either."
     "Hey," Sam the bar frequenter said to the bartender,
"Wouldja lookit Sick Sword put the moves on that guy?"
     The bartender shook his head.  "I know.  Jeez."
     "But don't she and Ringman --"
     "Well, ya never can tell these days."
     "So," Sick Sword winked at her pick-up, "You wanna split
this joint and come up to my keep?"
     "Mmmm, sounds like fun."  He winked back.
     'Thank goodness this guy doesn't scare as easily as most of
them do,' she thought.
     "So, are you going to use any of those special powers of
yours and teleport us there, or --"
     "As a matter of fact --" boink "-- yes, I am."
     Slim looked around and took his bearings.  Considering the
large bed dominating the scene, this was probably her bedroom. 
This girl didn't waste any time.  He felt even more nervous than
before, now that he was in her home court.  He had no armor,
weapons, psionic powers, or charms; if she decided to take her
troubles out on him now . . .
     She stripped herself down to her bare 18 charisma skin right
in front of him.  He would have come in his pants were his
charisma not the epitome of perfection to match.  He slowly
unbuttoned his shirt, exposing the beefy chest within.  Sick
Sword couldn't restrain herself any longer and took off his
clothes for him in a 150%-permanent-potion-of-speeded flash.
     They didn't even bother to get beneath the sheets.
                                #
     "Mmmm, you're not bad, kiddo," Sick Sword cooed into his ear
after the exciting part was over.  "Where did you say you were
from?"
     "I didn't say where I was from," Slim told her.  "I hope I
didn't get you --"
     "Oh, don't worry about that, I'm _already_ pregnant."
     "Oh . . ." Slim said, trying to act surprised.  "Um, I
meant, I hope I didn't give you any --"
     "Well, you're immune to diseases anyway, being a paladin and
all; and even if you _are_ carrying something, I've always got my
periapt of health."
     "Oh.  Glad to hear it.  Well . . ."
     "Well, um, I . . . uh . . . guess I'll see you later then?"
     "Uh, yeah, guess I'll see you later too."
     They got up and got dressed at opposite ends of the room. 
If anything, Sick Sword felt worse.
     "G'bye," Slim said, and walked out the front door.
     'Hmm,' She figured, 'Guess he didn't need a ride back.'
     Slim didn't need a ride back, certainly not.  His warhorse
was parked just beyond the edge of the clearing he was now
exiting, as a matter of fact.  He could see the +5 plate barding
through the trees.
     "Whew," he told his horse, "Glad that's over with.  She
coulda gotten suspicious at any second."
     "Neeeigh," the horse replied.
     "Yeah, I know what you mean."  He pulled the finely-tooled
chain shirt out from one of the saddlebags of holding and put it
on.  By the time he'd drawn the coat of mail completely down over
his torso, his features had changed.  His hair was blond.  His
lower jaw jutted ever-so-slightly more forward.  His cheekbones
were slightly wider.  And his voice was more firmly in the
baritone range.
     He put on a weapon belt and drew its green glowing sword. 
"Well, Prometheus," he said to the sword, "At least I got laid. 
Even if that wasn't my own sperm I injected into her womb."
                                #
     Ringman only heard about his son Gross Sword through the
grapevine.  After living with his lady love for eighteen months,
here he was right back in his old cottage in town.  Of course his
cottage was actually a small castle, but without Sick Sword in it
it was hardly a keep.  He'd never managed to get back to the way
things were before Peter Perfect and the Disgusting Characters
had come along.  He would've started drinking were he not
concerned about keeping his paladinhood.
     So he had a third kid and he'd probably never see him.  He'd
come back to Sick Sword's keep once, all right -- for the sake of
seeing his daughters if not her -- but she only tossed him out
with an even louder "GET OUT" than before.  The glimpse he'd
gotten of her face before she slammed the door looked more like
Omnion than it did like her.  The next thing he knew, Sick Sword
had moved her keep several leagues away, back to where she'd
first drawn it from the deck.  He hadn't seen or heard from her
since.  Well, a paladin operated best as a solo player anyway; at
least, that was how he tried to reassure himself.
     He picked a volume up from one of his shelves and flipped to
the page he'd had marked.  His doomed relationship hadn't been a
total loss; she _had_ taught him how to read.
                                #
     Disgusting Sword reached her first level of Druidicism at
age 10 1/2. Again, she was a slow developer, but she could still
make it.  Sick Sword took her to the edge of a centaurs' lair and
pointed inside.
     "That's a centaur's lair," she told her daughter.
     "I know," Disgusting Sword replied.
     "Good.  And you know what to do?"
     "Of course."  Disgusting Sword activated her permanent
potion of flying at 150% effectiveness and wafted into the
shallow cave.
     One psionic blast and several clatterings of gems later, she
emerged as a 15th level druid, a 17th level monk, an 18th level
thief, a 21st level paladin, a 31st level illusionist, a 38th
level cleric, a 49th level magic-user, and a 58th level weapons
mistress.
     "Well," she said to Sick Sword, making sure all 533 of her
hit points were in place, "That was easy.  How long before my
magic sword becomes an artifact?"
     Ridiculous Sword was a little smarter.  The only reasons
Disgusting Sword had taken those particular levels of development
was so that each of her classes would be of higher level than the
one before it.  Reading between the lines on the rules,
Ridiculous Sword figured that it didn't matter what order her
levels were stacked in, so long as the last class she chose had
the highest experience level.  As the bard class couldn't be
started with a lawful-good alignment, she would need that rules
assumption if she were to become both a 20th level paladin and a
23rd level bard without losing her paladinhood.  
     And so, hitting the centaur pits on her tenth birthday (only
one day after her sister did), Ridiculous Sword emerged as a 23rd
level druid, a 15th level assassin, a 17th level monk, a 17th
level ranger, a 17th level thief, a 23rd level bard, a 20th level
paladin, a 31st level illusionist, a 38th level cleric, a 49th
level magic-user, and a 60th level weapons mistress.  She would
have gone farther in that last class had not the . . . Dungeon
Master . . . set the maximum half-point-per-level damage bonus
for weapons masters at +30 points.
     And she didn't stop at just one artifact weapon like her
sister did, either.  No sirree.  No one "Ridiculous Sword" for
Ridiculous Sword.  She had the Ridiculous Hand Axe -- a +6 holy
vorpal defender frost-brand flame-tongue sun luckblade of
wounding, dancing, life stealing, disruption, slaying everything
(as in the arrows of the same name), throwing, thunderbolts, red
blue green black white brass & copper dragon slaying, speed,
final word, and nine lives stealing with maximum intelligence,
eight special purposes, and enough artifact powers to leave her
set for life (including "weapon damage is +2 hit points" taken
five times) -- sure, Disgusting Sword practically had one of
those.  But she also had the Ridiculous Broadsword, which did
_almost_ everything the Ridiculous Hand Axe did except allow her
to cause serious wounds by touch.  And she had the
nearly-identical Ridiculous Dagger and Ridiculous Longsword, both
to boost her weapon damage by 20 points and to serve in melee if
she had to fight for more than four minutes and got to loose the
other two weapons to dance.  And in case she got totally unarmed,
she also had the Ridiculous Pair of Gloves, although it seemed
kind of strange to combine the gauntlets of ogre power effect
with a +6 holy vorpal pair of gloves of wounding and all the
rest.  And she had the Other Ridiculous Pair of Gloves, in case
her first pair got to fight for more than four minutes and could
be loosed to dance.
     And as if that weren't disgusting enough, she topped it off
with the granddaddy of all artifacts: the Bracer of Irresistible
Damage.  No sentience, no ego, just immunity to all forms of
mental, psionic, heat-in-a-20-foot-radius, and cold attacks, and
the ability to cast first, second, third, and fourth-level spells
simultaneously.
     And the "weapon damage is +2 hit points" major benign power
taken 100 times.
     Then came Gross Sword's turn.  The lad was younger than his
sisters, a bare nine years old, and Sick Sword had felt uneasy
about her third child all along the way.  But she felt obliged,
and was determined, to prove to herself that she didn't need that
old paladin Ringman to bring up her kids as deity-level psionic
magical powerhouses that could _really_ take care of themselves in
the outside world.  And so, when Gross Sword's whack at the
centaurs came, he was ready; although not quite the kind of ready
that Sick Sword had hoped.
     He found the cave, jumped in, and hit all the centaurs in
the room with a psionic blast just like Sick Sword had told him
to.  That stunned most of them and put the rest of them in a
coma.  He collected the sixty million gold pieces worth of
million-gold-piece gems just like Sick Sword had told him to. 
And he systematically killed every centaur in the room without
telling Sick Sword or anybody.
     He emerged into daylight and immediately began spending his
experience points just as his sisters had.  He progressed until
he was a twenty-third level druid, then switched and became a
fifteenth level assassin, then a seventeenth level monk, and then
on to rangerhood.
     Well, not quite on to rangerhood, and that made Sick Sword
feel really uneasy.  What he chose instead was to become an anti-
ranger so that he wouldn't once have to shift his alignment away
from evil.
     'Have I created a monster?' Sick Sword thought.  'No, no,
I'm overreacting.  Gross Sword knows what he's doing, sure.  His
alignment doesn't really mean that much, does it?  After all, the
Intercontinental Union of Disgusting Characters had all _sorts_ of
different alignments in it, and they got along just . . . fine.
. . .'
     And up through the 17th level of anti-rangerdom, to the 17th
level as a thief, to the 23rd level as a bard, and then . . . and
then he became an anti-paladin all the way out to the 20th level.
     But still, Sick Sword held firm.  This was her son, for
crying out loud, she couldn't just send him to his room for
something so trivial as an alignment choice, now could she?  Naw,
of course not.  And besides, his becoming an anti-paladin would
allow him to keep all the benefits of being an anti-ranger. 
Yeah, that must be why he did it.  Yeah, yeah, sure.
     Gross Sword kept that chaotic-evil alignment of his anti-
paladinhood all through his being a 31st level illusionist, a
38th level cleric, a 49th level magic-user, and a 60th level
weapons master.  It would be stupid to change alignments now;
he'd have to sacrifice both his anti-rangerhood and his anti-
paladinhood if he did.  Sick Sword knew that, and she wasn't
about to change him into anything less powerful than he already
was.
     And like Ridiculous Sword, Gross Sword bought four hundred
of each type of pearl of power (so that he could cast 426 of each
level of magic-user spell every day) and created seven magic
artifacts for himself: the Gross Dagger, the Gross Broadsword,
the Gross Longsword, the Gross Hand Axe, the Gross Pair of
Gloves, the Other Gross Pair of Gloves, and the Other Bracer of
Irresistible Damage.
     It didn't take long for all three of them to probability-
travel through a few dozen spheres of annihilation and gain every
major and minor psionic discipline, either, but every Disgusting
Character had done that at one time or another.
     'Every _Disgusting Character_?' Sick Sword thought in horror. 
'No, no, they're not Disgusting Characters.  Not _my_ kids.  No,
they're anti-Disgusting Characters, just like I am.  They must
be.  They have to be.'
     Ridiculous Sword, on the other hand, was extremely nervous
about her kid brother.
                                #
     A clamor in the streets shook Ringman from his midday doze. 
He heard cries of "Run for your lives!", "My god, it's him!", and
"He's back!".  'Finally,' Ringman thought.  'I haven't seen any
action in nearly nine  years!'  He clasped himself into his +5
suit of plate mail -- it still fit -- strapped on his +4 shield,
fastened his weapons belt around his waist, made sure his two
rings were still in place, and tramped out into the middle of
town.  
     He'd walked barely fifty feet from his door when he stopped
dead in his tracks.  He recognized the figure at the other end of
the street and drew his holy avenger.
     "Peter Perfect!" Ringman worked his voice into order.   
"How . . . how did _you_ get out?!"
     Peter had positioned himself so that he stood directly
between Ringman and the sun.  It made him look more impressive
that way.  "Ha ha, I've been 'out' for nine-and-a-half years!" 
He started to approach.  "And I must say, your ex-concubine is
really good in bed!"
     Ringman gasped.  "Sick Sword!  What have you done to her?!"
     "Nothing, Ringman, nothing at all.  Nothing she didn't agree
to, anyway."
     Ringman suppressed a shiver.  He couldn't speak.
     "Face it, Ringboy, you're ancient history and Sick Sword
knows it!  And so does Prometheus, right?"
     "Right," the sword in his right hand pulsed.  It would have
smiled if magic swords could smile.  "It's been a long time,
Ringman."
     Ringman sneered.  "At least the holy sword I have now
doesn't want to kill everything in sight!"
     "Too bad," Prometheus sighed.  "It doesn't know what it's
missing."
     "Oh, sure it does, Prome," Peter Perfect told his sword, at
every moment stalking closer to Ringman.  "It used to have a much
more lethal wielder, remember?"
     Ringman clenched his jaw hard.  "They should never have let
you live, Peter Perfect."  He spat out the two P's.
     "And I should never have let you live," Peter cursed, and
charged at him.
     Ringman saw the incoming flash of green.  He gasped, raised
his shield, and blocked Peter's Promethean swing with a full-
parry.  Pete followed up by hacking with his Axe of the Dwarvish
Lords; he hit Ringman's right shoulder, but not hard enough to
sever the arm.  (That is, he didn't roll an 18, 19, or 20.)  Of
course, Peter Perfect's cause-serious-wounds-by-touch ability
didn't help Ringman much, but at least he saved against contact
paralyzation.  As he clutched the wound with his shield arm,
Peter Perfect kicked his groin with an adamantite-tipped boot as
hard as he could.  Even Ringman's +5 plate mail couldn't
dissipate _all_ the impact strength of a blow like that; he
shrieked involuntarily, and was stunned.
     Peter Perfect straddled him, a nasty smirk across his face. 
He reached down and tore the +4 shield from Ringman's left arm,
then reached out once more for his downed opponent's holy
avenger.  Panicking himself back to his senses, Ringman rolled
aside and kept his holy sword in his own right hand.
     "Think you're pretty tough, do you, paladin?" Pete scorned. 
"You all thought The Dungeon was pretty tough too, didn't you!? 
So tough that none of you even came back to see if I'd escaped! 
But I _did_ escape, bwa ha ha, and I got back all my magic items
and artifacts -- and a certain invulnerable coat as a bonus.  And
I bought a few scrolls and, with the help of Prometheus here,
managed to recast all my permanent spells -- including protection
from good."
     Ringman wondered why he was incapable of moving during this
ego trip Peter Perfect was on.  He thought it was some special
power, but then dismissed that since he didn't see any magic
twinkles.  He thought it may have been some obscure rule about
getting to make unlimited soliloquies in combat; then he
remembered that it was just the fact that one exchange of blows
in melee combat took a whole minute.
     "And furthermore," Pete continued, "I struck up a deal with
Tiamat!"
     "Tiamat?" Ringman gulped.  "As in the chromatic dragon?"
     "No, as in the lady across the street!  Of COURSE the
chromatic dragon!  Geez, you never were very intelligent, were
you?  In any case, thanks to Tiamat's seed of evil, your son is
now precisely what you and your ex-bed-partner wanted him not to
be."
     "You struck a bargain with Tiamat for some 'seed of evil,'
and you're still a paladin?!"
     "Hey, the ends justify the means, Ringo.  It was my pleasure
to thrust Tiamat's seeds into Sick Sword's womb."
     Ringman lay there, dumbfounded.
     "Why do you think I did it with that bitch in the first
place?"
     Things couldn't have been much worse, Ringman figured.  He
had to get out of this disadvantaged position, though, before he
could think of what to do next.  He put his right thumb and index
finger in his mouth and whistled a string of three notes.
     "What are you doing?" Peter Perfect demanded.
     "Whistling," Ringman told him.
     "I KNOW that, but for what?!"  Peter Perfect clutched his
medallion of ESP and aimed it at Ringman's cranium. 
Unfortunately, he rolled a 6; he whacked the medallion in
disgust.  "Stupid newfangled piece of junk, can't even count on
it to work right!"
     Just then, a horse galloped silently into view on a cushion
of air.  Peter Perfect recognized it instantly from its +3 plate
barding; it was Ringman's warhorse.  He stood out in front of it,
between the horse and Ringman, and punched the horse across its
meteorite-steel-plated jaw as hard as he could.  The animal
rolled with the punch onto the ground some twenty feet back.
     In the mean time, Ringman had recovered his shield.  Peter
Perfect sneered at Ringman for daring to try something so dirty
and underhanded while claiming to be a paladin.  "Savor death,
insignificant flesh slug!"  He hacked down with his Axe of the
Dwarvish Lords, this time slashing Ringman's right shoulder
cleanly enough to sever his right arm.
     Ringman screamed with pain, now shocked out of his stunned
condition.  The arm socket gushed blood, but it would stop before
he ran out.  He let go of the top strap of his shield and grabbed
his severed arm -- which still held his holy sword -- with his
remaining hand.  The shield flopped uselessly from his elbow as
he scrambled for his horse.
     "Hah!" Peter Perfect called after Ringman, shaking his
Dwarvish Hand Axe in his left hand and inadvertently switching it
to Battle-Axe length.  "Let's see you fight without your writing
arm!"
     Ringman made it to his horse and tried to mount up.  He had
to hold the arm between his chin and his chest to get on.
     "You're a wimp, Ringman!  A one-armed wimp!"
     Stowing the right arm between his legs, he grabbed the
reigns in his left hand and giddyapped out of there.  He was
grateful for those horseshoe-of-the-zephyr shock absorbers; any
jostles could have sent him tumbling.
     "Ringman has no writing arm!  Ringman has no writing arm! 
And he's got a chaotic-evil Disgusting Character for a son!"
Peter chided him.
     'First stop, Clerasil's place,' Ringman thought as his horse
accelerated.  'He'll probably be able to reconnect my writing
arm.  Well, Peter Perfect, at least it _is_ a writing arm now. 
What self-improvements have _you_ made during lo these past
years?'
                                #
     Knock knock knock.
     "Who is it?"
     "It's Ringman."
     A bit surprised, Clerasil got up from his desk and went to
the tremendous gothic double doors.  The man on the other side of
it had +5 plate mail, a beard, and a severed right arm.
     "My right arm's been cut off," Ringman said, just in case
Clerasil hadn't noticed.
     "My word," Clerasil inspected the limb, "That does look
rather nasty.  Er, come in, come in."
     Ringman came in.
     "Tell me, who did this to you?"
     Ringman stared at the ground.  "Peter Perfect."
     Clerasil gasped.  "The Disgusting paladin?  He's escaped? 
But how?"
     "He didn't _say_ how, only that he's been out for nine years
or so."
     Clerasil seemed to be in a mild state of shock.  "Well . . .
uh . . . it's true that we stopped visiting him after a while;
er, we got tired of ragging on him.  But escaped?  I don't
unders-- wait a minute.  That's right.  We stored all their magic
weapons in a vault two levels below The Dungeon.  He could have
made telepathic contact with his holy sword and had it hack its
way up to him."
     "So, in other words, you didn't even bother to eliminate his
psionic powers."
     "Oh, yes we did; we were very careful about that.  It just
so happens that his _sword_ has its own powers of telepathy that
we couldn't touch."
     Ringman put a hand to his chin.  "Oh yeah.  That's right,
Prometheus _was_ telepathic.  I guess Prome just didn't want to be
telepathic with _me_."
     Clerasil changed the subject.  "Let's reconnect that arm of
yours, shall we?"
     Ringman had practically forgotten about it.  "Oh, uh, sure,
sure."
     Clerasil exposed the severed flesh on the end of the arm and
pressed it up next to the stump on Ringman's shoulder.  Ringman
had thoughtfully tied a tourniquet over the open end of his
stump.  "You know, you're lucky you're a paladin here.  Your
disease resistance let you get away with this without getting
gangrene."
     Ringman folded his arm.  "And then you'd have to cast a cure
disease spell on me, right?"
     Clerasil didn't reply, he merely opened the tourniquet and
let little bits of blood leak through to the severed limb.  He
sprinkled holy water on it and began to chant: "Ooom, shalagoom,
shak shak.  Qui tolis veal pecata mundi, et in unum domino's
pizza, e pluribus uranium, semper ubi sub ubi.  BY THE POWER OF
GOD III, I COMMAND THIS LIMB -- REGENERATED!"
     The mighty hand of God III stretched its fingers through
Clerasil's body and touched Ringman's shoulder with its awesome
pinky.  He could start to feel sensations in his arm almost
immediately, and within a minute, the limb was whole again.  He
moved the joint and flexed the arm a bit.
     "Uh, thanks," Ringman said.
     "And since you're a paladin and have had to give away all
your excess wealth," Clerasil said, "I'm gonna let you keep that
regenerated limb for the low low price of only 15 000 gold
pieces."
     Ringman scowled at him.  "That's the _usual_ price; and
besides, I gave all but a little under 300 gold pieces away to
some amorphous lawful-good institution long ago."
     "Hmmm.  Well, considering how crucial a role you played in
vanquishing Omnion 'way back when, I'll let you have it on the
house.  Now good day."
     Clerasil indicated the front door of his church and turned
back to his desk.
     "Um," Ringman umed.
     "Yes, yes what is it now?"  Clerasil kept his back turned to
him.
     Ringman exhaled.  "Peter Perfect's out, and I'm no match for
him."
     "And I suppose you want me to just go charging out there and
bring him back to justice, right?  Sorry, no sale."
     "He's already done plenty of damage."
     "Yeah, I saw your arm.  Now go away."
     "That's not all.  He made a pact with Tiamat."
     Clerasil dropped his writing utensils and froze.  "Tiamat? 
The chromatic dragon?"
     Ringman chuckled, recalling his own reaction.  "Yes, Tiamat,
the chromatic dragon, the hellbound spawn of all evil dragonkind. 
Apparently he and Tiamat . . . um . . . 'implanted' some seed of
evil in my third child before he was born, and now he's a
chaotic-evil genociding machine at least twice as powerful as his
mother.  Or at least he has the potential to be one."
     "Now I _know_ I'm out of my league.  Sick Sword herself could
have creamed me if she'd been so inclined; any kid more powerful
than her could stomp me into a little grease spot before I had a
chance to cast a spell.  Sorry.  Uh, you _could_ try asking Wierd
Dough, though."
                                #
     Knock knock knock.
     "Come in."
     Ringman opened the door and stepped into just about the
biggest magical pyrotechnics display he'd seen.  Sparks showered
off the walls in all directions.  Jugglers juggled without using
their hands.  People whose faces were glued to instruction
manuals cast burning hands spells without looking where they were
pointing.  Several graduate-level pranksters, doubtlessly from
one of the half-elven fraternities, were casting fireball and
cone of cone spells at the same time, annihilating each others'
effects mere milliseconds before disaster would have struck.  And
this was just Wierd Dough's magic college's anteroom.
     "Ah, whom may I say is calling?" asked a third-level
apprentice who was seemingly unaware of the din going on around
him.
     "Ringman."
     "Ringman.  Lessee, Ringman, Ringman, Ringman -- that Ringman
with an 'R'?"
     "Uh, yes.  R-I-N-G-M-A-N.  One word."
     "Ring, Ringfield, Ringling, Ringworm -- nope, sorry, no
Ringman on my appointment list here."
     "Look, this is important, I have to see Wierd Dough.  It's a
matter of life and death."
     The conjurer apprentice stared at him coldly.  "The
chancellor sees no one without an appointment."
     Ringman opened his mouth to speak, but a stray lightning
bolt startled him and he had to begin again.  "Just tell Wierd
Dough that Ringman is here to see him.  He'll know who I am."
     The apprentice shook his head.  "What level are you,
anyway?"
     "Ninth."
     "Oh, and I suppose you think you can push everybody around
just because you're a sorcerer?  Well, listen here, bud--"
     "I'm not a sorcerer," Ringman folded his arms impatiently,
"I'm a paladin."
     The apprentice mouthed the word 'paladin,' and then
evidently something snapped and it All Made Sense.  "Ringman     
. . . the paladin.  RINGMAN THE PALADIN?!"
     The spell casting going on through the room stopped in mid-
syllable.  Everybody dropped what they were doing and looked. 
"_RINGMAN THE PALADIN_?!"
     The apprentice gawked, "The same Ringman the paladin who
defeated Omnion in the final battle of the I.U.D.C. at Crysglass
lake?"
     "Yes, the same Ringman the paladin.  Boy, for a character
class whose prime requisite is supposed to be intelligence, you
can sure be --"
     "_Welcome_ to Wierd Dough's college of magic, Ringman!  Won't
you have a seat, make yourself comfortable, can I get you a glass
of --"
     "No, no, no."  He was still impatient.  "I have to see Wierd
Dough.  It's a matter of life and death."
     "Whose?  Yours or his?"
     "Everybody's."
     Now just a tad more nervous, the apprentice ducked behind a
curtain and shouted to the next rung in the chain of command. 
Ringman could just barely hear the "Ringman wants to see Wierd
Dough," and the "Not _the_ Ringman!" issuing from beyond.
     Twenty-four seconds later, everything spun around and
suddenly he was elsewhere.  He was in a very dimly lit elsewhere,
as a matter of fact.  In the center of this dimly lit elsewhere
was a robed figure who illuminated his bearded face by holding a
handful of magic flame up to it.  "Welcome," the firelit face
said in a haunting tone, "What can I do for you?"
     "Can the theatrics, Wierd Dough.  This is serious."
     "Oh, all right," the figure acquiesced, and switched on the
light spells by snapping his fingers.  "You sure know how to
spoil other people's fun!"
     "Peter Perfect escaped from The Dungeon nine years ago."
     Wierd Dough rubbed his chin in thought.  "Hmmph.  I wouldn't
put it beyond him.  He probably made telepathic contact with
Prometheus and had the sword hack its way up through two levels,
then grabbed on to it and worked his way down to the magic items
chamber, took his own stuff and the Invulnerable Coat of Arnd as
a souvenir, rode his warhorse out of the complex, and sought
revenge against the lot of us.  Pity we stopped going there to
make funny faces at him, or we would've found out."
     "You _knew about how he made his escape all the time?!"
Ringman stammered.
     "You mean my guess was _right_?"
     "Yes!  Your guess was _exactly_ right!  Why didn't you think
of it before?!"
     Wierd Dough shrugged.  "I just never wondered about it
before.  Anyway, he couldn't have done much or we would've heard
about it."
     "He _has_ done quite a bit, but it's the type of stuff you
_don't_ hear about until it's too late.  He got some 'seed of
evil' from Tiamat and implanted it in Sick Sword's womb while she
was pregnant with my third child, Gross Sword."
     Wierd Dough grinned.  "The old sexual-implantation-of-the-
deity-spawned-seed-of-alignment-determination-in-a-womb-that-has-
an-unborn-child-in-it bit, eh?  I tried that once myself. 
Nothing much happened, though."
     "Yeah, well something happened _this_ time.  Gross Sword is
supposedly a couple times more powerful than Sick Sword herself;
he could probably bring Central Earth to its knees."
     Wierd Dough nodded solemnly.  "And you want me to help you
get rid of him, is that it?  No, it's not.  You want me to help
you vanquish Peter Perfect and _then_ do something about Gross
Sword.  Sorry, kiddo, but I know about how poor you paladins tend
to be.  No sale."
     "You want me to _pay_ you for ridding the world of those
menaces?"
     "Sure.  Running a college of magic is expensive stuff."
     "You could rob centaurs if you wanted money."
     Weird Dough looked up at the ceiling, whose distance was
distorted so that it appeared 5 feet above the floor.  "True, but
then I wouldn't be able to complain about how low we are on funds
over here.  How would it look to all the other colleges if mine
didn't desperately need more money?"
     "Don't you feel the least bit indebted to me for having
gotten rid of Omnion?"
     "Indebted for how much you participated in that campaign? 
Sure I am!  I'll cast a polymorph others spell on you at no cost,
if you want it!  But going back into action again is another
matter entirely.  You're better off trying Middle Monk; at least
his profession involves constant fighting."
                                #
     The instant Ringman stepped on the welcome mat in front of
the monastery, a fifteen-foot-diameter gong sounded on its own
and Chinese movie music issued from enchanted loudspeakers.  One
of the lesser disciples approached the front gate and bowed,
greeting the man in the +5 plate mail.  "Gleetings, most
honolable Lingman the paradin, wercome to our humbre monastely. 
How may we assist you?"
     "I need to see Middle Monk," he told him.  "It's --"
     "--A matter of Rife and Death.  It always is.  I wouldn't
berieve you if you welen't who you are.  Forrow me."
     Never unclasping his hands, the disciple led Ringman in
through a complicated maze of hanging gardens, beneath a row of
paper lanterns, past some statues with unpronounceable
monosyllabic names, and past a paper sliding door into the Main
Training Room.  Ringman was a little worried about the security
of this place until he noticed that the paper walls were made of
adamantite-woven paper.  Three rows of monks, each wearing a
white bathrobe and a different colored sash, were going through a
training exercise.
     "Ichi!" the one up in front shouted.  They all stepped
forward and thrust their right fists into imaginary opponents. 
"Ni!" he shouted again, and they did the same with their left
fists.  "San!" came the shout and the punch again.  "Chi!" issued
the cry and its consequent a fourth time.  "GO!"  This time, the
three rows yelled as they stepped forward and punched.
     Middle Monk, the one at the front of the group wearing a
black belt with several victory notches carved in it, caught
Ringman out of the corner of his eye.  Realizing who it was, he
dismissed his students with an impulsive "Yasumeh!" and walked
like a slob up to the man in armor.
     "Ringman, ol' buddy!"  Middle Monk slapped him on the back
with his full titan strength.  Being a monk, his strength did no
extra damage, but it sure toppled the paladin.  "Long time no
see!  Whatcha been up to?  Can I get you a Coke or a Pepsi?"
     "Uh, Coke?  Pepsi?  Um, are those some oriental --"
     "Uh, no, no, never mind.  So," he began to walk alongside
Ringman, "What brings ya to these parts?  Wanna be a monk and be
easier to hit than a first-level illusionist?  Or do ya just need
a new magic bo stick?"
     "No, it's a bit more serious than that.  Peter Perfect
escaped."
     "No!  Really?  Wow, that's intense.  He wanted to go
surfing, right?"
     "He escaped nine years ago."
     Middle Monk stopped bantering for a few seconds, which was
about the longest time he could be relied upon to be banter-
proof.  Then: "Well, that cat probably would've gotten out some
time anyway.  Not much trouble he can cause."
     "Oh no?  He made a bargain with Tiamat so that my son, Gross
Sword, is just as chaotic and evil as my two daughters are lawful
and good.  And my blacksheep son is more powerful than anything
that's come before.  He could take on the entire I.U.D.C. and win
if they were still around."
     "Including Omnion?"
     "Including Omnion."
     "Oh."  Middle Monk grimaced a bit.  "Wow.  Gee.  Awesome. 
Tubular.  Cosmic.  Like, what's he done so far?"
     "Nothing that I'm aware of, but at any moment he could
decide to kill Bahamut or something."
     "I thought Weird Dough killed Bahamut for the experience
points," Middle said, then recalled:  "Oh, yeah, that's right. 
That was only a Bahamut android, programmed to act like him in
every detail."
     "Both that damned Peter Perfect and my multiple-deity-
powered son are running around loose, and there's no way I can
deal with them on my own."
     "Mmmm, so you want me to help.  I catch your drift.  Um, I
don't think that's such a hot idea, what with my armor class
being higher than negative 17 and all.  I mean, one hit and that
kid of yours could do . . . uh . . . how much damage did you say
he could do in one blow?"
     "I didn't say, but from what I've heard, over three hundred
points.  Times five if he hits you from the rear."
     "YEEESH!  I only have 104 hit points myself!  Um, take care
of yourself, man, but I've got my temple to attend to.  Why don't
you try Wierd Dough?"
     "Already tried him."
     "Hmmm.  Then Cleras-- no, that cleric wouldn't get involved
for all the holy water in the Specific Ocean."
     "Yes, I know," Ringman added coldly.
     "Then your best bet is Koenieg the Great Druid.  He lives in
the Great Big Forest surrounded by some large menhirs -- er,
standing stones -- that are supposed to predict eclipses and
things."
                                #
     Ringman could have sworn he'd gotten the address right.  He
was in the Great Big Forest, 5 leagues north of the Really Huge
Falls, twelve furlongs east of the Vastly Hugely Mind-bogglingly
Wide River, standing right in front of the Ring of Large Menhirs. 
He should have seen _some_ druidic activity by now.
     It was then that the bottom fell out of the universe beneath
him.  Screaming, he fell in a direction that was the fifth-
dimensional equivalent of down, and landed five feet away from
the center of the Ring of Large Menhirs.  From this angle, he
