lady.  She was a magnificent sight in her red and gold robes and
long flowing hair.  She had put on some weight and looked fit and
healthy.  She continued to scan what ever it was that held her
attention on the computer and fashionably ignored him for a few
minutes.
     Finally she pretend to finish or grow bored with what ever
she wasn't reading on the screen and turned to Utlin.  "I am
pleased you have come to visit, my Future Companion."  she said
softly.
     "We haven't had much of a chance to talk since my return."
Utlin said "I came to see how you have been."
     "I am quite well." Purlerna said "I am, however, becoming
quite bored with this cruise.  My attendants are very slow to
respond to my calls and always act as if they are doing me a
favor."  she sighed slightly resigned to her fate of having such
poor help.
     "What kind of instrumental are you listening to?" Utlin
asked trying to carry the conversation.
     "Something from a period call 'Terran Mid-eighteenth
Century' I've never heard of it before, but it is relaxing."
Purlerna stood and swirled her robes about as she turned toward
the replicator.  "Are you hungry? we can have something
delivered, at least the food service on the vessel is top notch.
     Utlin panicked, she had never been this nice to him before
and he started thinking about the 'future companion' comment she
had just made.  "No, I'm not hungry, thank you." he replied
quickly as he stood.  "I really must be going, I have duties
elsewhere."  He headed toward the door while she was still across
the room from him.
     Utlin  felt a surprisingly strong grip on his arm that spun
him away from the door.  It was Lady Purlerna, she must have run
across the room to catch him.  Her eyes were wide and very lucid.
For the first time in many weeks she looked like she had come out
of her fantasy world.  Her fear was very evident.  "We must leave
this place." she plead.
     "What?" Utlin wasn't sure if she knew what she was talking
about.
     "They know we're here." Purlerna said "They've been waiting
for us. Tell the Lords of this vessel, tell them we must leave
this place,...please" she started begging and dropped to her
knees, clutching Lieutenant Utlin around the legs.  "Please," she
sobbed, "we must leave here...we must."
----------------
     Not long after Lady Purlerna had to be sedated the Vigilante
started its slow trek into the Borg system.  The course the
computer mapped out would get them to the Borg 'Home World' in 5
days.
     The crew was more on edge now than when they had entered the
Borg outpost.  Nobody knew how the Borg would react to an alien
vessel entering their system.  Would they consider it irrelevant
as they seemed to consider everything else, or would it be enough
out the ordinary that it would warrant investigation.  Nobody
seemed to notice that the Vigilante traveled with its cloaking
activated, it was assumed by the speculators that the Borg could
defeat the cloak.  The only remaining question was just how long
would it take the Borg to come to investigate.
     Captain Anthony and Commander Tarva were not nearly as
skeptical as most of the crew.  There was yet to be any evidence
that the Borg sensors could defeat the cloaking.  They were
making preliminary plans for surveying and exploring the Borg
planet when someone signaled at the door to the Command Room then
entered..
     It was S'Erlet "Sir, I've been tracking the movement of Borg
vessels in the area."  He began.
     "What do you have?" the Captain said turning his computer
display aside.  He knew that S'Erlet would not disturb them if it
wasn't important.
     "Since we began the final approach to the Borg planet, there
has constantly been five Borg cubes within two hundred million
kilometers of our position."
     "What!" Captain Anthony was suddenly very interested. "Are
you saying that we are being shadowed by five Borg cubes."
     "Not exactly." S'Erlet replied "The Borg flight patterns
keep that many vessels with in the sphere I described."
     "What does that mean?" Commander Tarva asked.
     "I mean, Sir, that it appears that we are being shadowed but
not by the same vessels.  The five are constantly changing
depending on what looks like normal flight paths."
     "Could this be a coincidence?" The Captain sounded very
concerned.
     "If we were stationary, yes," S'Erlet said "but we are
moving, and still continue to be the center of a sphere of flight
paths."  S'Erlet then produced the results of his statistical
analysis of the Borg flight paths.
     The Captain studied the data for a few minutes then called a
meeting of the top command staff.  It was obvious that the Borg
knew they were there and were going to great lengths not to show
     The options were limited, continue with the current flight
plan until the Borg made their move, or exit the system with all
possible haste.
     "If we must leave now, we are not coming back." The Captain
said.  He wasn't arguing a choice of action, just brainstorming
the consequences.  "Our job is not to fight our way to the Borg
home world, it is to gather intelligence.  We now know more about
the Borg then the Federation could have ever dreamed of before
commissioning the Vigilante."
     "But to get this close and not actually go the Borg home
planet would be tantamount to failure." Tarva interjected "What
if they continue to ignore us?  What if this adjustment of flight
paths is their way of studying an anomaly without taking ships
away from normal operations?"
     Commander Norton then spoke up.  He normally remained silent
at these meetings unless addressed.  When he spoke, they all
listened "While we sit here discussing the intentions of the
Borg, they are studying us, they are analyzing us, they are
_Learning_ from us."
     The Captain turned and looked at his First Officer for a
second then jumped to his feet.  He headed to the bridge at a
dead run.
     "Ensign," Captain Anthony said loudly "plot a course out of
the system, best speed."
     "And the wake, Sir?" Ensign O'Malley ventured.
     "Damn the wake, get us out of here." The Captain paused in
thought for a second "Plot the course to head directly away from
were the closest Borg ships are headed."  Captain Anthony then
ordered the ship to Red Alert.  "I doubt they're going to let us
go peacefully." he added under his breath.
     The ship was already at battle stations, but at red alert,
they strapped in to the rough duty seats and closed the
restraints.  The guards and other security personnel took their
weapons off safety and brought them to full charge.  People were
already in their places for "silent running" now they were
hanging on, waiting for the fight to begin.
     "Speculate,"  the Captain said to the bridge crew "have they
pierced the cloaking, and, or the hull.  Can they scan us without
our sensors picking it up?"
     "Sir," Commander Tarva spoke up "If they could fully scan
us, wouldn't they have boarded or confronted us......"
     "Captain" Ensign O'Malley said "new course plotted and laid
in, Sir."
     "Thank you, Ensign, engage, full impulse."
     The Vigilante immediately took a sharp ninety degree nose
dive.  Even with the inertial dampening fields, a maneuver that
sharp was still felt by the crew.  Anybody who was not strapped
into their seats found themselves scrambling for support.
     The Captain had a hard time holding back a smile for Ensign
O'Malley.  She had plotted the exact course he had asked for and
threw the ship into it just as he had ordered.  Many commanders
would at least be annoyed with that kind of behavior, but he had
given this Ensign a lecture about second guessing him in an
emergency.  She proved she had learned her lesson well, it also
showed great self confidence in not looking for approval of the
drastic maneuver.  The Captain, of course, knew he had cleared
the way for her by not asking to see the course before ordering
     "If tomorrow comes," Captain Anthony thought "I have a lot
of notations to make in the personnel records."
     With the Vigilante's sudden change of course and velocity,
the Borg vessels immediately broke their flight paths and headed
toward the ship.
     The Vigilante dodged through the debris field of the Borg
system at full impulse.  The path was not the most direct to open
space but was calculated to put as much distance as possible
between the ship and the Borg.  The Vigilante was using the star
system as a buffer between them and the Borg craft.
     The Borg took up immediate pursuit.  Within two minutes,
they could detect eight Borg cubes heading toward the vicinity of
the Vigilante's exit from the system.
     "Sir" S'Erlet spoke up "I'm reading a low level resitron
pulse emanating from all Borg outposts.  The pulse is acting like
a motion detector, it is how the Borg can track up."
     Tarva turned her chair toward the young Vulcan.  "How does
it work?"
     "All outposts are sending the resitron signal to all other
outposts. If they have the system accurately charted, they will
be able to detect any new movement or object."
     S'Erlet's consoled beep and he looked at new readings.
"Sir," he said "new data indicates a sub-space force field
connecting the outposts in our vicinity."
     "What effect will it have on us?" Tarva asked.
     "Uncertain, I'm analyzing now."
     "No need," Commander Norton said "Minimally, a sub-space
force field of this type will rip away our deflector shields and
it may rupture the hull."
     The Captain began typing at his console. "Ensign O'Mallley,
I'm entering a new course."
     "Aye, plotting new course." The young woman responded as she
laid in the new orders. The bridge could see O'Malley tense up as
she translated the new heading. She couldn't help a quick
questioning glance over her shoulder at the Captain.
     "Engage."
     All expected the Vigilante to make another sharp turn, but
the change wasn't noticeable.
     "There are now twelve Borg vessel converging on our previous
exit point." Someone offered.
     The Captain brought a chart up on his screen and on one of
O'Malley's screens.  "Ensign, here is our way out of the system."
Captain Anthony said "This is going to take some precision flying
on your part, I hope your ready."
     "I hope so too, Sir." Ensign O'Malley returned with a forced
smile.
     An object soon appeared in the middle of the main view
screen.
     Commander Tarva leaned forward looking at the image on the
screen.  "It's one of the outposts?"
     "Correct," Captain Anthony said he then pointed to the
diagram on his monitor "here" he pointed to an outer section of
the super-structure.  "We can take the Vigilante through here and
avoid the force field."
     "Sir?" Tarva said quietly "Are you sure we can make it at
speed?"
     "We're going to have to, aren't we." The Captain returned in
the same hushed tone.
     "Reading activity at the outpost." Ensign O'Malley reported.
"There are Borg ships deploying from the station."
     "Steady as she goes." Captain Anthony said "Maintain course.
What's our ETA?"
     S'Erlet spoke up "Sir, our ETA to the outpost is three
minutes fifty seconds...mark."
     "Thank you." Anthony then turned back to O'Malley "At
precisely one minute, thirty seconds from structure begin evasive
maneuvers Diago-Alpha."
     "Diago-Alpha, aye Sir" O'Malley confirmed.
     Commander Tarva then turned to Commander Norton "Prepare
Counter Measures for release at initiation of maneuver."
     "Working on it." Norton replied as quickly entered orders
into his console.  "If the resitron tracking is as sensitive as I
think, I know just what we need."
     For the crew of the Vigilante time seemed to stand still.
All who didn't have duties to perform watched the image of the
Borg outpost rushing toward them.  Only the bridge crew knew of
the pending Diago-Alpha maneuvers.  To the rest it just seemed
they were rushing head first into the Lion's den.
     The ships deploying from the outpost formed a grid in front
of the structure and started heading toward them.  "Sir, S'Erlet
reported they are sweeping for us."
     "Thank you, Ensign." Captain Anthony replied then said
"Change evasive maneuvers to Diag-Beta, initiate on my mark."
     "Diag-Beta." O'Malley responded "Aye, Sir."
     On Captain Anthony's command the Vigilante started a series
of evasive maneuver's design.  First a series of low power photon
torpedoes were launched to detonate sequentially carrying the
signature of the Vigilante's momentum forward.  They also hoped
the explosions would overload the resitron receptors and help
blind the Borg for a few seconds as the Vigilante made its run
through the superstructure of the outpost.
     The Vigilante cut speed and made a series of sharp course
changes. The photon torpedoes continued to detonate along the
ship's former path.  The Vigilante dropped under the cubes and
was soon beyond the ships.  The Borg had immediately focused
their attention on the Vigilante's old path and the counter
measures.  The crew watched as their old flight path was filled
with energy charges and tractor beams from the Borg ships.
     "Nice job, Ensign." Anthony said "Now take us in."
     "Aye, Sir, starting final run now."  O'Malley replied.
     "Prepare to jump to warp as soon as we exit." Anthony told
the bridge.  "Evasive pattern Romeo-One."
     The Vigilante increased speed and headed toward the right
side of the structure.  The computer was given the task of
adjusting speed and direction based on the scans of other
outposts.  If this Outpost varied in design from the others, it
could be disaster for the Vigilante.  The ship weaved in, out and
around the surface structures of the station.  Every course
change and speed adjustment was predetermined from maps they made
of the  first Outpost and hopefully corrected on the fly from
incoming data.
     Approaching the final obstacle, the crew was ready to jump
to warp before being totally clear of the structure.  "Hold your
speed." the Captain said "If they can't see us on this side, we
don't want to give ourselves away by jumping too soon."
     It was a matter of seconds from clearing the last structure
to clearing the Station totally.  The few beats of time it took
to be free the station were an eternity.  The ship was barely
flexing when it flung them away from the Borg system at warp 9.
     "Any sign of pursuit?" Commander Tarva asked praying for a
negative reply.
     In response, the ship rocked hard to port and the lights
dimmed for an instant.
     "Continue evasive sequence."  Anthony said, then turned
toward Commander Norton "What's out there?"
     "We read two Borg cubes in the immediate area." Norton
replied, reading directly from reports on his screen.  "They are
holding warp nine and firing randomly in front of them."
     "Lets see them." Captain Anthony said turning toward the
main screen.
     "Stabilized rear view coming up now, Sir." Norton responded.
     The screen  showed two Borg ships that appeared to be
moving in a synchronized dance left and right, and up and down
across the screen.  The apparent movement was caused by the
Vigilante's evasive maneuvers.  Without computer stabilization,
the picture would have been a complete blur.
     "Why only two?" someone wondered aloud.
     A coded clearance appeared on Commander Tarva's screen from
the Captain. "Commander Norton have fire control target the
closest Cube.  Prepare delivery sequence Shelby-One."  She said
without turning her attention from the commands on her screen.
As second in command of the Vigilante Commander Tarva was given
many of the firing codes instead of the Captain.  It was an
attempt to decentralize command in case of capture.
     "Commander hold fire." the Captain said.  "Helm, increase
speed to warp nine point three."  Captain Anthony was hoping the
Vigilante could get away from the Borg without a fight.  He knew
they couldn't defeat the Borg and he wanted to avoid leaving the
system in a fire fight.
     Just as the Vigilante increased speed, Lieutenant S'Erlet
spoke up "Captain, no! They may be able ..."  The Vigilante shook
violently and lurched hard to port.
     As soon as the ship started to shake, Commander Tarva
started yelling, "Fire, Fire."
     The Vigilante released a stream of photon torpedoes directly
at the Borg ship behind them.  At the same time, they beamed
dozens of specially prepared torpedoes directly into the interior
of the ship.  The torpedoes fired at the cube had minimal effect
on the it, but served as a distraction.  The torpedoes were
beamed into strategic locations throughout the structure.
     The photon torpedoes exploded in a predefined pattern called
the Shelby Sequence.  Commander Shelby was one of he foremost
authorities on the Borg and had suggested that if their main
power conduits could be disrupted in exactly the right pattern,
it could create a feed-back resonance that would destroy the
ship.  The Borg immediately started experiencing trouble and
dropped out of warp.
     The Vigilante had trouble of its own and no one noticed when
one of their pursuers dropped light years behind them.  The star
ship had dropped its speed and spun wildly off course.
     "Maintain Warp." Captain Anthony yelled  "Continue evasive
maneuvers.  Engineering what's our status?"
     Tarva cross talked over the Captain, ordering the targeting
of the second cube.
     "We've sustained damage to warp nacelle One." came Commander
Dolittel's voice from engineering.
     "Unable to establish transporter lock on cube's interior."
Commander Norton reported, then added "Shields are at seventy
five percent.  Cloaking is operative."
     "Damage stableized." Dolittel echoed in the background.
     "Holding warp nine." helm reported over the commotion.
     "What the HELL happened!?" The Captain demanded.
     "Our increase in velocity registered on the Borg's motion
detectors and they were able to triangulate on us."  S'Erlet
reported speaking as quickly as he could.
     "Sir," Ensign O'Malley spoke up "I read ten Borg ships
headed in this direction at high warp, they will catch up with us
in five minutes."
     "Shiv."  Captain Anthony said loudly then started entering
new commands into his console.  "Helm, I'm entering a new
course."
     "Aye, Sir" came the simple reply.
     "Engage."
     The Vigilante immediately dropped out of warp and changed
its heading straight down.  For an instant, the ship continued on
its old course with saucer section pointing down.  The closer
cube was immediately light years beyond them with the other ships
also over shooting.
     The Vigilante used its acceleration advantage jumping
directly to warp 9.6.  This time they held a straight course
trying to put as much distance between themselves and the Borg as
possible.
     "Bridge," came Dolittel's voice from engineering.  "I don't
know if we can maintain this speed, the damaged nacelle might not
hold."
     "We won't have to for long."  The Captain replied "Prepare
for controlled worm hole.."  Before Anthony had finished
speaking, the Vigilante shudder and the lights flickered.
     "Sir we're losing speed." Ensign O'Malley reported.
     "Engineering," the Captain yelled at the intercom what's
going on down there?
     "We lost nacelle one,"  Dolittel reported  "nacelle two is
also off line."  Because of resonance and synchronization
problems, the warp nacelles could only be operated in matched
pairs.  "Recelebrating for two nacelle operation now."
     From the last maneuver, the Borg had become extremely strung
out and did not have a precise location of the Vigilante.  The
one ship in the area was able to zero in on the interference and
radiation being generated by the failing nacelle.  The ship
approached slowly, still unable to pin point the intruder.
     "All Stop." Captain Anthony commanded.
     "Initiate jamming." Tarva said as they watched the ship
approach.  The jamming devices were designed to blind the Borg
scanners and to mask the Borg link.
     The Vigilante drifted under the Borg ship as it passed
through the area.  The crew watched the Borg on the main view
screen in silence.  The ship passed beyond the Vigilante but was
still within jamming range when it turned back.
     Anthony signalled engineering. "Do we have full speed?"
     "We have full speed." came Dolittel's reply "But
acceleration will be effected slightly and we won't be able to
hold top speed indefinitely."
     "How about the controlled wormhole?" Tarva put in.
     "Aye, it is still operational." Dolittel returned.
     Approaching the Vigilante's position the Borg began an
intense off-frequency sensor sweep of the area.  The cube wasn't
heading directly toward the ship but would pass extremely close.
     "Prepare to jump to warp nine point six on my command."
Anthony told the crew.
     The Borg passed just beyond its closest point when the ship
came to a dead stop.  Sensors on the Vigilante told them the
whole area was under intense study from the Borg.
     The crew leaned forward watching the Borg closely.  Should
they wait and see if they passed on or jump now and hope to out
run them.
     "It can maintain nine point six just as well as we can."
Captain Anthony said to Commander Tarva when she looked at him
questioningly.  "Lets see if they pass on.  Helm be prepared for
warp if they get any closer."
     "Sir, I'm ready a power buildup in the closest face of the
Cube."  S'Erlet reported.
     "Get us out of here!" Anthony said.
     A tractor beam sprang from the Borg ship aimed directly at
the damaged nacelle.  The Vigilante jumped to warp nine point six
just in time to avoid the beam.  The Borg immediately took up
pursuit.
     "Prepare for  controlled worm hole." Anthony commanded.
"We've got to get out of here before they can triangulate in on
us again."
     The Vigilante rocked again as the Borg latched out with
their tractor beam.  The beam locked solidly on the deflector
shields around the disabled nacelle.
     "They've established a tractor Beam lock. We're dropping out
of warp."  Commander Norton reported.  "Targeting all weapons
now."
     "Fire at will."  Anthony said. "Get us out of here."
     For the first time ever the Vigilante's phasers fired in
anger.  The high powered phaser banks fired through a 'rippling'
effect in the cloaking and did heavy damage to the cube's
superstructure, but the tractor beam held tight.  At the same
time all of the Vigilante's torpedo delivery systems targeted the
cube.  The launched torpedoes were aimed at the source of the
tractor beam and at the sights that were taking damage from the
phasers.  The tractor beam area was heavily shielded and the
torpedoes did no significant damage.  Heavy damage continued to
be inflicted on the areas the phasers could reach, the beam held
tight.  Internally, torpedoes were beamed in but they couldn't
achieve the Shelby Sequence and were doing no noticeable damage.
     Another beam came from the Borg ship, this was the high
powered cutting beam.  It immediately struck the shields between
the top nacelles, next to the tractor beam.  The Vigilante
shuddered and lost power to many low priority systems as the
computer tried to maintain the shields.
     "Shields down to forty five percent."  Commander Norton
reported.
     "Disengage cloaking." Captain Anthony said "Save the energy,
they know we're here."
     "At current rate, shields will fail in five minutes."
Commander Norton said.
     "Sir," it was S'Erlet.
     "Yes" The Captain said quickly glance toward the young
Vulcan.
     "We may be able to escape when the shields fail."
     "Explain."
     "The Borg still haven't dealt with the Vigilante's hull
material.  Because of its energy absorbing nature the tractor
beam may not be as effective against the bare hull."
     The Captain looked at his security chief "What do you
think?"
     "Its a solid hypothesis based on current data." Norton said
"But the data is not conclusive."
     "What about the cutting beam?" Commander Tarva asked.
     "Oh," S'Erlet said almost nonchalantly "We'll take a direct
hit over Engine Room One."
     Tarva immediately signaled evacuation of Engine Room One and
emergency lock down of Engine Room Two.  All personnel were
evacuated from Engine Room One and all non essential personnel
from Engine Room Two.  The remaining personnel stayed in their
rough duty chairs which would automatically drop to safety in an
emergency.  They all knew this wouldn't happen, since if E.R. Two
failed, there would be no safety.
     "Prepare to drop shields." Anthony commanded.  "Helm and
Engineering be ready for warp as soon as we cut the rear
shields."
     Captain Anthony sat back and braced himself.  He could sense
the rest of the Bridge crew and the ship tense up as the lights
dimmed again from the power strain of the two beams.
     Phaser and torpedo fire continued to pour from the Vigilante
but was having considerably less of an effect.  When the
Vigilante dropped it's rear shields its lights seemed to brighten
for an instant.  Immediately, however, the cutting beam hit the
craft amid ships near the saucer section.  Much of the energy was
dissipated by the hull, but Engine Room One was  still engulfed
in fire and explosions.
     The Borg tractor beam was much less focused and needed more
time to adjust to the new target.  This was all the Vigilante
needed and it was instantly out of sight.  Borg being as single
minded as they are immediately took off after the strange little
ship.
     Commander Dolittel and several technicians worked feverishly
in the engine room control center that over looked both areas.
The evacuated Engine Room One was engulfed in flame and high
power electrical discharges the instant the Borg struck the ship.
Most functions had already been diverted to Engine Room Two, but
the Vigilante still felt a massive power loss from the damage.
     Seconds before the strike, Commander Dolittel had closed the
blast shields between the control room and Engine Room One.
Through failing monitors, he watched one of the two most advanced
engine rooms in Star Fleet burn.
     Now they had another problem, they had started shutting down
the ALPHA warp core as soon as the evacuation was ordered, but
there hadn't been nearly enough time.  The team was doing all
they could to release the energy building up in the damaged
coils, but they knew it was only a matter of minutes before a
total breach.
     Sirens howled around him as Commander Dolittel signaled the
bridge.  "We have less then two minutes before warp core breach."
he reported.  "Prepare for ejection of ALPHA warp core and anti-
matter pods."
     Dolittel then glanced at the stats for BETA core, it was
pushing 98% capacity.  Continuing work on the ejection he
signaled the bridge with the stats for the BETA core and the
count down for the ejection of ALPHA core.
     10...9...
     The Vigilante held warp eight and the bridge crew watched
the countdown for the ejection of ALPHA core.
     .8...7...
     They watched the Borg gaining on them and knew they had only
one card left to play.
     .6...5...
     "Prepare for controlled worm hole." Anthony yelled.
     .4...3...
     Explosive charges released the ALPHA Core exterior hull
plates from the Vigilante.
     .2...1...
     The plates didn't have time to separate from the ship when
they were blown away from the much larger explosions expelling
ALPHA core and its anti-matter pods.
     The ship rocked from the radical maneuver but the maintained
power thanks to the BETA core.  The picture of the approaching
Borg ship was soon obliterated by the exploding warp core.  All
silently hoped the cube would be destroyed or disabled by the
explosion, but it quickly emerged from the cloud unscathed.
     "Bridge, Dolittel here." came a voice over the intercom.
     "Commander," Anthony called back "do we have the controlled
wormhole?"
     "Sir, it's a mess down here." Dolittel returned.  "There's
no way we can implement a worm hole and have any control over
it."
     "I read five more Borg ship closing fast." S'Erlet reported
in the background.
     "I don't care about control!" Anthony yelled at the bearded
face on his monitor.  "Get us out of here, now."
     The nearest Borg ship was close enough to fire on the
Vigilante but had sustained sufficient damage to effect its
targeting systems.  The first bursts of energy missed the
Vigilante, but they would use the misses to adjust their
sighting.
     Ensign O'Malley had been trying to run setup routines on the
Worm Hole console next to her but was getting no response.
Suddenly the ship was filled with a loud siren that none
recognized at first.  It was the ten second warning for the
wormhole.
     Dolittel had to over ride every safety precaution built into
the controlled wormhole, but that was easy working at the
engineering main console.  The Captain didn't seem to care were
they went, as long as it was away from here, and Dolittel quite
agreed.  Strapping himself into his rough duty seat, he looked
out into the engine room and watched his crew scramble for their
own chairs.
     "God, I hope they make it." he thought to himself, then
frowned.  "God I hope WE make it."
     They hit a brick wall, or at least if felt like it.  Captain
Anthony wasn't sure what happened.  Everything flew at him and he
felt himself crush into his chair.  The bridge wrapped around him
then began to spiral in front of him.  It looked like a long
tunnel with the view screen and stars at the far end.  The
tunneling felt like it was drilling into his hole body.  Then it
was through him and he felt like he would be blown apart.
     When the Vigilante purposely breached the alignments of its
warp coils, the pursuing Borg ship was extremely close.  The
artificial wormhole created by the breach sucked the large Borg
ship into its starship sized corridor.  The Cube collapsed like
water flowing through a funnel.
----------
     Pain surged through everybody on the Vigilante.  They felt
like every blood vessel their bodies had exploded. Captain
Anthony gasped for breath and fumbled to release himself from his
restraints.  The Bridge was almost black except for faint red
emergency lighting.  The Wormhole control systems had emergency
power cut offs in case accidents, but they too may have been
disabled to implement maneuver.
     Captain Anthony felt extremely light headed, but didn't know
if it was from injuries or from loss of gravity.  When he got the
restraints removed and tried to stand, it felt like the seat just
dropped away from him.  He wasn't in free fall, but gravity was
minimal.
     "Bridge to engineering." The Captain said looking around the
bridge.  "What's our status?"  The bridge crew was slowly gaining
consciousness.  Debris hung from the ceiling and littered the
deck.
     "Bridge to Engineering, report."  Anthony tried again.
     There was still no response.  Captain Anthony made it one of
the Bridge engineering stations and tried to run some
diagnostics.
     "Bridge to any station, report." came Commander Tarva's
voice from behind Anthony.
     The Captain looked back at his First Officer, he had
neglected his bridge crew knowing the status of the ship was more
important then any one of them.  The short Kalonian was working
herself free of the restraints and trying to raise the rest of
the ship at the same time.
     The diagnostics didn't look good, they had minimal power,
and it looked the safety over rides on the worm hole had totally
shut down the BETA warp core.
     "This isn't good." Captain Anthony said softly.
     Other Bridge crew were slowly gaining consciousness.
Commander Tarva was able to raise several sections of the
Vigilante, but not Engineering.
     "Were are we?" Anthony said, "Did we get away from the
Borg?"
     As if in answer to his question, the Vigilante rocked with a
great THUD.  The whole crew scrambled for the support and looked
at each other trying not show the fear they we feeling.  The ship
rocked again.
     "What is it?" Antony demand "Are we under attack?"
     The crew tried every station for answers but none responded.
The power loss was total for external sensors.  When the ship
rocked a third time, Captain Anthony and Commander Tarva both
scrambled for the command room.  After prying the door open, they
had to contend with the blast shields.  There were manual
controls, but they were not designed for emergencies, only
maintenance.
     After getting one shield half open they had a small area
looking across the rear of the ship.  The Vigilante floated in
blackness.  The few pin points of light from distant stars
weren't enough to tell them what was out there.
     "We have contact with the drop bays." Anthony said.
     "Yes, Sir." Tarva replied.
     "Tell them to turn on the emergency landing beacons, that
might give us enough light to see what out there." Another
thudding sound echoed through the ship.
     "Commander Kartang reports they have about a minutes worth
of battery power for you." Tarva report from here large
communicator.
     "That should be plenty."  Anthony said.
     Tarva put the communicator away bring out a tri-corder and
leaned down to look out the window with the Captain.  In such an
absence of light even the smallest amount can seem like a sun
rise.  Straight back, light suddenly came up from where the hull
dropped off to the shuttle bays.
     Captain Anthony and Commander Tarva grimaced at what they
saw first. To their right, the hull was scorched black and cracks
radiated from the center of the strike.  The upper port nacelle
had a large hole blown in the front and was shattered down the
side.  Wires and debris dangled from it.
     At first they saw no sign of what was hitting the Vigilante,
finally they saw a large chunk of debris slowly float out of the
darkness and glance of the side of the ship.  With the hit, a
dull THUD echoed through the starship.  Soon after they were hit,
the lights from the shuttle bay faded and went out.
     "Did you get it?" Anthony asked.
     "Yes, Sir." Tarva replied holding up the tri-corder show a
clear picture of the object that had just struck the ship.
     The two headed for the Bridge and heard the computers begin
to come back on line.  Tarva went straight to S'Erlet to help
with identifying the debris and Captain Anthony tried signalling
engineering again.
     The intercom was filled with static, a step forward, then a
voice broke though. ".ridge, this is Comm....Dolit...damage from
worm........casualties.  Will have some..ower on line
in....minutes."  Dolittel was speaking quickly to get the message
through before communication was lost again.
     Captain Anthony turned to one of the technicians nearby get
down there and find out what exactly is our status."  He then
turned to someone else, "Try to set up a computer link with
engineering, maybe we can get some information that way."
     "Can anybody tell me where we are yet?" Anthony said looking
around at the whole bridge.
     Ensign O'Malley spoke up. "Sir, I have established a link
with Stellar Cartography we are working on our location now.
With the main computers still down, it may take awhile."
     "OK, Ensign, keep working on it."
     "Sir." It was Commander Tarva.
     "Yes, Commander.
     "We've tentatively identified the debris we saw." Tarva
reported.
     "What is it?" the Captain asked he figured it was from some
part of the Vigilante he couldn't see.
     "The piece I recorded is a fragment of a Borg ship." Tarva
reported.  "We've also enhanced the pictures to show more of the
space around us."
     Tarva then showed Captain Anthony the tri-corder's screen.
It showed that the Vigilante was floating in a cloud of debris.
     "Apparently," S'Erlet offered "The cube followed us through
the worm hole and was torn apart in the process."
     The Captain looked at the picture and smiled "I guess it
didn't fit."
     The ship rocked again from another strike.
     "If we don't get the shields back up soon, that damned Borg
ship may still be the end of us."  Anthony said in frustration.
     At that, the main lights came up and everyone suddenly felt
much less light headed.
     "Bridge, this is Engineering." came Commander Dolittel's
voice over the intercom.
     "Go ahead, Commander." Tarva replied.
     "We have main power back on line and shields at eight
percent.  We've sustained major damage to all drive systems but
should be able to repair most of it." Dolittel reported.  "We are
currently working on getting the impulse drives back on line so
we get some maneuverability back."
     "What about the warp drives."  Tarva asked.
     "It's hard to say, Commander.  We should be able to get
nacelles three and four on line, but not at full capacity.  Top
speed will probably be around warp seven and top sustainable
speed around warp five."
     "How about the controlled worm hole" the Captain asked
dryly.
     "Sir," Commander Dolittel returned.  "that last jump  is
about as controlled as it gets."
     "No control on the worm hole and no high warp capability."
Captain Anthony summarized.  "I hope we landed somewhere near the
Federation, or else it could be a very long ride home."
     Ensign O'Malley looked up from her console with a glazed
look in her eyes.  "Sir we have determined our present location.
We are on the far side of the Gamma quadrant."
     "The Gamma Quadrant?" Tarva asked in disbelief.
     "We would have had to go right through the Alpha quadrant to
get here."  someone said.
     "Sir," S'Erlet offered. "At high warp, the Gamma quadrant is
eighty years from Federation space."
     "Thank you Lieutenant, I know." Captain Anthony said as he
dropped heavily into his chair,  "I know."
                You who find us in this place,
                Have you pity in your breast
                Let us in our last embrace,
                Under earth sun-hallowed rest.
                Night's a claw upon my brain:
                Oh, to see the Sun again.
                       "Sunshine"
                         Robert W. Service
                              Spellweaver
	The Spellweaver is a mysterious, mystical, person.  The have the
unique ability to harness the magical energies that flow through the 
universe.  They can manipulate and weave these energies into spells from
the very simple, to very complex weavings.  The spellweaver can 
constantly observe these streams of energy, picking and choosing the 
ones he needs to create the weavings.  
	Spellweavers are pacifists by nature.  Their great understanding
of the mystical energies of the universe set them at harmony with 
themselves.  They would not want to risk the harmony of their life.  
A spellweaver will never initiate a fight.  If they do, one of two things
will occur.  If the fight was initiated in the defense of a friend who
is helpless, or otherwise incapacitated, the spellweaver will lose his 
ability to spellweave for 3 days.  During this time, the character must 
spend his time comprehending the act he has commited.  If the character
initiates the fight out of pure malice or out of thoughts of revenge, 
the character will lose all of his/her abilities until the Dungeon 
Master deems the character worthy of his powers again.  Before this can
happen, the spellweaver must not take ANY offensive action toward 
another person or creature, whether verbal or phyical, for at least a 
week.  If this criteria is met, it is at the DM's discretion to return
the characters abilities.  The spellweaver must be NG or LG in alignment.
	The spellweaver may only use armor as low as chain mail.  They
are allowed short swords, dagger, dirk, hand axe, knife, club, and
spear as possible weapons.  They have a -4 penalty when using a weapon 
they are not proficcient with.  Spellweavers begin play with 4
non-weapon proficiencies and 2 weapon proficiencies.  They gain new
non-weapon proficiencies at 1/3 levels.  They gain weapon proficiencies
at a rate of 1/4 levels.  They use a rogues saving throw table.  Any 
race with the exception of dwarves is allowed (dwarves are known for
their extreme suspicion and dislike of magic).  They roll d6 for HD.
	The spellweaver has two special abilities.  First, there is 
the ability from which they derive their name.  They may spellweave.
They pull the mystical energies out which they need.  They combine 
these energies with others and a few verbal components to get a result.
Each spell has a complexity and a danger level.  The complexity can 
be compared to the different levels of spells a wizard can cast. 
Higher level Spellweavers are allowed more complex spells.  There is 
also a danger involved with spell weaving.  The more complex the spell
is, the more danger involved.  For example, a very complex spell may 
have a danger rating of one in four (a one on a 1d4).  Should the 
indicated number be rolled, the spellweaver makes a hole in the 
fabric of the universe.  The spellweaver must save vs. spell or be 
sucked into the ethereal plane.  Each spell has a different amount of
spell points it requires to use.  The character gains more spell points
as he advances in levels.
	The spellweaver can also polymorph objects at will.  He can use
his manipulative abilities to polymorph (as the spell) any non-magical
object.  He can polymorph 1 cubic ft./level.  This can be done 6 times 
a day.
Spellweaver prerequisites: Int. 16
			   Wis. 15
			   Con. 13
Level	Spellweaver	HD	S.Diff.	   Spell Points
1)	0		1d6	1		2
2)	2250		2d6	1		5
3)	4500		3d6	2		7
4)	22500		4d6	2		9
5)	45000		5d6	3		18
6)	90000		6d6	3		27
7)	168750		7d6	4		40
8)	315000		8d6	4		45
9)	615000		9d6	5		53
10)	915500		9d6+2	5		59
11)	1200400		9d6+4	6		67
12)	1550450		9d6+6	6		74
13)	1801000		9d6+8	7		82
14)	2130000		9d6+10	7		90
15)	2451450		9d6+12	7		95
16)	2701500		9d6+14	7		100
17)	3000100		9d6+16	7		110
18)	3345000		9d6+18	7		115
19)	3678000		9d6+20	8		117
20)	3951000		9d6+22	8		125			
I have also created a file of sample spells.  So far, I have only
created three, but I plan to update it as soon as possible.  You 
can use these spells as a basis for ones of your own devising, but
keep in mind that the must not be non-combative, but they may not be
offensive spells.  The file with the spells in it is titled SWSPELL.txt.
If you have questions comments, Email me at 73003,3134.
Keith Kavanaugh
"Alphabet Soup"
73003,3134                       THE WEEPING PRINCESS
   Once upon a time . . . a greedy emperor forced his subjects to pay heavy 
taxes. Not only the poor were squeezed, but the nobles in this immense empire 
were highly taxed too. At last, tired of being crushed by taxes, the nobles 
held a protest meeting. When the emperor heard about this, he took fright for 
he feared a rebellion. So he sent out this proclamation to put an end to their
complaints:
   "The nobleman that can make my daughter Sarah smile again, for she's 
mourning the loss of her fiance. will never pay taxes again."
   This caused an uproar at the protest meeting. Most of the princes decided 
there was no need now to complain, for each was quite sure he would succeed 
where others might fail. So off they went to get ready to try and make Sarah 
smile. But some of the nobles warned their fellows that, with his words, the 
emperor was not really abolishing any taxes at all. From that day on, a long 
procession of noble knights trooped from all over the empire to the palace to 
try and console the weeping princess.
   The crowds cheered them as they passed, but when they returned with bowed 
heads, the same crowds booed and whistled at their failure. The days went by 
and the list of defeated knights grew longer . . . Indians, Circassians, Arabs
and Turks . . . from all over the provinces came bold young men, bouncing with
confidence and hope. But the minute the princess set eyes on them, she just 
wept and wept. The emperor was delighted, for each failure meant another 
taxpayer. Even the common folk seemed contented to see that the rich too did 
not always get what they wanted. The only unhappy person among them was Sarah,
who went on weeping.
   One day, a Mongol prince seemed to be on the point of winning a smile. He 
thrummed his balalaika for hours, playing first a sad tune, then a more 
cheerful one, till he finished by playing a merry jig. The princess sat for 
ages staring at him eyed and the onlookers thought she was about to smile.
Instead she burst into floods of tears, to everyone's disappointment. A 
Kurdish chief, famed for his humour, who had already kept the court in fits of
laughter, tried to steal a smile from Sarah with his witty remarks. But the 
princess's dark eyes filled with tears. Noblemen came from as far away as 
Persia, but in vain.
   The only person who had not yet appeared was Omar, the chief of the tiniest
farthest away province. A bright, intelligent young man, he had cleverly got 
the better of certain greedy ambitious relatives that tried to take away his 
power when he succeeded his uncle as chief. The emperor's messengers had taken
a long time to reach this remote realm, and though Omar set out at once, on 
hearing the news, he rode for many days on his fine black horse. Then, one 
evening, he reached the palace. When the tired and dusty traveller explained 
to the stable boys why he had come, they laughed in scorn. But they had orders
to obey, so they told him to enter.
   "It's late," they said, "and you won't see the princess till tomorrow."
   The emperor's other daughters, however, were soon told of the new arrival.
"He's the most handsome of them all!" exclaimed one of the servants. So 
Marika, the emperor's youngest and prettiest daughter, with her sisters, 
peeked through a window at the sleeping Omar. Next morning, the emperor 
ordered the newcomer to be led before Sarah. The court crowded round to watch.
Unlike all the other suitors, Omar did nothing at all to amuse the princess. 
He stared at Sarah without saying a word. And she stared back, with an empty 
look on her face. The two young people stared silently at each other. Then 
Omar went back to the emperor and said:
   "Sire! Give me your sceptre and I will solve the problem of Sarah." 
Surprised at such an odd request, the emperor followed Omar into Sarah's room.
The other princesses clustered round, smiling and admiring the handsome young 
man. With a deep bow to Sarah, Omar straightened up and dealt her a blow on 
the head with the sceptre. Screams filled the air the emperor threw up hls
arms in rage and his daughters fled in all directions. The guards drew their 
swords. Then the whole room stopped in amazement. For, out of Sarah's head, 
which had been chopped off by the blow, rolled broken springs and pieces of 
metal. The princess that never smiled was a doll! A perfect dolll And nobody
had ever been aware of it except Omar.
   The only princess that couldn't stop laughing was Marika. The emperor 
glared at her.
   "Be quiet . . ." he ordered. But he too saw the funny side of it. For the 
crafty emperor had been making use of Sarah the doll as a way of guaranteeing 
himself a steady flow of taxes from all his subjects. And now, a man more 
cunning than himself had exposed his trick. The emperor had a sudden thought:
he would rid himself of the cheeky Marika and gain an astute son-in-law able 
to help him hold onto his kingdom.
   "You should be put to death for this insolence," he said, "but I'm going to
spare your life, if you marry my youngest daughter. Of course, you won't need 
to pay taxes!" Smiling at a happy Marika, Omar nodded silently. Down in the 
depths of his mind he was thinking:
   "One day, dear father-in-law, I'll be sitting on your Imperial throne." And
he was, a few years later.
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
           (313)558-5024 {14.4} (313)558-5517
              A BBS for text file junkies
              RPGNet GM File Archive Site
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
              The Adventure of Wisteria Lodge
     1. The Singular Experience of Mr. John Scott Eccles
  I find it recorded in my notebook that it was a bleak and windy
day towards the end of March in the year 1892. Holmes had
received a telegram while we sat at our lunch, and he had
scribbled a reply. He made no remark, but the matter remained
in his thoughts, for he stood in front of the fire afterwards with a
thoughtful face, smoking his pipe, and casting an occasional
glance at the message. Suddenly he turned upon me with a
mischievous twinkle in his eyes.
  "I suppose, Watson, we must look upon you as a man of
letters," said he. "How do you define the word 'grotesque'?"
  "Strange -- remarkable," I suggested.
  He shook his head at my definition.
  "There is surely something more than that," said he; "some
underlying suggestion of the tragic and the terrible. If you cast
your mind back to some of those narratives with which you have
afflicted a long-suffering public, you will recognize how often
the grotesque has deepened into the criminal. Think of that little
affair of the red-headed men. That was grotesque enough in the
outset, and yet it ended in a desperate attempt at robbery. Or,
again, there was that most grotesque affair of the five orange
pips, which led straight to a murderous conspiracy. The word
puts me on the alert."
  "Have you it there?" I asked.
  He read the telegram aloud.
      "Have just had most incredible and grotesque experi-
    ence. May I consult you?
                                            "Scott Eccles,
                             "Post-Office, Charing Cross."
  "Man or woman?" I asked.
  "Oh, man, of course. No woman would ever send a reply-
paid telegram. She would have come."
  "Will you see him?"
  "My dear Watson, you know how bored I have been since we
locked up Colonel Carruthers. My mind is like a racing engine,
tearing itself to pieces because it is not connected up with the
work for which it was built. Life is commonplace; the papers are
sterile; audacity and romance seem to have passed forever from
the criminal world. Can you ask me, then, whether I am ready to
look into any new problem, however trivial it may prove? But
here, unless I am mistaken, is our client."
  A measured step was heard upon the stairs, and a moment
later a stout, tall, gray-whiskered and solemnly respectable per-
son was ushered into the room. His life history was written in his
heavy features and pompous manner. From his spats to his
gold-rimmed spectacles he was a Conservative, a churchman, a
good citizen, orthodox and conventional to the last degree. But
same amazing experience had disturbed his native composure
and left its traces in his bristling hair, his flushed, angry cheeks
and his flurried, excited manner. He plunged instantly into his
business.
  "I have had a most singular and unpleasant experience, Mr.
Holmes," said he. "Never in my life have I been placed in such
a situation. It is most improper -- most outrageous. I must insist
upon some explanation." He swelled and puffed in his anger.
  "Pray sit down, Mr. Scott Eccles," said Holmes in a soothing
voice. "May I ask, in the first place, why you came to me at
all?"
  "Well, sir, it did not appear to be a matter which concerned
the police, and yet, when you have heard the facts, you must
admit that I could not leave it where it was. Private detectives
are a class with whom I have absolutely no sympathy, but none
the less, having heard your name --"
  "Quite so. But, in the second place, why did you not come at
once?"
  "What do you mean?"
  Holmes glanced at his watch.
  "It is a quarter-past two," he said. "Your telegram was
dispatched about one. But no one can glance at your toilet and
attire without seeing that your disturbance dates from the mo-
ment of your waking."
  Our client smoothed down his unbrushed hair and felt his
unshaven chin.
  "You are right, Mr. Holmes. I never gave a thought to my
toilet. I was only too glad to get out of such a house. But I have
been running round making inquiries before I came to you. I
went to the house agents, you know, and they said that Mr.
Garcia's rent was paid up all right and that everything was in
order at Wisteria Lodge."
  "Come, come, sir," said Holmes, laughing. "You are like
my friend, Dr. Watson, who has a bad habit of telling his stories
wrong end foremost. Please arrange your thoughts and let me
know, in their due sequence, exactly what those events are
which have sent you out unbrushed and unkempt, with dress
boots and waistcoat buttoned awry, in search of advice and
assistance."
  Our client looked down with a rueful face at his own uncon-
ventional appearance.
  "I'm sure it must look very bad, Mr. Holmes, and I am not
aware that in my whole life such a thing has ever happened
before. But I will tell you the whole queer business, and when I
have done so you will admit, I am sure, that there has been
enough to excuse me."
  But his narrative was nipped in the bud. There was a bustle
outside, and Mrs. Hudson opened the door to usher in two robust
and official-looking individuals, one of whom was well known
to us as Inspector Gregson of Scotland Yard, an energetic,
gallant, and, within his limitations, a capable officer. He shook
hands with Holmes and introduced his comrade as Inspector
Baynes, of the Surrey Constabulary.
  "We are hunting together, Mr. Holmes and our trail lay in
this direction." He turned his bulldog ejes upon our visitor.
"Are you Mr. John Scott Eccles, of Popham House, Lee?"
  "I am."
  "We have been following you about all the morning."
  "You traced him through the telegram, no doubt," said Holmes.
  "Exactly, Mr. Holmes. We picked up the scent at Charing
Cross Post-Office and came on here."
  "But why do you follow me? What do you want?"
  "We wish a statement, Mr. Scott Eccles, as to the events
which led up to the death last night of Mr. Aloysius Garcia, of
Wisteria Lodge, near Esher."
  Our client had sat up with staring eyes and every tinge of
colour struck from his astonished face.
  "Dead? Did you say he was dead?"
  "Yes, sir, he is dead."
  "But how? An accident?"
  "Murder, if ever there was one upon earth."
  "Good God! This is awful! You don't mean -- you don't mean
