could easily see the nine initiates of the 9th Circle mulling
about and Koenieg the Great Druid seated in lotus position at the
center.
     "Oh, I get it," Ringman commented, "I can only see you from
_inside_ the menhir ring."
     "Naw," one of the 11th-level initiates told him, "That ring
of stones out there in the Great Big Forest is just a decoy.  The
ring you're in now is in a parallel universe.  It keeps the
salesmen out."
     A wave of mistletoe from the center caught Ringman's
attention.  Koenieg addressed him: "Welcome, Ringman, to the Tree
of the Universe."
     Ringman didn't see any trees around, but he had more
pressing matters to worry about.  "I'm here to --"
     "Enlist my help in vanquishing the escaped Peter Perfect and
your blacksheep son.  Yes, I know; Middle Monk sent me a
Telepagram.  I believe his words were 'Watch out for this one. 
He's a loo-loo.'"
     Ringman exhaled.  "Well, that was _his_ answer.  What's
yours?"
     Koenieg went off into alpha state for a few milliseconds,
then came back with: "No."
     "Why not?" Ringman asked, even though he knew it was futile
to try and talk a 14th-level druid out of anything.
     "The tree of the universe spreads like a golden path upon
the well-spring of Life.  He who can pick its fruits and not be
cast down the dark pit will know ultimate wisdom.  If Buddha
tripped and fell while nobody else was around, would he make a
sound?  He who always finds fault in his friends has faulty
friends.  A penny saved is a penny earned.  A bird in the hand is
worth two in the bush.  A stitch in time saves --"
     "Okay, OKAY, I get the message!  Sheish!"  He looked out
through the menhirs and saw only swirling darkness.  "Uh, can I
get back to the Prime Material plane now?"
     "Certainly.  Just click your heels together three times and
say, 'There's no place like home, there's no place like home'."
     Burying his face in his hands, Ringman grudgingly tapped the
heels of his high hard boots together and meekly chanted,
"There's no place like home, there's no place like home."
     And while Ringman had his eyes closed, Koenieg cast some
obscure plane transport spell on him so that he would think he'd
gone back to Central Earth under his own power.
     Of course, Ringman wasn't _that_ stupid, but he was glad to
be back on Central Earth again.  Well, sort-of glad.  Oh, all
right, he could barely stomach the thought of living on the same
planet with Peter Perfect and his killing machine son.  And he
hadn't even seen his killing machine son yet.
     "Yep," Ringman told his warhorse as he mounted up to ride
off, "There's no place like home."
                                #
     Clerasil had refused to help.  Wierd Dough had refused to
help.  Middle Monk had refused to help.  Even Koenieg the Great
Druid had declined his services.  The only anti-disgusting
character left was Melnic the Loud, and that bard would almost
certainly not get involved.
     The instant he stepped on the welcome mat in front of
Melnic's Ollamh college, he realized it was a telepad.  That was
because everything around him had suddenly congealed and
deposited him in the middle of the college's courtyard.  He found
himself surrounded by raucous, noisy, semi-drunk Ollamh bards,
some pure human and some half-elven, who upon his arrival began
strumming away at their lutes (a few had genuine Anstruth or
Ollamh harps) and singing:
     "Welcome, Ringman, to our fancy-pants abode!
      Ringman, the paladin, whose tale is still told
      Of how he vanquished Omnion to the realm of burning cold;
      Ringman, Ringman, aren't you getting too old?"
     "Uh, hi, guys," Ringman said wanly.
     "YAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYY!!!"
     Melnic the Loud emerged from the middle of the crowd,
strummed his Ollamh Banjo, shifted his Recorder of Ye'Cind into
overdrive, and sang a fast little ditty that sounded very much
like Haydn's g minor symphony (except that Haydn hadn't been
invented yet):
     "From days of long ago a legend down to us has come,
      Or maybe it was Wierd Dough's mind that this message comes
          from;
      'Tis said that Peter Perfect had escaped his cell of late,
      And went to Hell to make a pact with Tiamat the great.
      And from his loins an evil seed in Sick Sword he did spray
      To make an evil child nine years ago this very day;
      And now he's tough, so all we'll say
      Is singing, singing, singing, singing, ye-e-e-e-e-es,
          . . . we are!"
     And all the other bards joined in and repeated the refrain:
"And now he's tough, so all we'll say / Is singing, singing,
singing, singing, ye-e-e-e-e-es, . . . we are!"  STRUM. 
Stru-dummmmmm.
     Ringman rolled his eyes up into his head.  That last line
didn't even fit in the context of the song.
     "We know that last line doesn't fit within the context of
the song," Melnic the Loud admitted in recitative, "But it's
. . . a tradition."
     "Well, for one thing, HE didn't make that child, I did. 
Gross Sword is my son just as much as he is Sick Sword's.  Peter
Perfect only . . . 'sprayed' . . . a little Tiamatish evilness
onto him a bit later."
     "OoooOOOOOOooooohhhhhhh," everybody sang.
     "So you probably already know that I need to enlist some
help.  I can't stop Peter Perfect and Gross Sword on my own. 
Melnic the Loud, will you --"
     "Well, er, I, um, that is, uh . . . I've got this college to
run, see?"
     Ringman folded his arms and shook his head.  "So did Wierd
Dough."
     "Good.  Then you'll understand."
     "I know why you're declining," Ringman said, "But I don't
think I'll ever understand."
     Ringman turned his back to Melnic and started to walk away,
then noticed all the 20th+ level Ollamh bards around him.  "Any
of you bards want to help me?"
     "Grumble grumble grumble grumble," they grumbled, suddenly
becoming concerned about their studies.
     Ringman walked slowly toward the telepad marked "MAIN EXIT"
at one side of the courtyard.  This had been his last shot. 
There was no one else he could turn to.
     'Oh well,' he tried to console himself, 'I've had to go it
on my own before.'
                                #
     Gross Sword scratched a few dark magic symbols into the
ground around Sick Sword's keep's clearing.  He couldn't stand
his sickening mother or his two goody-goody sisters.  He had
tried to wish them away once before, but they'd all made their
saving throws and a wish spell probably would have sent _him_ away
instead anyway.  Luckily they hadn't found out about that, so
they didn't vent any retribution upon him.
     He spied a squirrel scurrying up a nearby tree.  He hated
squirrels.  They were so cute and cuddly he wanted to throw up. 
He took out his Gross Hand Axe, whirled it around as though it
were a 5-ton war hammer, and let fly at the critter.  The
squirrel was instantly felled, frozen, burnt, wounded,
dismembered, poisoned, level-drained, hacked to bits, and finally
stunned by the axe's clap of thunder.  Sick Sword would
doubtlessly hear the noise, just like she always did, that bitch.
     "Gross Sword!" called his mother's voice from within the
keep.  "Are you killing squirrels again?!"
     "Yes, mother," he replied.
     "How many times have I told you not to do that?!"
     "Fifty-seven, counting now," he called back.  God IV, how he
hated Sick Sword.
     "Well, don't do it again!  How do you ever expect to make it
on Central Earth if you just go around killing things
indiscriminantly?!"
     Gross Sword shook with rage.  "All right, mother, THAT'S
IT!!"  He opened up one of his portable holes and took out a
tubeful of disappearing dust.  He spread the dust over his entire
body in the blink of an eye, and was gone from sight.  "YOU'RE
DEAD MOTHER!  DO YOU HEAR ME?!  _YOU'RE DEAD_!!!"
     "YOUREDEADyouredeadyouredead . . ." echoed his cry from
every distant mountain.  Disgusting Sword and Ridiculous Sword
looked up in alarm.  "That's it," Ridiculous Sword commented,
"He's making his move.  Come on, we'd better stop him."
     Their helms of teleportation glowed purple for a moment, and
they emerged at their mother's keep two leagues away.
     The town heard the thunderous cry as well.  Ringman, from
the top precipice of his house (which was actually a small
castle), heard the thunder's words and knew who the voice had to
belong to.  These were the first words he'd ever heard his son
say, and they frightened him down to his kidneys.  After all
she'd done to him, he still loved Sick Sword deeply, and now his
Tiamat-infected son was about to kill her and there wasn't a
damned thing he could do about it.
     Except dash for his warhorse and ride like lightning to Sick
Sword's keep, that is.
     Sick Sword zipped over to her portal spell -- er, window --
and saw the dust-of-disappearance-covered killer urchin trodding
through the front drawbridge of the keep at a rather alarming 40
feet per second.  The old cover-yourself-with-dust-of-
disappearance-and-cast-a-light-spell-directly-on-Sick-Sword's-
robe-of-eyes-to-blind-it-for-one-to-three-minutes-so-that-even-
her-permanent-detect-invisibility-spell-can't-see-you-and-you-
can-sneak-up-on-her-from-behind-and-backstab-her-for-quintuple-
damage trick; Omnion had tried that on her twice before, and had
succeeded the first time and nearly succeeded the second.  Sick
Sword knew what to do; all she had to do was spray him with dust
of appearance when he first showed up.  Now, where had she put
her dust tubes?
     The Sword sisters arrived just in time to see their evil
brother dart into the keep covered in dust of disappearance. 
They both knew this maneuver well; it was the only known way of
handling a really disgusting character.  Without even having to
use ESP on each other, they rushed in after him.
     Ringman rode hard and fast.  Very fast.  He'd equipped his
warhorse with horseshoes of speed and secured them in place with
an outer layer of horseshoes of the zephyr.  His horse could move
at double speed without tiring; and for some reason, right now it
was going two feet per second faster than that.  That would get
him there in time, he assured himself.  Of course it would.
     With a flick of his middle finger, Gross Sword knocked down
the solid adamantite door to Sick Sword's room.  His mother was
ready for him; she uncapped her tube of appearing dust and blew
at her son through the other end.
     That would have worked perfectly, had not Gross Sword also
been prepared.  For the last fifteen seconds, he'd been chanting,
gesticulating, and fiddling with a legume seed behind that locked
door; and now, having carefully integrated the flicking-down-the-
door maneuver into his somatic components, he released his spell,
blowing the spoilsport dust right back to its owner with a strong
gust of wind.  And since his artifact bracer allowed him to cast
simultaneous spells, he followed that gust of wind up with a
light spell thrown directly on Sick Sword's robe of eyes.
     Disgusting Sword and Ridiculous Sword had a clear line of
sight from the splintered drawbridge through the knocked-down
adamantite bedroom door to their blinded mother and her unseen
adversary.  He'd succeeded; she didn't manage to coat him with
dust of appearance in time.  "Get out of there, mom!" Disgusting
Sword and Ridiculous Sword shouted as they charged across the
foyer.  "Teleport!"
     Ringman could see the edge of the clearing through trees
blurred by speed.  Within that clearing lay the unmistakable
silhouette of her keep.  This was not the same clearing they'd
lived in together -- it was instead where the keep had first
materialized -- but it may as well have been.  There were
hundreds of bushes, trees, and leaf piles that could hide Sick
Sword and Gross Sword, if they weren't inside the keep.  Only
because that terrifying "YOU'RE DEAD!" sounded like it had come
from this particular spot did he ride here at all.  He changed
course ever-so-slightly and headed for the keep; he could only
hope that they were in fact in there.
     'My own son,' Sick Sword thought.  'How could I have misled
myself this far?'
     She didn't teleport.  She didn't look from side to side in
panic.  She didn't try to find another container of dust of
appearance.  She didn't even pick up her Sick Sword from the far
wall.  She just stood there and regretted her fate.
     'The bitch always was a pushover,' Gross Sword thought, and
rammed his Gross Dagger through her heart from behind.
     Disgusting Sword and Ridiculous Sword both saw the phantom
form impale their mother.  They both cringed in horror as she
convulsed and fell over dead.  Disgusting Sword involuntarily
dropped her Disgusting Longsword, which clanked noisily against
the stone floor.  As Gross Sword shook off the disappearing
faerie dust, he trumpeted an evil, victorious chortle that sent
shivers though both the still-approaching Ringman and his horse.
     He was still chortling when he left the prime material plane
six seconds later.
     "My God II," Disgusting Sword cried as she knelt beside her
dead mother.  "He wasn't supposed to _get_ this far!"  Her fists
clenched as her throat tightened up and wavered.  "We were
supposed to stop him first!!"
     Ridiculous Sword nervously looked at Disgusting Sword, then
at Sick Sword's body, then at Gross Sword's footprints in pile of
invisible dust he'd just shaken off, then back at Sick Sword's
body, then back at Gross Sword's footprints.  "I'm going after
him," she resolved.
     "But how will you know where he is?!" Disgusting Sword
demanded.
     "There's only one place he could have gone," Ridiculous
Sword replied.  "What's the matter, have you forgotten Standard
Evil Operating Procedure number twenty-six?  After an evil person
kills someone who's lawful-good, he or she goes to Heaven to
permanently destroy the soul!"
     Disgusting Sword just stared back at her and continued
breathing hard.
     "Well, don't just stand there, start a raise dead spell on
her!"
     "Oh," she blurted.  "Oh yeah."  She took out a white-with-
blue-striped generic holy symbol and began chanting and
gesticulating.
     "I only hope I can reach him in time," Ridiculous Sword
mumbled, flicked the switch or her amulet of the planes, and went
to Heaven.
     Ringman double-parked his horse by the keep's entrance,
jumped off, and rushed in through the door.  Without his bulky
adamantite-alloyed plate mail to hinder him, he could run a whole
1% faster.  He saw Disgusting Sword kneeling over Sick Sword's
body chanting a now-all-too-familiar raise dead spell, gasped,
and continued to rush forward.  He had been right; damn it, that
_had_ been Gross Sword's deadly chortle.  His old love was dead.
     He knelt beside Sick Sword opposite Disgusting Sword and
drew his holy avenger.  Solemnly lining up the point with one of
the spaces between the floor stones, he forced the blade three
inches down into the floor.  The upside-down sword now resembled
a cross, the ancient symbol for death.  He clasped the grip of
the longsword and reclined his forehead against his hands,
closing his eyes.  Silently, he prayed to his deity for Sick
Sword's survival.
                                #
     "Pardon me," Ridiculous Sword asked an angel-initiate
passer-by.  "Did you happen to see a --"
     She noticed a double-file path of dead angels littering the
yellow brick road that lead through the pearly gates.
     "Oh.  Never mind."
     She got a running start and then kicked in her artifacts. 
With all the times she'd taken major benign power "O: double
movement speed on foot," she'd multiplied her running speed by 2,
4, 8, 16, 32, all the way up to 64.  She could now run 12 288
yards in six seconds flat.
     Tiptoeing over the dead angels at a mere 6144 yards-per-six-
seconds, she reached the pearly gates.  She addressed the toll
booth.  "Saint Peter, you've got to let me in!  There's a --"
     And then she noticed that the trail of angel-initiates
weren't the only casualties around here.  Saint Peter had been
killed over a decade ago by Omnion, and now even his replacement,
Saint Paul, lay in a desiccated heap.
     'Guess I don't need his permission to enter, then,'
Ridiculous Sword thought, and charged in after Gross Sword.
     Sick Sword felt a sickening lump of deja vu form in her
stomach.  Here she was, perched on the boarding steps of a Trans
Heavenly Airlines concorde SST, unarmed and about to get
CuisinArted by a ruthless, evil foe.  She didn't much like being
in this position when Omnion was bearing down on her, and she
certainly didn't like the idea of getting eternally wiped out by
her own son.  She had seen this coming and had finished a contact
other plane spell several seconds ago, in case the worst were to
happen, and that didn't reassure her one bit.  So she did the
only thing she could: she started psionically telekinesing Gross
Sword and hoped that she'd be raised from the dead in time.
     Gross Sword held up Card Number 8 from The Villains
Collection of Commonly Used Sayings.  It read: "Hah, you puny
mortal fool!  Your powers of telekinesis are no match for my
permanent potion of flying at twice normal strength!"
     Sick Sword raised her eyebrows momentarily at the idea that
such a card could actually be a _commonly_ used saying, and
continued concentrating.  Card Number 8 was right; during the
first minute of concentration, her teke could only reduce his
flight speed by four percent.  She couldn't teleport, either;
teleportation involved using the astral plane for quick transit. 
Since she was dead, she was bound to the plane of Heaven and to
that plane only; she couldn't leave Heaven for another hundred
years.
     Ridiculous Sword wished she _had_ asked somebody for
directions now, even if it was only some cherubim-in-training. 
She was lost.  Every yellow brick road looked the same.  There
wasn't so much as a map pointing out "You are here," or a sign
saying "New angel recruits -->".  Saint Peter or Saint Paul sure
could have told her where Sick Sword had gone, yessireebob, but
for all her Disgusting powers there was no way she could locate
Sick Sword's spirit while it still had that %$!@#* mind blank
spell up!  Why couldn't Sick Sword have relied on her amulet of
life protection just for today?!
     Gross Sword drifted closer by the millisecond.  Sick Sword
was doomed, and she knew it.  Well, she might not be able to
leave Heaven, but she could bloody well still transmit her
thoughts through the contact-other-plane link she'd opened less
than a minute before.  If she was going to be annihilated, she
had to round out one last thing first. . . .
     "Ringman!" Sick Sword's voice echoed in Ringman's mind.
     "What?" he sat upright.  "Sick Sword?!"
     He glanced at Disgusting Sword.  His outburst had not
disturbed her prayer.
     Ringman could feel her presence almost as much as if she
were still alive.  He could feel the quavering fear, the
encroaching doom in her telepathic voice.  He could almost see
his own son bearing down on her with his adamantite dagger and
broadsword.
     "Ringman, you were right," the voice said.  "You were so
right, there _is_ no need for Disgusting Characters on Central
Earth anymore!  I should never have turned our children into
killing machines!"
     "Sick Sword," he clutched his face as he said it, "No, no! 
Don't let this be the end!  I still love you with all my heart!"
     "My love," she replied, and her voice sounded more final
than ever, "Ringman, I'm sorry. . . . I'm so, so sorry."
     A choking sensation cut across the telepathic ether, and her
transmission ended.  Ringman neither spake nor moved.
     "NO!" Ridiculous Sword shouted to Gross Sword when she at
last reached the scene, but too late.  Before she could get any
of her spells off, before even the quickest of her psionic
disciplines kicked in -- before there was any way she could beat
him to the punch -- Gross Sword impaled his mother's ghost on his
Gross Dagger and channeled enough damage into it from his Other
Bracer of Irresistible Damage to vaporize her.  Her phantasmal
form twinkled for an instant, and then dispersed itself back into
the cosmic ocean from whence it came.
     Disgusting Sword finished her prayer, pointed her right
index finger at Sick Sword's corpse's neck, and let her arm
recoil slightly.  The standard raise dead spark flashed on her
fingertip, but it wasn't echoed by the body at all.
     Disgusting Sword's mouth dropped open in disbelief.  Ringman
had already known for the last several seconds that it wouldn't
work anyway.  It was all over.
     Gross Sword smiled chaotic-evilly at Ridiculous Sword,
guffawed a hideous laugh, and left the plane of Heaven. 
Ridiculous Sword couldn't find him now unless he wanted to be
found.
     Ringman buried his face in his hands and started to shake. 
His fingertips grappled with his temples.  Then, not caring if
Disgusting Sword or Ridiculous Sword or the whole town heard him,
he tore his hands away and screamed as loudly as he could.
     "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"
     "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!" wailed the first echo.
     "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah," cried the second.
     "Aaaaaaaaah . . ." whispered the third.
     The silence that followed was thunderous.  It took Ringman a
long while to break down and sob.
     'The poor man,' Disgusting Sword thought.  'It must really
be hard on him.'
                            PART TWO
     "Portable hole," Disgusting Sword read off the inventory
sheet.
     "Check," Ridiculous Sword replied, taking the folded piece
of black hyperdimensional cloth from Sick Sword's bureau and
stowing it in a trunk.
     "Second portable hole."
     "Check."  Ridiculous Sword did the same to this facsimile.
     "Fifty containers of dust of disappearance."
     "Tentwentythirtyfortyfifty -- check."
     "Ring of earth elemental command."
     Ridiculous Sword pulled the ring from Sick Sword's finger
and threw it into the trunk.  "Check.  Ringman, you sure you
don't want any of this stuff?"
     "Huh, what?" Ringman awoke from his stupor.  "Oh, no, no,
I've got my limit as a paladin.  Can't have more than four non-
armor non-shield non-weapon magic items, you know."
     Disgusting Sword shrugged.  "We've never gone by that
stipulation."
     "You also got this way via robbing centaurs," Ringman noted. 
"Sorry, that lifestyle's not for me."
     "Suit yourself.  Ring of water elemental command."
     "Check."  The ring made a "ting" as it landed in the trunk.
     "Plus six dagger of wounding."
     "Check."
     "Plus six bastard sword of wounding."
     "Check."
     "Mace of Cuthbert."
     "Check.  Hey, you think one of us ought to use that?"
     Disgusting Sword pondered the idea.  They _were_ both lawful-
good clerics with strengths of 18 or more, after all.  "Well,
we'll see.  Maybe later.  Hammer of thunderbolts."
     "Check."
     "Arrow of slaying lawful-evil half-elven fighter/magic-
user/thieves."
     "Check."
     "Plus five longbow."
     "Check."
     "Helm of brilliance."
     Sick Sword's lifeless head lolled gently up, then down, as
Ridiculous Sword took its bejewelled helmet off.  Ringman
couldn't bear to look anymore.  "Check."
     "Helm of teleportation."
     She took the helmet underneath the first off her head. 
"Check."
     "Helm of telepathy."
     She took the third helmet off her head.  "Check."
     "Amulet of life protection."
     Ridiculous Sword moved to the bureau and took out a charm-
on-a-chain.  Sick Sword hadn't needed the amulet's limited
psionic protection when her now-artifact sword had given her
total immunity to _all_ forms of mental or psionic attack.  And
despite its namesake, Ridiculous Sword reassured herself, the
amulet of life protection wouldn't have done any good against
Gross Sword anyway.  "Check."
     "Reverse eyes of petrification."
     Ridiculous Sword covered the spectacles with her hand so as
not to look at them.  "Check."
     "Sphere of annihilation."
     Ridiculous Sword calmly chucked the black ball of
nothingness into the trunk.  "Check."
     "Wand of negation."
     _This_ item she was more careful with.  "Check."
     And the list went on and on.  Altogether, 10 magic wands, 20
magic rings, 150 containers of magic dust, 3 magic helmets, 3
magic pairs of gauntlets, 17 magic ioun stones, 3 magic staves,
13 non-artifact magic weapons, and 45 other miscellaneous magic
items completed the inventory of the late Sick Sword's magic item
arsenal.
     "And last but certainly not least," Disgusting Sword
finished the list, "The Sick Sword."
     "I AM THE SICK SWORD," the Sick Sword bellowed as Ridiculous
Sword grabbed it.
     "Oh, pipe down," Ridiculous Sword silenced it.  "Check."
     She was about to toss it in the trunk, but she stopped
herself.  "You know, this weapon right here could do a lot of
good in the right hands.  Ringman, are you _sure_ you --"
     Ringman backed away emphatically.  "Even if I did have room
for it on my inventory, which I most definitely do not, you
understand, I am _not_ going to touch that sword again!"
     Ridiculous Sword let the sword fall and put her hands on her
hips.  "Hey, wait a minute.  You have four magic weapons, right?"
     "Yeah, that's right.  My holy sword, my +3 hand axe, my +1
bow and +1 and +3 arrows, and my --"
     "And you have one suit of magic armor and one magic shield,
right?"
     "Well, yeah, but I was in too much of a hurry to put them on
when I heard Gross Sw--"
     "And what other magic items do you have?"
     "Well, there's my ring of shooting stars," he counted _one_
on his fingers, "My +3-in-a-5-foot-radius ring of protection," he
counted two, "My +3 periapt of proof against poison," he counted
three, "And my . . . and, my . . . my . . . uh . . ."  His voice
trailed off.
     "You don't have a fourth magic item, do you?"  Ridiculous
Sword chuckled.  "Ha!  You'd been hauling around those two magic
potions for so long that you forgot when you used them that they
freed up _two_ slots on your inventory."
     "Oh, I remembered that, all right," Ringman defended
himself, "It's just that I've been --"
     "So preoccupied with the rest of the things going on in your
life you forgot about it," Ridiculous Sword finished the sentence
for him.  "Well, now I'm reminding you.  You _can_ have one more
magic item in your care."  She indicated the overflowing trunk. 
"Well, now's your chance to pick one.  These things might never
get used again otherwise."
     "No, no, I couldn't, I'm --"
     "Afraid of taking anything that once belonged to your true
love."
     Ringman grimaced.  "Well, yes, because then --"
     "You'd feel like a vampire."
     "WILL you stop doing that?!  Just because you can read my
mind doesn't mean I want you to!"
     Ridiculous Sword nodded solemnly.  "Sorry about that.  I
guess all the experience points in Central Earth wouldn't teach
me respect."
     "Anyhow," Disgusting Sword reached into the trunk, "How
about her old helm of brilliance?"
     "I already told you, I don't want --"
     "Oh, come come now.  It'll protect you like a double
strength ring of fire resistance, it'll glow pale blue whenever
undead are around, this pale blue glow'll do 1-6 points of damage
to the undead per minute, you can produce flame at will, it'll
turn your holy sword into a holy sword of flame, and you can fire
up to ten prismatic sprays, twenty walls of fire, thirty
fireballs, and forty light spells."
     Ringman rubbed his fuzzy chin.  This magic item _did_ seem
awfully useful.  "Uh . . . uh, no.  No, I couldn't.  Really."
     "Then how about this handy-dandy girdle of titan strength?" 
She held up the harness and added temptingly, "Plus 7 to-hit,
plus 14 to dam-age!"
     Hmmm, he thought.  Compared to the normal +2 to-hit and +5
to damage that his 18/92 strength allotted him, 25 strength would
certainly be an improvement.  He recalled how much he'd enjoyed
being super strong after imbibing that storm giant potion for the
final battle against the IUDC, and that only gave him 24
strength.  But that was only a power trip, he realized.  "No.  No
super strength for me.  There's enough of that in Central Earth."
     Disgusting Sword shrugged.  "Suit yourself.  Hey, then how
about a wand of negation?  One zap from this wand can instantly
neutralize any magic item it's pointed at 3/4 of the time.  Or,
in the same vein, a rod of cancellation might do wonders for you. 
It can instantly drain an item of all its magic powers just by
touching it."
     "They _would_ be useful against Peter Perfect and his ilk. 
Listen, I'll tell you, one of the reasons I'm reluctant to take a
fourth magic item is that my warhorse already has horseshoes of
the zephyr and horseshoes of speed.  I'd feel a little guilty if
     "And you'd feel a little _stupid_ if having that one extra
magic item could have saved your skin the next time you clash
with Peter Perfect," Ridiculous Sword butted in.  "Besides,
didn't you used to have a carpet of flying?"
     "That was a _very_ long time ago.  I got rid of that years
before I even met Sick Sword.  And I have a fast warhorse
anyway."
     "Hey," Disgusting Sword resumed, "How about a rod of lordly
might?"
     "Doesn't that count as a weapon?"
     "Not if the Dungeon Master isn't looking."
     Ringman covered his eyes with his hands and shook his head.
     "Her old amulet of life protection would make you immune to
psionic blasts, and that's the only psionic attack mode that can
affect you.  Or that amulet of proof against detection and
location would keep the bad guys from finding out where you were. 
Or . . ."
     Ringman wasn't listening anymore.  He was lost in thought. 
'That helm of brilliance sounds marvelous.  Wearing that would be
like being a fire god.  But . . . titan strength, the ability to
lift and carry 1500 pounds without even straining, smash open
locked doors 9 times out of 10, successfully bend bars and lift
gates 110% of the time, and get +7 to hit and +14 to damage.'  He
rolled the words around in his head.  "Plus 7 to hit and plus 14
to damage.  Mmmmm.  +7 to-hit/+14 damage.
     "WHAT am I SAYING!" he suddenly blurted out.  Disgusting
Sword stopped rattling off item names.  Ringman hyperventilated. 
"Look, I can't get involved in any power trips, no matter how
tempting."
     "Don't tell me you actually think your code of paladinhood
prohibits that sort of thing!"
     "No, no, no, power trips . . . power trips got the I.U.D.C.
together in the first place.  Power trips turned Gross Sword to
chaos and evil.  I don't want that to keep on happening to
people, least of all to me."  He grasped his holy sword by the
hilt, which was still stuck point-first in one of the gaps
between the stones in the floor, and pulled it out.
     Or at least he tried to pull his sword out.  It wouldn't
budge.
     "Oh, come _on_, holy avenger, we've been through this before. 
You're not sentient.  You weren't forged by a wizard who looked
like a red push-button telephone receiver.  So stop playing that
sword-in-the-stone bit and come on out."
     He yanked again.  The few inches of the blade still stuck in
the masonry still refused to give.
     "Maybe it likes being Sick Sword's tombstone," Disgusting
Sword suggested.
     "We're gonna move Sick Sword anyway," Ringman said as he
strained with the stubborn longsword.  "She'd stink up the keep
if we didn't bury her.  And we can't exactly cremate her while
that permanent potion of fire resistance at 150% effectiveness is
still in effect on her.  Oh, stop playing dead, you stupid sword,
_let go_!"
     Ringman exhaled and dropped to his knees.  It seemed there
was only one way to get it out.  "Pretty please?" he pleaded with
the sword.
     The holy avenger leapt from its place in the floor into
Ringman's right hand.  Ringman shook his head in tired disbelief.
     Ridiculous Sword eyed the holy sword warily.  "Are you sure
that sword's not sentient?"
     "Sure I'm sure.  It's never so much as throbbed at me for
the whole time I've owned it, and Peter Perfect _said_ it was an
ordinary holy sword."
     "Lemme have it for a few minutes."
     Ringman shrugged.  "Okay."  He handed her the sword.  "What
are you going to do."
     She held the sword in her right hand, took out a scroll
she'd had specially scribed for just such an occasion, and read
the runes from the page.  The scroll looked like it would take a
while to read.
     "She's identifying it," Disgusting Sword told him.  "The
identify spell itself takes ten minutes to cast, but she can pick
up one property of your holy sword every six seconds after that."
     "Oh."
     "Say, what weapon do you use in your off hand?"
     "You mean, what's in my left hand when I'm wielding my holy
sword?" Ringman replied.  "My shield, of course."
     "No, I mean, what do you use in your left hand when you're
_not_ using your shield."
     "Oh.  Well, when Peter Perfect splintered my old +4 shield I
had to use my magic hand axe in my left hand."
     "I see.  And just how magic is your hand axe?"
     "Plus three.  Why?"
     "Well, you can use a dagger, right?"
     "Well, yeah, I have --"
     "So why not trade that old +3 hand axe in for Sick Sword's
+6 dagger of wounding?"
     Ringman opened his mouth in a half-stupor.  "A plus . . .
six . . . dagger . . . of wounding?" he whispered.  Then, in his
normal voice: "Hmmph, it's bad enough she was ever able to buy
such a weapon in the first place.  Can you imagine me walking
around with a pure adamantite dagger that leaves unhealable
wounds?"
     "And . . . you're sure you won't want that girdle of titan
strength?"
     Ringman stood up and put his hands behind his back.  "I
think," he mused as he strolled toward the window, "That I would
rather take in the view of the surrounding forest than wear a
girdle of titan strength."
     Disgusting Sword glared at him out of the corner of her eye. 
"Are you sure you're really our father?"
     Ringman glanced solemnly over his shoulder at her, and after
a few seconds replied, "Are you sure you're really my kids?"
     He looked out over the fields in the late-afternoon sun for
a long time, never so much as flinching.  Never so much as
looking back at his first daughter, whom his last question had
hurt.  It was only Ridiculous Sword's voice ten minutes later
that broke him out of his trance.
     "I think I've found something," she said, putting the sword
down.  She would have been quite exhausted had not that spell
come from a scroll instead of herself.
     "Oh?" Ringman turned toward her, only half-interested.
     "Your sword has no intelligence in the usual sense of sword
intellect.  However, it is sentient, in a way."  She handed the
holy avenger back to Ringman.
     Confused, Ringman carefully took the sword in both hands. 
He viewed it in a totally different light now.  "How . . . is it
sentient?"
     "It has one special power, in addition to being a run-of-
the-mill +5 holy longsword."
     'Run-of-the-mill holy sword?' Ringman thought.  "Um, what
power is that?"
     "If you embed it in stone, it won't come back out unless you
say, 'Pretty please'."
                                #
     Ringman rode rather slowly back to his own castle. 
Disgusting Sword and Ridiculous Sword could straighten things out
at his late girlfriend's keep on their own.
     His holy sword hung from his belt as it had on that hurried
journey over there.  He had firmly decided not to take any magic
items from Sick Sword's inventory home with him, so there was no
helm of brilliance capping his head or girdle of titan strength
circumscribing his waist.  However, there was one charge of Sick
Sword's that he did feel obliged to look after, and it sat on the
saddle behind him.
     "My master's gone," the brownie sobbed.  It had taken a long
time for him to get over the shock of having the mental cord
between himself and Sick Sword snap apart.  Familiars always took
a while to recover from the loss of their master.  Now his crying
had subsided to a gentle evening shower in the middle of the
forest.
     "I know how you feel," Ringman commented.  "Believe me, I
know how you feel, . . . uh, what's your name?"
     The half-pixie dried one of his eyes with his index finger. 
"Sick Sword always called me 'the brownie'."
     "She . . . she never even asked you your name?"
     "Naah, she was usually too busy, and most of the time I was
astrally projected so I wouldn't get hurt."  He gazed skyward,
then out at the forest.  His first home had been in a forest much
like this one.  "The astral plane was an awfully drear place; but
at least I had her thoughts to keep me company."
     "Did you have a name among the brownies?"
     "Well, yeah, my folks and all my friends used to call me
'Homer' before I got recruited to be Sick Sword's familiar."
     "So . . . you left your family and friends behind then."
     "Yeah, but at least I got this in the bargain."  He held up
a dimly glowing short sword.  "It's made of pure adamantite."
     Ringman chuckled slightly.  "So what around here isn't?"
     "Did . . . did you used to have family and friends too?"
     "You mean, before I became a paladin?  Well, yes, as a
matter of fact, I did.  My father was a mason, you see; in fact,
that was the family trade, fitting and mortaring stonework.  Of
course, like everyone in this culture I learned the family trade
too, but my father knew somebody who had connections with the
Knights' Guild, and that if I trained hard enough I could enter
the service of King Whatshisname the Seventy-Fifth.  So I went to
knight school --"
     "Couldn't you have gone in the daytime?"
     Ringman grimaced.  "That's an old pun.  Anyway, I made it
through knight training, entered the king's service, and
eventually got selected to be one of the elite palace knights. 
They said it had to do with certain rare qualities that were
determined at birth.
     "Anyhow, they gave me this book to learn called 'The Code of
Paladinhood.'  Only problem was that at the time I couldn't read,
so I had to learn it by rote.  Well, I did learn the paladin's
code, and the instant I finished reciting it before the Knights'
Guild I gained all these weird powers.  And pretty soon, I got
assigned to be guardian of the town I'm still living in."
     Homer rubbed his chin for a second.  "But you still haven't
told me about your family and friends."
     Ringman thought for a long moment.  He was looking down at
nothing in particular.  "Maybe that's because . . . I've been
trying not to remember them."
     They rode on through the forest in silence.
                                #
     Now that was something you didn't see every day, the first
guard thought.  Rarely did little boys ever visit The Dungeon,
and even then they usually weren't wearing robes of eyes.  Still,
he had his duty to uphold, so he straightened his scale mail,
drew his broadsword, hefted his shield, and asked, "Who goes
there?"
     The boy grinned and parted open his robe of eyes on one
side, then opened the black robe of the archmagi underneath so
that both guards could see the dagger sticking out of his belt-
sheath.  The tiny sliver of the blade that was exposed to sight
glowed a dim blue.
     The first guard nudged the second out of his nap with his
elbow.  The second guard rubbed his eyes to resolve the very
dangerous looking little boy stalking toward them.
     The first guard pointed his sword at the kid.  "Halt and
identify yourself!  Who are you?"
     The boy stopped four feet away from him and narrowed his
eyes until he stared out of slits.  "Your worst nightmare."
     The second guard drew his sword as the first one gasped and
tightened his posture.  It wasn't very easy to move in scale
mail.  It was, however, very easy to move in a robe of eyes and a
robe of the archmagi, particularly if you happened to be a 17th-
level monk and a 60th-level weapons master under the influence of
a potion of speed at double normal effectiveness.  The boy's hand
flashed out, snatched the broadsword from Guard Number One, and
squeezed until the blade broke in half.
     Startled, Guard Number Two swung his sword around in a
crescent arc, aiming for the kid's left shoulder.  Before he knew
what happened, the boy had drawn his dagger with his left hand,
sliced up through the air, and cut off the guard's right hand.
     "OWWWWWWW!" the guard screamed, slumping to the ground and
clutching his right wrist below the stump just as hard as he
could.  It didn't stop the slow trickle of blood.
     The first guard said some interjection in lawful-neutral and
scampered away as fast as he could.  The second guard wasn't
about to stop the youth from getting in The Dungeon if he wanted
in that badly.  He couldn't have stopped him anyway.
     'That's what I like about being chaotic evil,' Gross Sword
thought as he walked through the entrance, 'You can do anything
you want.'
     "Well well," Wild Max said when he glimpsed Gross Sword
walking into the visitors' arena, "What have we here?"
     "It's a boy!" declared Rango.
     "A boy wearing a robe of eyes!" Da Bad Dude observed.
     "And a black robe of the archmagi," Dirk the Destructive
added.
     "And holding," Rango examined the dagger in his left hand,
"A +6 unholy dancing frost-brand defender anti-sun blade of
wounding, sharpness, throwing, thunderbolts, venom, life
stealing, slaying everything, contradisruption, bronze dragon
slaying, brass dragon slaying, copper dragon slaying, gold dragon
slaying, silver dragon slaying, green dragon slaying, blue dragon
slaying, speed, final word, and nine lives stealing."
     A fire leapt up from the dagger's hilt and consumed the
blade.  "You forgot flame-tongue," the Gross Dagger complained.
     "Oh, how stupid of me," Rango said.
     "Frost-brand and flame-tongue at the same time?" Da Bad Dude
wondered.
     "Humph," Gross Sword humphed.  "Hmm.  Ha.  Ha ha.  HA!  HA
HA HA HA HO HO HO HO HO!  HARDEHARHARHAR!!"
     "Hey," Wild Max sneered, "What's so funny?!?"
     "You call yourselves Disgusting Characters?!?  HAH!  I spit
on your feeble attempts of disgust!  PTOOI!"
     "Well, what do you expect?!" Dirk the Destructive said
defensively.  "We've been stripped of our magic items, our
psionic powers, and our dignity.  Why, back in the days of the
Union, we could --"
     "DO NOTHING!  Your pathetic Union was defeated by a bunch of
wimps as weak as yourselves!"  He reached into one of his
portable holes, pulled out his three magic helms, and stacked
them on his head where they belonged.  "Why, my _mother_ could
defeat your most powerful member."
     "Oh yeah?  Who's your mother, kid, Sick Sword?!"
     "As a matter of fact, yes."
     _That_ got their attention.
     "Or at least she was until today.  Now she's nothing."
     Rango shrugged.  "Well, don't look at any of us.  We didn't
have anything to do with it."
     "Not that we're sorry to see her go," Wild Max gloated.
     "Of course not.  _I_ killed her and evaporated her soul."
     All four pairs of ex-IUDC-members' eyes bugged out.  Then
slowly, one by one, they began applauding their boy hero.  Gross
Sword bowed.
     "Kiddo," Da Bad Dude said amid the mounting cheers, "You've
just got yourself four followers for life."
     "Followers?" Gloss Sword asked rhetorically.  He'd expected
someone to suggest that, but turned the word into a question
anyway for dramatic effect.  "Oh, I'm not interested in
followers.  You four are going to bow down and worship me."
     The cheering stopped instantly.
     "Or I will kill each and every one of you."
     A purple shimmer in the middle of the room broke the mood. 
The ex-Disgusting-Characters all wiped their brows in relief
until they saw who it was stepping out of the purple shimmer.
     "I thought I might find you here, Gross Sword," Ridiculous
Sword said.
     "Well, sister dear," Gross Sword smiled chaotic-evilly,
"Long time no see.  Too bad about dear old mom, eh?"
     "You've killed your last prime material being, Gross --"
     "And she might have survived, too, had she ever bothered to
draw the 'fates' card from a deck of many things.  Tch tch tch."
     Very calmly, she said, "Defend yourself, brother," and
charged at him at 12 288 feet-per-six-seconds.
     Gross Sword's Gross Broadsword deflected Ridiculous Sword's
Ridiculous Hand Axe with no trouble at all.  Of course, the clap
of thunder that rose out of the weapon-to-weapon contact was a
bit unnerving.  "I always have," Gross sword replied to her last
instruction.
     This time, it was Ridiculous Sword's Ridiculous Broadsword's
turn to parry Gross Sword's Gross Dagger, which it did quite
well.  With a little guidance from its disgustingly accurate
owner and another very loud thunder clap, of course.
     "Hmmm," Gross Sword said in between sword hacks, "Not bad
for an amateur."
     Ridiculous Sword glanced around at the cells around her and
their terrified occupants.  Each weapon-to-weapon thunderbolt
probably brought them that much closer to deafness.  She would
have to take the battle outside.  Breaking off from the fray, she
ran out through the entrance doorway, past the wounded guard, and
into the elysian fields.
     Gross Sword ran out as far as the de-handed guard in the
doorway, then stopped.  "Gee, too bad," he said very loudly, "If
you won't engage me I guess I'll just have to kill _him_ instead!"
     Ridiculous Sword had to get his attention, and fast.  "Gross
Sword sleeps with his Teddy bear!" she teased, and scampered
insultingly away.
     "I do not!" the nine-year-old disgusting boy replied.  "And
besides, he's a Teddy dragon-turtle."  He charged after her.
     They clashed again.  And again.  Their weapons sent peals of
thunder echoing from the far-off peaks.  And neither of them got
hit.
     "I see," Gross Sword said over the prevailing thunder, "That
the Dungeon Master hasn't retracted that old limitation requiring
you to roll a natural 20 to hit anyone who's armor class -17 or
better."
     "Don't play dumb with me," Ridiculous Sword replied just as
audibly.  "The Dungeon Master let us add our to-hit bonuses into
those 'extended twenties' on the attack matrices long ago.  Our
armor classes are just so good that we can't hit each other
anyway."
     They couldn't even hit each other by surprise or from
behind, either, as they eventually discovered.  Their rear armor
classes were -45, not counting their protections from evil/good.
     Clang, clash, the skirmish continued.  Clang, clang, clang,
shink, kssh, kssh, shunk, pshank -- they could have knocked each
other unconscious and never hit each other.  They were hit-proof
even in their sleep.  This was getting them nowhere.
     "This is getting us nowhere," Ridiculous Sword commented.
     "Who cares?  This is the most fun I've had in hours!"
     Sparks flew from their weapons, dusty roads and elysian
fields got trampled underfoot, a few people and some forest
creatures in the vicinity went deaf, and still they hadn't a
scratch on them.  Neither of them dared to use any of their "slay
living" or "finger of death" spells, both because they'd easily
make their saving throws and because any spells they cast at each
other would set up a resonating field between their rings of
spell turning.  It was a stalemate, pure and simple.
     And finally, even Gross Sword got tired of playing this
silly game.
     "I'm tired of playing this silly game.  I think I'll go wipe
out an upper or lower plane instead."
     "No!" Ridiculous Sword accidentally gasped.
     Gross Sword smiled.  "You'll see me around again.  On one
plane or another."  And with that, he vanished.
     Ridiculous Sword let her weapons drop down by her side, and
retrieved her Ridiculous Dagger and Ridiculous Longsword from out
of the air.  Being weapons of dancing, the dagger and longsword
had been doing their part independent of her.  Then again, Gross
Sword had been doing _his_ part independent of her since before he
was born.  She wished she knew what had made him go wrong, she
wished one of those commune spells or audiences with the Dungeon
Master or Ollamh bards would have let her in on the secret. 
Something about spraying an evil seed was all she'd ever picked
     But first, she had to warn the other planes of what might
soon happen to them.  Gross Sword could attack anyplace at any
time, but his most likely targets would be those planes that were
lawful good.  After all, he could goad her the most by attacking
a saintly plane, and his own alignment was diametrically opposed
to law and good anyway.  That narrowed his choices down to the
three levels of Arcadia, the seven Heavens, and the Twin
Paradises.  Twelve planes to choose from, and Gross Sword could
strike at any one of those.  Well, she had better get st--
     No, there was a thirteenth plane she'd almost neglected to
include: the back of the east wind, where Bahamut's palace stood. 
The lord of all good dragons; wouldn't _his_ head make an
excellent trophy to hang on Gross Sword's wall.  That would have
to be Ridiculous Sword's first stop.
                                #
     "Bahamut!" Ridiculous Sword called out.  There was no
answer.  Surely, the one platinum dragon could hear her; his
palace was barely a hundred yards away.  Even if the palace _was_
invisible to normal sight.  She approached a bit closer, and
called for him again: "BA-hamut!"
     An old hermit creaked up to her from a nearby brook down a
hill.  There were seven canaries flitting around his head.  "Are
you looking for the platinum dragon?" the hermit asked.
     "Oh, there you are," Ridiculous Sword said nonchalantly. 
"Hi, Bahamut.  We have to talk."
     The hermit studied her closely, then gasped and bugged out
his eyes.  "It's _you_!" he exclaimed, and as he said this his
body underwent a startling transformation.  His neck elongated
and thickened, his arms and legs elongated and thickened, his
head elongated and thickened, his torso elongated and thickened,
his previously non-existent tail elongated and thickened, and his
skin turned from wrinkled dry tan to shining platinum.  Within
seconds, the hermit was a huge ancient dragon once more.
     His canaries turned into huge ancient gold dragons too, but
that was what usually happened anyway.  "Ridiculous Sword!"
Bahamut said, quivering in awe.  He bowed in that way that only
dragons can.  "I'm honored by your presence!  Tell me, what
brings you to the back of the east wind?"
     "I came here to warn you about my brother, Gross . . . hey,
wait a minute.  Didn't Wierd Dough kill you for your experience
points?"
     "Oh, phhh, that was only my Bahamut android, programmed to
act like me in every detail.  So what is this warning about your
brother?"
     "He's finally flipped," Ridiculous Sword exhaled.  "I saw it
coming for a long time, 'though I'm not sure why.  He said he
wanted to wipe out an upper or lower plane, and he's fully
capable of following through on that promise.  This place is his
most likely target.  And so are you."
     Bahamut shook his tremendous mane and swallowed hard in that
way that only huge ancient platinum dragons can.  "And . . . what
can I do to protect myself and my court?"
     Ridiculous Sword glanced downward.  "I wish I knew."
     And that's when the air behind Bahamut glowed purple for a
moment.
     "Holy feces," Ridiculous Sword cursed, "He's here."  She
drew her Ridiculous Hand Axe and her Ridiculous Broadsword and
ran around behind the dragon lord.
     Gross Sword only smiled and sprinted in a wide arc out to
Bahamut's right side.  Ridiculous Sword followed at the same
impossible breakneck speed, but there was really no way she could
catch up to him.  Not unless he made a mistake.
     He seemed to be making a mistake, Ridiculous Sword noticed. 
He seemed to be running too slowly.  Ridiculous Sword was
actually catching up with him.  She knew he had the same set of
artifact powers and the same running speed as she did -- their
infernal balance of power insured that -- so then why would he
run slow enough for her to close the gap?
     It was not Gross Sword that had made the mistake.  It was
Ridiculous Sword who had.  She was so intent on catching up with
her brother that she didn't think that maybe he wanted her to
catch up.  Just as Ridiculous Sword was nearly upon him, Gross
Sword doubled back and headed for the platinum dragon at full
tilt.
     Ridiculous Sword cursed herself for falling into that trap,
leapt, executed a midair flip, and sprinted back toward her
brother and the dragon lord she had been trying to protect.  She
wasn't closing in on Gross Sword this time, though.
     But Bahamut wasn't going to take this sitting still.  He
knew about disgusting characters' armor classes, so clawing and
biting were out of the question; besides, they had far too many
hit points to kill in just a few blows.  Instead, he opened his
cavernous maw and exhaled a cloud of vapor at the boy-demon
charging him.  The seven gold dragons by his side also breathed
seven cones of fire at the light-brown-haired youth in case that
might do any good.
     If by some miracle of nature Gross Sword had managed to roll
a "1" on a 20-sided die against Bahamut's vaporous breath, he
would have assumed gaseous form for two whole hours.  As it was,
though, he was neither vaporized nor fried; the flames all
bounced off his fireproof Other Bracer of Irresistible Damage
anyway.  He closed to terrifyingly close range with Bahamut,
glanced over his shoulder at his sister (who was only 10 yards
behind him), jumped, whirled around in midair, landed on the back
of Bahamut's neck, and poised his Gross Broadsword threateningly
beneath the platinum dragon's chin.  "FREEZE!" he commanded.
     Ridiculous Sword hesitated.  The dragon lord was motionless
as stone.
     "One more step, Ridiculous Sword, and Bahamut here gets it!"
     Ridiculous Sword eyed her brother warily.  He had already
killed his own mother; he was certainly capable of following
through with his threat.  She wondered why he hadn't just killed
Bahamut outright.
     "Now, throw down your weapons," Gross Sword ordered.
     'So that's his plan,' Ridiculous Sword thought.  'Make me
