get yourselves out."
    "Agreed." Utlin returned.
    "One other thing." Tarva continued "Our scans are blocked
for over two hundred meters down.  You have a lot of area you
can explore, and only one known exit."
    "We'll proceed with caution."  Utlin said, "Out".
    Utlin saw a number of backpacks appear.  Each pack contained
twenty relays about the size of a tricorder.  They would simply
activate and place the relay on the floor when their connection
with the Vigilante began to fade.
    When Utlin returned to the hall, the lights were bright
enough to see to the end of the hall.  The lights were not
bright, just the standard off yellow indirect light that was
prevalent in the rest of the level.
    The five packs of relays were distributed to the technicians
then the group started down the hallway.  Twenty meters in, they
came to the first intersection.  Utlin split the group in half
and each took a corridor.
-----------
    Captain Robert Anthony stood in the Away Team command
center.  The center looked like the bridge of a Starship.  There
was a commander's chair in the middle of the room with
operator's stations in front of it.  Each operator could monitor
several team members at a time and the commander could direct
any of the video to one of five screens on the front wall.
    When Anthony had first visited the center during one of the
training missions, Lt Commander Golta had instinctively offered
the center chair.  Anthony, however, refused telling Golta that
in this room he was in charge of activity unless specifically
relieved.
    Now the command center was busy.  With the most away teams
yet deployed, most of the operators had reported even though
they were not needed.  The area had been designed to follow and
coordinate over 300 personnel, if needed.  Currently there were
only 48 deployed.
    Tarva sat in the commander's chair.  With Golta taking this
early opportunity to join in on the fun, Tarva had to cover for
him.  Anthony smiled to himself, he wished he could be out there
with them, that's why he was here now.
-----------
    Soon after splitting up, Utlin's team found the first room.
The lights in the room came on as they entered.  The room was
filled with bunks holding mummified Borg.  These Borg were
different than the ones Starfleet was used to.  They where
obviously Borg but not nearly as heavily implanted as standard
Borg.  Also, the stations they were on appeared to be only sleep
areas.
    "Sir," one of the techs said to Utlin after examining some
of the bodies.
    "Yes, Lieutenant." Utlin replied.
    "I can not find any of the standard Borg circuits in these
bodies." The tech said.
    "Elaborate." Utlin said as he approached the young woman.
    "Sir, all Borg we have encountered have two main kinds of
interfaces.  The first is the main power connector, which allows
them to feed.  The other is the Borg link, which keeps them
connected to the whole.  These Borg do not have the circuits for
the Borg link.  In fact, it is my guess that these units were
never part of the link.  I wish I had the facilities on the ship
to do a proper analysis."
    "Team leader to Home." Utlin said to his mike.
    "This is home." came Tarva's voice.
    "Can you read the Borg units in the area?"
    "Only through your transmissions, we are unable to
accurately scan the area."
    "Would it be possible to transport some of the bodies to
home for closer inspection?" Utlin sounded more curious then
anything.
    "If you triangulate with the location function on three
tricorders we may be able to get a proper lock."
    "Permission to attempt transport?".
    "Hold." was Tarva's reply.
    There was a few minutes of silence then Tarva returned
"Proper isolation fields have been activated.  Prepare for
triangulation."
    Utlin motioned for three techs to surround one of the
bodies.  "Sending coordinates..now". Utlin said when all three
signaled ready.
    There was a slight pause then the body was gone.  They did
the same with two other bodies that appeared to be different
models.
    Utlin's team continued to survey the new area.  They soon
found areas that appeared to be living, dining, even recreation
and computer interface areas.  It was slow tedious work, but
Captain Anthony decided in order to understand an enemy, one
must know as much about its past as possible.
-----------
    Anthony stood in an observation room looking at one of the
Borg bodies.  They had turned out to be extremely well preserved
and were providing unprecedented information on the inner
workings of the implants.  Though the Enterprise had made
extensive examinations of a captured Borg, named Hugh, and
Locutus, there had never been a chance to actually dissect one.
    It was the Vigilante's third shift and a smaller staff was
on duty in the science section.  Two of the other Borg were
currently being examined, this one was alone.  Anthony saw
movement out of the corner of his eye.
    A woman entered the exam room.  She wore the standard, red
uniform of command and commander's pips.  Her wavy blond hair
barely touched her collar and was held off of her face by a
couple of simple clips.  With her hands clasped behind her back,
she slowly walked around the creature.
    Anthony watched in fascination as the woman circled the Borg
several times.  Finally, she stopped and looked at Anthony
through the one-way window.
    "It's close," she said "very close, but not exact.  It was
never part of the link.  You need to be able to access the link
without them knowing.  If you can do that, they can be
defeated."
  Anthony watched the woman approach then fade as she reached
the window.  He continued staring into the room as a tear
formed in his eye.  Blood dripped from his palms from squeezing
his finger nails into them.
-----------
    Lieutenant Utlin sat in his quarters examining recordings of
the days explorations.  His roommate had been transferred closer
to the science section so he again lived alone.  He was not
reviewing his own team's records, rather he was looking at Team
One's records of their explorations of the top half of the
station.
    There was occasional evidence of his own civilization.  The
artifacts were coldly presented, but they were there.  Remains
of familiar structures and workmanship, Children of Lin'hrlar
raped and twisted by these evil creatures, all could be seen in
these cold records of the days journey.
    Utlin had wanted to spend this time in the Command Center
but had been ordered to his quarters.  They wanted him fresh to
lead the expedition to the next layer of the 'Barracks', what
the new section had been named.
    As survey teams continued the exploration of new areas,
Utlin found it irresistible to stay away from the Command
Center.  Now, he sat in his quarters examining what records he
did have and making plans for his next shift.
    Since the Captain had ordered a fourth team into the outpost
to explore the next level down they were already suffering from
information overload.  With all of the information coming in, it
was impossible to analyze all of it.  It was quickly becoming
obvious that they would not come near to having a complete
understanding of the outpost during their time here.  The
technicians of the Command Center had become more like
librarians of the new data rather than analyzers of it.
    As Utlin stared at the images before him his door signal
chimed.
    "Come." he said without looking up.
    He heard the door open and someone walk in.  He looked up to
see Anndrea standing just inside his door.  She wore her
standard uniform but her straight back hair hung loose about her
collar.  Somehow, she seemed softer than usual, almost, but not
quite, peaceful.
    Utlin stood out of courtesy "Good evening, I believe is the
proper greeting." he said with a smile. "How are you tonight."
    Anndrea managed a soft smile then said "I'm fine, just came
to see what your impressions of today's events are."
    Utlin motioned to one of the rough duty chairs near his work
station and waited for Anndrea to sit down and let the chair
form to her.  "The working areas that Team one explored are
fascinating and quite disturbing to me but they don't seem to
hold many surprises."  Utlin began.
    "How integrated have your people seem to have become with
the Borg?"  Whitecloud said carefully.
    Utlin sat back and looked at the images scrolling by on his
screen.  "Their behavior or duties don't seem to be any
different than the rest of the Borg units.  The impression is
that they have become fully assimilated into the society.  Other
than that, I really don't have any special insights, they are no
longer Children of Lin'hrlar, they are Borg."
    Whitecloud sat back in the chair and closed her eyes.  Her
legs moved slightly as if she were trying to swing the chair
from side to side.  "Has there been any progress with Lady
Purlerna?"
    Utlin cringed at the thought.  "She's changed, she no longer
acknowledges the existence of the Borg, she thinks she's on a
long cruise.  We sit in this accursed outpost and she looks at a
view screen and sees stars streaking by."
    "Haven't the counselors been working with her?" Whitecloud
asked.
    "The counselors on this ship are trained to help warriors
find their lost metal.  They are no not what you would call
xenophysicologists, trained to guide an alien mind back from its
depths.  From the cases I'm familiar with, when one of my people
was lost, there was no retrieving.  Perhaps it is Lin'hrlar
protecting her from the terror we face now."  Utlin had
obviously given this a lot of thought.
    "What is going to be done with her?" Whitecloud actually
sounded concerned.
    "It's still undecided," Utlin replied "She has named her
computer interface and now thinks it's her attendant.  She never
leaves her room and I am the only person she even acknowledges,
all others she ignores."  Utlin had learned to like Purlerna in
the past couple of days but it was more out of pity.
    "She has only been like this for a couple of days, she could
still come back."  Utlin continued.  "Like I said, once a Child
of Lin'hrlar is lost, they usually can't be retrieved except
through the grace of Lin'hrlar himself."
    "You will continue to try to talk her out of it?"
Whitecloud asked.
    The thought was obviously an unpleasant one, but Utlin
nodded simply and said "Yes, I'll continue to visit her when I
have time."
    "Very good, now, tomorrow we have a big day ahead of us.  I
plan to join you in the exploration of the next level of the
barracks."  Whitecloud looked as if she had just delivered very
good news.
    "Your taking command of my team?" Utlin asked defensively.
    "Not at all, we've just decided that Team two should join
you in the Barracks.  It is too large of a place to be explored
by only sixteen people at a time."
    "And the other areas?" Utlin asked.
    "Teams six and seven will join Team one in the upper half
and Team five will join Team four on the next level.  You know,
Team four seems to have found some sort of communications array
but they're holding decision on that until we get more
information."  Whitecloud replied.
    "We really should get some rest before the expedition."
Whitecloud said after a moment of silence.
    "Perhaps your right." Utlin agreed.
    Anndrea stood and walked into the other room, removing her
uniform jacket.  Utlin followed her, saying "Computer, lights
intensity 2."
    The lights dimmed.
-----------
    The two teams appeared outside of the only known entrance to
the Barracks.  Team four had looked for sign of it on their
level, but could not track it down.  The further into the
outpost they got, the more interference they encountered in all
of their tracking equipment.
    The third shift teams were just emerging from the structure.
Their leader immediately reported to Lieutenant Whitecloud.  The
report basically told them that there were no new findings, only
Borg in various states of decay.  They hadn't even found any new
specimens worth beaming aboard the Vigilante in almost four
hours.
    The only new thing that had been found since Utlin had left
was the elevators they planned to take down to the next level.
They were easy to find, just follow the main hallway to its end.
The team that found the elevators had tested one but had not
ridden it, that would be the privilege of their superiors.
    Utlin felt a strange feeling as the double team approached
the bank of elevator shafts.  There were 30 personnel in the
group, one person from each team had been left at the door as
guards or look outs.
    He looked up at the top of the shaft just above his head.
"I don't think we want to go up."
    The controls on the two panels were identical to the ones on
the earlier elevator.  They had already been tested, and were
suppose to be properly set for use.  Utlin hesitated then
stepped onto the grating.
    "I guess I'm still the logical choice." he quipped "I've got
the most experience."
    "Remember," Whitecloud reminded him "the Vigilante's
transporters are not there to pull you out this time."
    "Thank you Lieutenant," Utlin said with a smile, "I'm aware
of that."
    There were twenty five elevators along the back wall.  The
two teams would use three of them.  Two team members were chosen
to stay at the top level to maintain the communication relays.
Relays were also being attached to the top of the shafts and to
the elevators.
    The second level looked like the one above, a main corradore
down the middle with connecting corridors about every twenty
meters. There were no immediate differences, but all felt the
cold isolation and age of the area.  It was like opening an
ancient tomb.
    Once everyone was off the elevators they split into their
original teams.  The plan was for each team to explore half of
the level, using the main corridor as the divider.  It was soon
discovered, however, that this level was quite different than
the first.
    The area to the right of the corridor was one large open
room.  It was divided off by standing containers, supporting
wires and other hardware.  The containers were large enough to
hold a large size humanoid, they were black with metal trim and
partial glass fronts.
    The containers could not be seen over, because of their size
and the support cabling running to them.  The team could tell,
however, that this half of the barracks was filled with them.
    "Sir," one of the technicians said "The containers hold Borg
units apparently in stasis.  I read a very small trickle charge
to all of the chambers."
--------------
    After two days of exploring the lower levels of the
'Barracks', Whitecloud and Utlin were ready to make a formal
presentation to command.  Captain Anthony and the rest were in
the Command Room.
    Whitecloud stood by the main screen with a cut away
schematic of the Barracks.  "Sir," she began "The Barracks is
filled with a different model of Borg then we have yet
discovered.  As you know, the top level was filled with
mummified Borg that do not appear to have been part of the 'Borg
link'.
    "Most of the Borg in the lower levels, however, do appear to
be in some kind of stasis.  The Borg in stasis do seem to be in
perfect condition.  There are some units that appear to be in
defective containers.  These Borg show extreme signs of
decomposition."  The picture on the view screen then split to
show a pile of Borg attachments and what appeared to be humanoid
remains.
    Whitecloud turned and looked at the remains "We have begun
an analysis of all Borg attachments.  Because of the age and
micro-fine wires, the job of safely collecting the pieces is
extremely tedious."
    "What about the undamaged units?" The Captain asked.
    The remaining schematic of the Barracks was replaced with a
picture of a Borg in its container.  "We are not certain what
the reaction might be if we disturb the viable Borg units.  We
are waiting for your go ahead to open some of stasis units."
    The group began discussing the pros and cons of opening some
of the containers.  It was obvious that the computer systems on
each level monitored the Borg, but it was impossible to
determine to what degree.
    Robert Anthony listened to his officers discuss the merits
of opening the stasis tubes.  It occurred to him that there was
only one decision he could make.
    The Captain cleared his throat and the room immediately fell
silent.  Anthony stared at the ghostly Borg image on the screen
for a second then said "You've been discussing weather or not to
open some of these containers, there is no choice."  Anthony
looked at his officers for a second then continued.  "The
containers MUST be opened.  Our mission here is to gather
information, nothing else.  This gives us only one plan of
action, that is to open the containers and discover as much
about these units as we can.  The choice then becomes..How do we
do it?"
    Anthony looked at the group again, they were all nodding
agreement.  "Now, what I want you to do is analyze as much as
you can about these units and the stasis system before we try
opening a chamber.  I will be kept abreast of all progress on
the analysis and will maintain the final go ahead for opening,
is that clear?"
    "Yes, Sir." the group responded, practically in unison.
--------------
    Lieutenant Utlin stood in an observation room looking at
Lady Purlerna.   She sat hunched in a corner of her room, slowly
rocking back and forth.  Her arms were wrapped around her knees
hugging them tightly against her face.  "How long has she been
like this?" he asked an attendant.
    "We found her that way this morning." a female Ensign
replied.  This one was different from most, she had short,
straight, black hair and pointed ears.  Whenever Utlin spoke to
her, which wasn't often, she seemed cold, almost mechanical.
    "Did anything happen that could have caused this reaction?"
Utlin continued to stare at Purlerna.
    "The surveillance cameras show that she woke in the middle
of the night and crawled into the corner."  The pointed eared
female continued to talk to him emotionlessly.
    Utlin approached Lady Purlerna then knelt in front of her.
He reached out and slowly stroked her hair from in front of her
face, soon he could see her forehead over the top of her knees.
She had stopped rocking as soon as he touched her.  He gently
placed his hands on either side of her head and made her look up
at him.
    Half of Lady Purlerna's face was covered with a black mask.
A multi-prismed goggle covered her right eye, wrapping around
the side of her head, embedding into her skull just behind her
ear.  A small red laser was attached to the appliance along the
jaw line and flashed across Utlin's face as the woman looked up
at him.
    Purlerna's good eye widened in recognition, she spoke in a
mechanicle imitation of her own voice "Resistance is futile,"
she said "surrender for assimilation and serve the greater good
of the collective."
    Utlin sat straight up in bed trying to chase away the dream.
With his movement, the cabin lights brightened slightly.  He
looked around trying to remember where he was.  Utlin could
sense warmth next to him, he looked down on the bronze, muscled,
V shaped back of Anndrea Whitecloud.  The sheets covered her to
her waist and her straight black hair partially hid her
shoulders.  She hugged a pillow under her face and looked at him
with her one exposed eye.
    "Was it the dream again?"  She sounded slightly groggy but
very coherent.
    "Yes."
    "Is it still the same."
    "No, she spoke." Utlin shook his head trying to clear the
remaining threads of the dream.
    "And" Anndrea still hadn't moved.
    "She said that resistance is futile and we should just
surrender."  Utlin had leaned back on his elbows and was looking
at the painting of a four legged creature on the ceiling.  "Do
you think they know where we are?" He asked.
    "I don't think so, they'd be in here after us." Anndrea
responded. "Besides, there isn't much we could do about it if
they did."
    Utlin continued to study the ceiling and the poem Anndrea
had included:
        Go to the Wild that waits for me;
        Go where the moose and the musk-ox be;
        Go to the wolf and the secret snows;
        Go to my fate...who knows, who knows!
                                          R.W.S.
He finally understood.
--------------
    Transport areas were set up on each level of the barracks.
Standard pattern enhancer pylons were used and were tied into
the communications relays.  This allowed the crew to stand in
the field defined by the pattern enhancers and be beamed back to
the Vigilante as if a transporter had been installed.
    Utlin and Whitecloud watched as technicians started running
tests on the room's computer terminals and on five viable Borg.
One of the tricorders connected to an interface port began to
beep indicating a break in the code.
    "Has it accessed the terminal?" Whitecloud asked as she
stepped toward the tricorder.  As she spoke, the other
tricorders also began to signal.
    Several technicians were monitoring the tricorders with the
larger analytical tricorders.  "Negative." one of them said "The
tricorders appear to have activated the computers."
    "Home, this is team one, should we discontinue experiment?"
Whitecloud said immediately.
    After a slight pause, Commander Tarva replied "Negative,
continue data collection, but upgrade to defense condition two."
    The teams had entered the barracks under defense condition
one; drawn weapons, mutual cover formations etc.  They were
currently under def-con 3; holstered and locked weapons, helmets
off or visors up, generally a more relaxed working atmosphere.
Def-con 2 called for charged weapons, helmets on with lowered
visors where appropriate and nonworking personnel taking
positions to provide more security.  The security personnel were
always under a defense condition that was one higher than the
rest of the crew.
    The computer panels began to light up and seemed to begin
running diagnostics as lights and displays began flashing in
increasingly complex patterns.  Within minutes, all levels began
reporting that their computers were going through the same
sequences, even those that they had not tried to access.  Soon,
the rooms began to light up as the support cabling running to
the stasis containers began to glow.
    When the stasis containers began being effected by the power
up, Tarva ordered all tricorders disengaged.  The removal,
however, had no effect on the activation.
    All teams except for teams two and three were immediately
evacuated.  Teams two and three remained behind to monitor the
new activity.
    All remaining team members had gone to def-con one.  The
team couldn't do much about the activation,just monitor and try
to remain close to the beam out points.  Lieutenants Utlin and
Whitecloud remained by the computer centers as the technicians
continued to monitor the changes.
    "Sir," one of the techs said "There's something happening in
one of the canisters."
    A canister that had stood off to the side from the rest had
lit up and began to hum.  All phasers were immediately aimed at
the lone container.  Whitecloud, however, signaled for them to
relax slightly.
    Soon, the front of the canister jerked open releasing steam
and an acrid odor.  The Borg standing inside could be seen
unmoving through the smoke.  It didn't move for several seconds
then began to take deep breaths.  Bellows built into the Borg's
sides  constricted and expanded to force each breath.
    The Borg was built different from other units, it had a full
head appliance that didn't cover any part of its face, the body
armor was thicker than normal and more angular.  The unit's
attachments for the arms were connected on top of the arms
leaving the hands free.
    Its eyes snapped open and it stepped out of the canister
walking directly toward the group.  They thought it would ignore
them as usual, instead it stopped and stared at its reflection
in the Utlin's face shield.
    The Borg spoke to Utlin in a cold mechanical voice that the
universal translator automatically translated to standard
"Identify."
    For want of something better to do, Utlin opened his face,
bowed slightly, never losing eye contact with the Borg and said
stiffly "Sir Utlin, at your service, Sir."
    The Borg stood with his head tilted to the side for a second
then said in perfect mechanical Federation Standard "Why have
you awakened me..us..Sir Utlin At Your Service Sir."
    Utlin hesitated for a second then said simply "Identify."
    The Borg did a stiff imitation of Utlin's bow and said
"Offensive Unit One of ten kil.  Why are you awakening us, Sir
Utlin At Your Service Sir."
    The Borg tilted its head to the side again and stared past
Utlin for a second then said "RESISTANCE IS FUTILE, YOU WILL BE
ASSIMILATED...." the Borg looked confused for a second then
spoke again "The link has been expanded, this must be
investigated."  He turned to the computer terminal making a fist
of his right hand causing a long metal rod to telescope from the
underside of his wrist, then connected to the terminal.
    There was a call from one of the guards on the first level
of the Barracks "Attention, this is sentry one, we have company.
Three Borg have just materialized outside the Barracks and are
heading in."
    Tarva's response was immediate "All teams, evacuate
immediately." Tarva hesitated for a second then added "Defend
yourselves with extreme prejudice."
    As Tarva spoke, so did the old Borg "You are intruders."
    The Borg then moved faster then anyone had ever seen.  His
left arm connected with a device attached to his hip, bringing
it up pointed at Utlin.  Before they had a chance to react, the
thing fired a burst of yellow energy striking Utlin just below
the right elbow as he jumped out of the way.  The blast severed
Utlin's arm and blew a large gash in his right side.  Utlin's
dark red blood splattered in all directions as the blast
continued on striking a much slower human tech.  The tech to
simply blew apart as he flew back against several stasis
canisters.
     Utlin was the first to fire back at the Borg.  He had fired
as he jumped out of the way, still taking the hit.  The Borg was
hit low on its right side.  It staggered back a step but it took
aim again.  Through the ensuing commotion Lieutenant Utlin could
still hear the whirring and beeping of the tricorder clutched in
his right hand.
    This time the Borg's shot went wide as it absorbed ten more
red phaser blasts.  The team could hear the Borg's shot strike
something behind them with a loud explosion.  The Borg stumbled
back from the phaser strikes, with wires sparking from dry
wounds.
    <This is Chief Swanson,>
    Came the voice of the usually quiet transporter chief.
    <We've just lost signal from transport area A, repeat, we've
just lost signal from transport area A.>
    The Borg fired again, this time the shot went totally wild,
destroying several stasis containers and showering the team with
sparks and debris.  It was the last thing Offensive Unit One of
Ten Kil did as a bright blue phaser beam struck the creature,
instantly vaporizing it.
    The radio-intercom was soon filled with disjointed
confusion...
    <The Borg are still coming>...
    <Team Three withdraw immediately>...
    <Team Three, report status>...
    <The door is closing>...
    <We're going to be trapped>...
    None of the team members had had the presence of mind to
change their phaser settings except Lieutenant Whitecloud.
Anndrea knelt over Utlin holding a triage pad over the wound,
her phaser still leveled at the spot where the Borg had been.
The rest of the team held similar cover positions all kneeling
or crouched giving 360 degree cover.
    <Team Three....withdrawal....level one.....Quad A... extr..>
Commander Tarva's transmission and all other's from the
Vigilante ended with the closing of the Barrack's door.
    One of the techs who was still monitoring his tricorder
spoke up "Other canisters are powering up."
    Whitecloud quickly looked at the lights on all of the
equipment. "Lets move toward the elevators."  She thought for a
second then added "Target all equipment and make sure we get
those analytical tricorders out with us."  With that she fired
an extended beam into the main computer station near them.
    The team got to its feet and started firing on all computer
terminals, canisters and conduits.  They were soon being
showered with sparks, fire and debris.  The closest canisters
and equipment vaporized while other equipment started exploding
from chain reactions.
    Team Three started down the hall toward the main corridor.
Lieutenant Whitecloud held Lieutenant Utlin to her side holding
the triage patch in place.  Utlin's stumped didn't bleed, it was
cauterized by the blast.  The rest of the team split into their
standard two by two cover formation.
    Borg units started to appear from around the banks of
canisters.  Each was slightly different from the next but all
appeared to be heavily armored and lumbered more than the
standard Borg.  Many had full face appliances and carried
accessories strapped to their sides.
    The new units were immediately targeted but were barely
effected by the standard red phaser, even at full power.  Many
of the team, however, had already switched to blue which
vaporized the creatures.                          .
    "Full power to blue spectrum." Whitecloud yelled through the
confusion.
    With the whole team now firing in blue, large areas started
to clear around them as everything vaporized.  The phasers
however, started to over heat and shut down, Whitecloud's was
the first to go.
    Anndrea Whitecloud holstered her phaser and took Lieutenant
Utlin's.  Using the aiming systems built into the weapon and her
helmet, Anndrea drew down on another emerging Borg.  Left handed
firing was always one of Anndrea's weak points but she still
drew marksmanship honors.  Now, with the weight of Utlin at her
side, the pressure of having to keep moving, the intense heat
from the fire fight and moving targets, Whitecloud missed.
    As soon as she missed, Whitecloud called a warning, dropped
the Lieutenant and jumped to the side, re-aiming.  Before she
could regain her target, however, the Borg fired at her and the
two team members that had stayed with her for support.  The two
others were hit by the full force of the blast disintegrating
them in a blaze of red.  Anndrea felt the remains of her
commrads splash against her as she vaporized the Borg.
    Utlin lay face up on the deck clutching his side, slowly
rocking back and forth.  Anndrea couldn't see his face, but
could still feel his pain.  She helped the Lieutenant back to
his feet and headed into the curtain of smoke and fire ahead of
her.
--------------
    The communications on the bridge of the Vigilante had
erupted into a sea of confusion as soon as the door to the
barracks closed.  Captain Anthony was suddenly bombarded with
information from every survey support team on the ship.
Anthony's attention, however, was focused solely on Commander
Tarva, Lieutenant Commander Kartang, and Lieutenant Commander
Golta.  Golta and Kartang were in their command centers and
shared a split main screen.
    "Sir, all teams except team three were safely evacuated
before the door closed." Tarva reported.
    "Were the evacuation coordinates successfully relayed."
Anthony sounded like he was grasping at straws.
    "I don't know what good that will do." Golta growled "even
if they make it to the coordinates, there's no way we can
transport them out.  The Borg have raised the transport shields
again."
    Anthony scanned the faces on his main screen then turned
slightly to also look at his first officer.  "That's our next
mission, to retrieve the lost Drop Team and their tricorders."
    "Sir," Tarva said formally, "I must remind you that our
mission guidelines clearly state that we should not jeopardize
the mission of the Vigilante for the life of any member of the
crew."
    Anthony smiled slightly "The key word there is 'guidelines'.
The over ridding mission command is that the Captain has
complete authority to follow his own judgment."
    Tarva sat up a little straighter, she never wanted to leave
the team behind.  It was, however, her job to remind the Captain
of mission regulations.
    Anthony turned back to the screen "Now, I want suggestions
for the rescue, and I want them within ten minutes.  We have
people dying down there."
    Ten minutes later, Anthony and Tarva met Golta, Kartang and
Lieutenant Valerta in the 'Cavern'.  "Okay, what's the plan?"
Anthony asked as they approached.
    The two Klingons and the Kalonian came to attention as the
Captain and First Officer approached.  "Sir," Kartang said "we
have devised a plan to retrieve Drop Team Three."
    "Lets hear it."  Anthony said immediately.
    "We recommend sending in a drop ship to retrieve the team."
    "How do you recommend we get the drop ship in there?" Tarva
asked.
    "If we blast our way through the deck directly below us and
the underlying walkway it would be a straight drop to the
Barracks."  Kartang said enthusiastically.  "The drop ship
should have enough fire power to blast a hole in the barracks
and allow retrieval of the team."
    Anthony looked at the warriors in disbelief this was a
suicide mission if there ever was one.  It would also, without a
doubt, give away the position of the Vigilante.  He then looked
at the female pilot "I assume you have volunteered to pilot the
drop ship."
    The female Klingon came to stiffer attention and said
proudly "Yes Sir."
    Anthony then looked at Tarva who was scrutinizing the Pilot
"What's your opinion Commander?"
    "We'll have to move the ship as soon as she drops."  Tarva
said contemplatively.  Then to Valerta "You'll have a real rough
ride."
    "I can handle it." the Klingon said threateningly.
    "Okay, contact tech, find out exactly what we'll need to do
to punch a hole big enough to drop through."  Anthony said and
started to turn back toward the door.
    "They're already working on the calculations." Golta
informed the Captain.
    Anthony smiled slightly again "Very Good, we'll set a
tentative time for the drop in exactly twenty minutes."  Anthony
paused in mid turn and said "I'll want a second drop ship
prepared as a backup."
    "Sir," Kartang said "Lieutenant Valerta is the best pilot we
have besides myself.  As commander of the drop ship fleet, I
recognize it is my duty to remain with the command center but if
the mission proves too hazardous for even Lieutenant Valerta, I
request the honor of piloting the second drop ship."
    Anthony stood in his half turn and looked over the group for
a second "Permission granted." he said simply and exited the
Cavern.
--------------
    Through the EVE system built into her helmet, Whitecloud saw
the computer generated outline of the tail end of her retreating
team.  The figure was providing back cover for the rest of the
team continuing ahead.  The soldier's phaser trained directly on
her as she approached, then aimed high and fired over her
shoulder.  She could smell the ionization and feel the intense
heat as the shot barely missed her head.  Whitecloud never
flinched from the shot, just kept moving.  She did duck,
however, as she felt debris land about her.
    "Report." Whitecloud commanded as she approached the sentry.
    "Sir, including you two, I can account for seven." the
sentry said without diverting his attention from the
surroundings.
    Whitecloud cringed, she had lost half of the remaining team.
How many more would die, rather, would any of them survive?
    Whitecloud found the remaining four just inside the entrance
to this half of the level.  They were providing mutual cover and
watching the main corridor and elevators.  Anndrea laid Utlin
with the group then crouched with them against the wall.
    "What's the situation?"  She asked as she looked out at the
elevators.
    "The Borg in stasis in this section seem to have stopped
reviving."  One of the warriors said  "The Borg by the elevators
appear to be the ones that came in from outside."  The man
nodded toward three Borg standing stiffly by the center of the
bank of elevators.
    "I wonder how long they've been there?" Whitecloud mused.
    "They arrived just after we did." one of the four
volunteered.
    "From above?"
    "Aye, Sir" They came down on the elevator.
    "Sir," the remaining tech said "I'm picking up a lot of
movement in here, the Borg are still waking up."
    "We'd better get out of here." Whitecloud said.  She then
motioned for someone to pick up Utlin and they started heading
toward the elevators.
    Just as they started along the wall, the three Borg
separated forming a large triangle.  Immediately, cylinders of
green light appeared as more Borg beamed into the triangle.
    "They're using the three to triangulate for beaming." one of
the techs said.
    "That means their sensors can't read in here either."
Whitecloud responded.
    Soon, ten Borg were in front of the elevators and were
heading toward the stasis room.  Several of the team immediately
drew down on the Borg, but Whitecloud waved them off.  "Lets see
what they're going to do."
    The team continued toward the elevators, hugging along the
wall.  When they were about half way, one of the tail guards
called out "We've got more company."
    Five old Borg had emerged from the stasis room and were
facing the now advancing Borg.  The Borg had passed the team and
totallyignored them.  The two groups of Borg stood staring at
each other for a few minutes.
    Whitecloud had the group hold its ground waiting to see what
would happen.  Finally, one of the old Borg spoke.
    "The Link has been expanded beyond its original intent."
    "THE INTENT OF THE LINK IS IRRELEVANT" One of the newer Borg
said in a mechanical voice that sounded like many voices.
    "We have been awakened, there are intruders to deal with."
    "INTRUDERS ARE IRRELEVANT, YOU ARE OBSOLETE YOU MUST BE
REASSIMILATED."
    "We have been awakened, there are battles to be won,
intruders to be eliminated."
    "THE INTRUDERS ARE IRRELEVANT, BATTLES ARE IRRELEVANT,
WINNING IS IRRELEVANT, YOU MUST BE REASSIMILATED."
    More old Borg had begun to emerge from the stasis room and
columns of green light started to appear bringing more newer
Borg.  "We'd better get out of here while we can." Whitecloud
said.
    As soon as the team started to move, one of the old Borg
pointed its weapon at the group.  Before it could fire, however,
one of the other Borg grabbed the weapon with one hand and
removed a circuit from the creature's neck with the other hand.
The Borg immediately fell to the floor.
    The old Borg units immediately responded by firing on the
other Borg.  As soon as the firing began, the team broke into a
dead run toward the elevators.  The newer Borg were being cut
down by the old Borg but replacements were beaming in.  The
replacements, however, had shielding that could withstand the
blasts of the older Borg.  By the time the team was on the
elevator, the hallway was filled with both older and standard
Borg.  The standard Borg at first seemed to be taking a beating
but looked like they would eventually overwhelm, as usual.
--------------
    Lieutenant Valerta sat alone in the drop ship.  She wore
full pilot armor phasers strapped to both hips.  She sat tensely
in the snug pilot's seat with a half snarl on her lips.  The
signal over the door counted down eternally slow, her world seem
to be passing by in slow motion.
    Drop ship command and the bridge heard Lieutenant Valerta's
Klingon primal scream as the drop ship launched.  As soon as DS
Twelve cleared the bay, The Vigilante began a fast assent toward
the top of the Outpost.  DS Twelve had its own flight path,
straight down toward a solid deck.
    Everything had to be timed just right, as DS Twelve
approached the surface, the Vigilante beamed photon torpedoes
into place.  The torpedoes appeared and detonated seconds ahead
of DS Twelve.  The cloaked drop ship's egg shaped shields could
be seen against the fire and debris of the explosions as it
passed nose first through the holes the Vigilante had just
punched in the outpost.
    Valerta struggled against the turbulence of the explosions
as she passed through the outer hull and the access tunnel the
first team had originally beamed into.  The turbulence from the
depressurization reminded Valerta of piloting a star glider
through the solar winds of the Omicron Dellon.
Once Valerta cleared the access tunnel it was a straight
drop to the machine room and the top of the barracks.  Valerta
fired her thrusters swinging the ship toward the barracks then
immediately activated the targeting systems.  The drop ship's
fire control computers where preprogrammed with strike
coordinates and evasion maneuver sequences.
    The drop team had been ordered to extraction point alpha
which was the corner of the barracks to the right of the main
door.  Valerta was to target the wall to the left
ofthe door so as not to jeopardize the team.
    The drop ship approached the barracks in extreme
acceleration with shields at maximum and cloaking engaged.  As
soon as she was within range, Valerta fired a full volley of
photon torpedoes at the barracks.  The cloaking peeled away from
the drop ship to allow the firing then immediately reappeared as
extreme evasive maneuvers were taken.
    When Valerta finished her turn and roll, she came about to
allow full sensor scan of the area.  The floor outside the
barracks had a giant hole in it but the walls merely seemed
discolored.  The ships sensors read no cracks or other kinds of
damage to the structure.
--------------
    When the elevator arrived at the top level, the team was
greeted by the two guards that had originally been posted there.
Leading the group off the lift, Whitecloud turned to the guards.
    "Report."
    "Sir," A Klingon said "three Borg came in then rode the
elevator down, no other Borg have entered since the door
closed."  As he was saying this, he continued to cover the other
elevators.
    "Sir," the other guard spoke up "what is going on down
there."
    Whitecloud had stepped away from the group trying to get in
the full picture of the situation.  "The old Borg have come out
of stasis, they appear to be designed for a single purpose."
    "What purpose?"
    Whitecloud turned and looked at the guard raising her face
shield "They're warriors."
    "They're designed for battle." one of the others added.
    There was movement in one of the elevator shafts.  The group
immediately dispersed from the area then turned back to cover.
    "It's from one of the lower levels." the Klingon noted.
    A lift holding ten Battle Borg arrived just as the Klingon
finished.  The Borg immediately started firing on the group,
cutting one of the techs in half.
    The response was immediate, with the team firing an array of
red and blue phaser blasts at the Borg.  Several Borg took
direct blue hits, causing them to stumble and burn but not
disintegrate.  The red phasers did no obvious damage.
    Whitecloud then yelled "Aim for the lift."
    Three of the Borg had gotten off of the elevator before a
blue phaser disintegrated it.  The seven Borg still on the
platform dropped out of sight.
    Whitecloud made an adjustment on her phaser before the three
could get too far from the shaft.  This time when she fired,
bright white fire flared from the sides of the phaser muzzle and
the Borg where hit with a solid blast of energy and blown back
into the shaft.
    "Use the photon grenades," Whitecloud yelled "destroy the
elevators before we have more company!"  As she said this she
stuck Utlin's phaser in her belt and ran toward the shafts
already pulling grenades from her equipment pack.
    "Set them at full power." Whitecloud added.  The remaining
members of the group followed suit, pulling out grenades and
making adjustments on the go.
    They spread out and started dropping the remote controlled
grenades down the shafts, even the one that had just been
destroyed.  They weren't quite done when one of the control
panels lit up.
    "Another one's coming up." someone yelled.
    Whitecloud pushed a few buttons on the controller on her
left arm and yelled "FIRE IN THE HOLE".
    The seven ran from the shafts, all watching the countdown
displays in their helmets.  They hadn't even made it back to
where they had left Utlin when they dove for the deck covering
their heads.  Twenty-one of the twenty-five shafts immediately
blew yellow and blue flames over the team.  A shock wave threw
everyone over six meters further down the hall.  The team
recovered quickly and came up with phasers in hand.  The control
pads for two of the remaining four shafts lit up.
    Whitecloud headed for Utlin and commanded "Take cover!"  The
rest of the team stumbled to their feet and headed down the hall
toward the nearest connecting corridors.  Anndrea had Utlin by
one arm dragging him towards cover when the Borg arrived.
    Both lifts were packed full of battle Borg who immediately
started to spread out.  The blue phaser blasts that met them
only damaged them, but didn't destroy any.  After laying down
several barrages, Whitecloud pulled out more photon grenades.
    "Set to full power." Whitecloud said as she adjusted the
dial on her's.
    "But Lieutenant," one of the techs said "full power?"
    "DO IT" Whitecloud yelled then leaned around the wall and
started throwing her grenades over the heads of the advancing
battle Borg.  She then turned toward the Klingon guard and said
"Target the undamaged elevators."
    As soon as the grenades rolled into the elevator shafts,
Whitecloud called again "Fire in the hole!" then detonated them.
    The team stopped firing and dove down the hall away from the
doorway.  Whitecloud never had a chance to take proper cover
when the flames, shockwave and deafening roar from the
explosions blasted down the side corridor.  The explosion lifted
Anndrea from the deck and threw her over the rest of the team.
    Lieutenant Whitecloud landed clumsily rolling sideways with
flopping arms.  Her back, arms and legs smoked from the flames
but she was saved from major damage by her fire retardant
uniform.
--------------
    The Borg response to Valerta's attack was immediate.  The
interior was soon filled with white flashes of probing energy
beams.  Valerta expertly flew evasive maneuvers and lined up for
another attack, this time on the door.
    Two volley's of triple photon torpedoes struck the door and
surrounding area with a blinding flash.  Valerta began her roll
and retreat before the cloaking was totally reengaged but this
time took her first hit.  The drop ship shuddered from the
strike but didn't suffer any damage.
    When she was finally able to check the damage of the last
attack, the results were the same, major exterior deck damage
and discoloration at the impact site.  There was, however, no
discernible damage to the barracks or the door.
    The drop ship shook from another hit, and even harder from
two shots that immediately followed.  Valerta cut power dropping
and rolling the ship to the right, trying to keep the probing
beams from zeroing in on her.  After the roll and another turn,
she accelerated and climbed straight up the side of the room.
    Before Valerta could start another run on the door, five
more energy beams found her.  The drop ship shook violently as
the shields failed and the ship took its first direct hits.
    Valerta struggled to maintain control with secondary systems
failing.  She then accelerated making abrupt turns and dives
trying to avoid the net of energy bolts.  Many of the shots
continued to miss as the Borg tried to adjust to the low scanner
profile of the now uncloaked drop ship.
    Valerta got the ship positioned for a third attack then took
more hits, four to the engine area, several glanced off the body
and others struck the cabin over the copilot's seat.  Power to
all systems began to fail as sparks and smoke filled the cabin.
Valerta had no recourse, she set the impact destruct mechanism,
accelerated toward the barracks, then hit the eject button over
her head.
    Since the Borg had raised beam out shielding, Valerta was
ejected mechanically.  The pilot's chair was ejected through the
top of the drop ship.  The top clam shelled around the pilot to
form an ejection pod.
    Valerta's ejection pod was thrown high over the machinery
below.  The pod was nearing its zenith when the drop ship struck
the barracks and self destructed.  The blinding white flash
damaged the outer machinery below and threw the pod further
across the room, crashing into the partitioned area.
--------------
    Kartang sat strapped into the pilot's seat of his drop ship.
He could hear the confusion of the situation through the
intercom but didn't say a word.  The bitterness of his own blood
slid down his throat as he bit his lip trying to maintain his
focus.
    "Drop Ship One," came Tarva's voice "prepare for
deployment."
    "Drop Ship One standing by." was Kartang's gruff reply
    Captain Anthony and the rest of the crew sat strapped into
their rough duty chairs. The main view screen showed the
expansive outpost hold stretching out below them.  The Vigilante
sat in a high corner of the outpost above the coordinates it had
occupied since arrival.  Now they had to perform a tricky Z-axis
drop back to the bottom to deliver more photon torpedoes and
Drop Ship One.
    "Sir" Lieutenant S'Erlet spoke up.
    "Yes, Lieutenant." the Captain replied immediately.
    "I'm reading a large number of low energy beam discharges in
the hold below us."  S'Erlet said as he studied the readouts in
front of him.
    "What purpose do they have." Anthony asked adjusting his
console to show S'Erlet's station.
    "They are similar to what Valerta reported before she
crashed."  S'Erlet said.
    "They're looking for us." Anthony said coldly.
    "What do we do, Sir?" Ensign O'Malley asked as she prepared
for the drop.
    Anthony's reply was simple "Hold our position."  then to
S'Erlet "Lieutenant, is there any sequence to their search
pattern?"
    S'Erlet worked quickly at his console trying to guide the
ship's computer through its analysis.  "Yes, Sir"  he then
anticipated the next question "Now predicting gaps in coverage
for next ten minutes and plotting possible course for Z drop."
    "Very good."  Anthony smiled then added "feed earliest
possible course to helm.  Ensign, initiate Z drop by S'Erlet's
feed."
    "Aye, Sir" O'Malley said and began making the proper
adjustments.  Immediately a two minute eighteen second timer
appeared on the screen. "Z position adjustment maneuver in two
minutes." O'Malley reported just as the timer reached the
marked.
    Kartang watched the new countdown progress, his own launch
sequence held at twenty seconds.  Kartang had been in numerous
skirmishes and raids along many of the empire's borders but
never before had he felt such fear.  He sat alone in an unproven
piece of Federation equipment waiting to dropped like a rock
into an alien space station to retrieve possible survivors of a
science expedition.
    He watched the sequence near its end, waiting for some sign
of the descent.  Of course he knew there would no discernible
movement but he still expected it.
    The Vigilante started its descent through the station.  It
made wide sweeping turns and sudden drops to stay in the gaps of
the energy beams.  Ensign O'Malley closely monitored the
computer's course choice and stood ready to redirect the
Vigilante in an emergency.
    "Ensign," the Captain said to his navigator "prepare a
course for emergency withdrawal from the station."
    "Aye, Sir." O'Malley said hesitantly then started pushing
buttons.
    "And the survivors?" Tarva asked.  She wasn't questioning
her Captain's judgment, just needed to know what to prepare for.
    "I will not risk anymore personnel or equipment for possible
survivors."  Anthony replied  "And we definitely can not risk
the Vigilante any further at this point."  he hesitated for a
few seconds to wipe sweat from his forehead.  "We have another
destination to reach beyond this outpost.  We must complete our
mission."
    "Sir," O'Malley reported "approaching drop point."
    S'Erlet was the next to speak up "Captain, I'm reading extra
structural reinforcements at original drop site.  They also
appear to have extended the beam out shield to that area."
    "What's the closest beam in site available?" Commander Tarva
asked.
    S'Erlet put a diagram of the area on part of the screen.  He
then highlighted the section covered by the Borg's force field.
Pointing to an area outside the force field S'Erlet said "We
could beam in the torpedoes here, along with direct firing we
should be able to punch a new hole in the deck."
    "Will there be enough room for the drop ship to maneuver in
