heard by a member of the clergy.
"I suppose I should have been uncomfortable or at least 
have felt some degree of humility upon entering the 
building. But I didn't. I had been too long separated from 
this part of my nature. I simply stood inside the entrance 
way and observed my surroundings. A man stepped out 
of the confessional and a woman who had been waiting 
slipped through the drapes as he left. The man 
genuflected in front of the alter, then walked down the 
aisle, past me, to the front door. He looked at me 
suspiciously, glancing up and down my uniform, as if I 
were a stranger who did not belong. He may have been 
right.
"The cold from his passing still fresh against my exposed 
face, I walked further into the damp church. Not really 
knowing what I was about, I turned left into a long, 
curving pew and sat down. I ran my chilled hand slowly 
over the surface of the pew, feeling for a grain but unable 
to find one through all the coats of varnish and polish. A 
sudden exhaustion came over me and I leaned forward, 
propping my head uncomfortably against my enfolded 
hands on the pew in front of me.
"The church was quiet except for the rustling of the 
woman in the confessional and the humming of a frayed 
outlet somewhere in the back of the alter. Then to my 
surprise, a procession of men and women suddenly 
emerged from the door behind and to the right of the 
alter. At the head of the procession was Jackie! A 
gossamer veil covered her face, and I could see her 
searching eyes cut through the dim light of the church 
and finally settle on me. Those eyes were blankQcoldQ
and I could read nothing into them I no! I didn't want to 
read anything into them. Her left hand held a prayer book 
and her right hand rested genteelly atop the raised arm of 
a male companion dressed in a wrinkled, dark suit. The 
companion was a pale-faced Fritz and he was smiling his 
Jack Nicolson leer at me.
"Jackie lifted the veil above her face and let it fall on top 
of her long, blond hair. Pulling her right hand away from 
Fritz' raised, bent arm, she opened the book she was 
holding and let the index finger of her right hand rest on 
the exposed page, as if directing my attention there. But I 
could not take my eyes off her face. She looked just as I 
remembered seeing her when we last walked together in 
Ross so long ago. Then, what I least expected happened. 
Never deflecting her eyes from my own, she spoke. 'You 
are cursed from the world, from the earth that has given 
birth to humankind.' Her words echoed in my ears, each 
word a tennis volley, bouncing repeatedly against the 
tight tympanum of my middle ear. 'You are cursed for 
having spilt the soul of your flesh into a silent abyss. 
Seeds you scatter unto the ground remain infertile and 
bear you no knowledge or understanding. A thief and a 
vagrant shall you remain and the secrets of your birth are 
hidden forever from you.'
"I jumped to my feet and ran into the aisle, imploring her 
to forgive me, to bring back all that had passed from us. 
While I supplicated with her to give meQusQ a second 
chance, a dark presence was welling up inside and behind 
me, pressing the nerves in my spinal chord tightly against 
the vertebrae that sheltered them. My body became numb 
from the pressure and I felt an intense panic rush out to 
my tingling extremities. Then it was over and the 
apparition was gone I Jackie, Fritz, their entire 
entourage. In the confused silence that followed, a hand 
descended onto my shoulder from behind.
Confession
"I looked up, startled, from where I was kneeling in the 
aisle. I shook my head to clear it of the flashes of white 
light still exploding behind my retina. Stooping over me 
was the bicycle-riding, gray-haired priest, his ancient 
hand resting lightly on my shoulder. He rustled his 
garments around to the front of me and stared at my sad 
condition for several seconds. 'Can I hear your 
confession, my son?' he asked me in a husky voice. My 
eyes were still out of focus from the war of light in my 
head and I had trouble seeing the priest's features. The 
sun was setting outside and the light filtering through the 
stained glass was withering in intensity, leaving the 
interior of the church much dimmer than before. 
Straining, I made out the hardened muzzle of a man who 
wasn't surprised by anything that happened in his church 
since he'd already seen it all. His wrinkled, jaundiced 
appearance marked him as a three-pack-a-day smoker 
and his gruff, raspy voice confirmed it 'You seem upset,' 
he coughed at me, then, 'Confession will make you feel 
better.'
" 'No, but thank you, father. Confession can't help me. 
I've waited too long and the burden I carry can't be 
shared.' I got up, intending to leave the church and return 
to Daryl at the cruiser. But the old priest grabbed my arm 
and led me toward the corner of the building where the 
confessionals were.
" 'I have the time, my son, and I think you should take the 
time,' he said midway there. I started to resist, to make 
excuses in my head, but then, for a reason I still don't 
understand, I decided to go along with this old man of the 
church. I walked the remaining distance to the 
confessional under my own power, the priest still holding 
onto my arm as though he feared I might bolt and he 
would never hear my words. The clergyman pulled the 
pleated drape back for me and motioned me inside the 
small cubicle with a sweep of his arm. I let the hanging 
drape fall back into place behind me and sat down on the 
small bench that was nailed into the 'V' formed by two 
adjoining walls. Directly opposite, on the partition in 
front of me, about shoulder height, was a square piece of 
wood. It began sliding roughly to the right side, revealing 
a 6-inch square of finely meshed wire grate. The priest's 
gruff voice labored through it. 'I'm listening, my son.'
"Taking a deep breath, I began, 'Forgive me, Father, for I 
have sinned. I have done things that have troubled my 
conscience for years. I have done them knowingly and 
repeatedly. I have given up my humanity in the process 
and am tormented by thoughts and deeds of evil. I fear 
for my soul, Father.
" 'God is great and God is merciful, my son,' came the 
hacking, labored response from the other side of the 
meshed wire grate. 'Cast aside your fears and tell God 
what you've done, then ask him for forgiveness.'
" 'Traffic tickets,' Father. 'Thousands of them. I've issued 
no fewer than five of them a day for countless years. And 
no violation has ever been too smallQI've cited them all: 
speeding, illegal parking, driving under the influence, 
changing lanes without signalling, seat belts only 
partially fastened. Old and young alike. And, God forgive 
me, I've singled out helpless bicycles and mopeds to prey 
upon. And, oh Father, the worst I haven't confessed, yet 
I I gave my sister, my own flesh and blood, a speeding 
ticket. She's in a sanatorium now, the result of my evil 
behavior.'
"The priest spun out of his cubicle, reached a hand into 
my confessional and pulled me through the drapes to 
confront him in the church proper. 'Is this some kind of a 
game?' he asked me. 'Because if it is, it's in poor taste. 
This is the house of the Lord, not a sporting arena, and I 
cannot tolerate such sacrilege here. I would attribute your 
blasphemy to youthful exuberance if you were younger, 
but your face shows the true lines of your age. You 
should be beyond the time when mocking an old priest is 
humorous for you.' He scowled at me while he covered 
his mouth with one hand and hacked his indignation.
I looked him directly in the eye and said, 'It's the truth, 
Father, all of it,' and slowly moved forward towards him. 
His defiant stand held, but only for a moment. A shadow 
of panic crossed his rough face, and he stumbled 
backwards, away from me, and fell to the ground. 'If you 
cannot hear my confession, then there is no hope for me 
and I am, indeed, damned!' I shouted into the deserted 
church and stood, towering angrily over the priest. 'If 
there is a God and he is as merciful as you claim, then 
why does he allow me to exist like this?' I looked down at 
the cowering priest and his evident hatred for what I was 
inflamed me all the more.
"'Be gone, you devil!' he sputtered and made the sign of 
the holy cross.
"I moved closer and he crawled away from me, along the 
front aisle toward the alter. When he reached the 
Communion rail, I moved to his side faster than his eyes 
could follow, and, reaching into my side pocket, pulled 
out my black book and filled out the top sheet of blank 
paper, then let it fall into his upturned lap.
" 'What is this?' the terrified priest cried out. 'If it is an 
incantation of the devil, I will not look at it nor speak its 
words.'
" 'No,' I responded, 'it is not a spell of the Devil. It's a 
ticket for illegally parking your Schwinn in front of the 
church.' And I ran from the building.
Bodega Bay
The RADAR Ranger paused in his narration and a 
troubled look took hold of his features. The mountain 
biker waited patiently until the ranger was ready to 
continue.
"When I at last found Daryl, I did not tell him about my 
experiences in the church. He was still bubbling over 
with excitement from issuing his first citation in this, his 
self-proclaimed land of RADAR, and I did not want to 
diminish that. He was sure now that we would soon learn 
of our origins. But, of course, there was more to it than 
that: he wanted a real communion with other RADAR 
Rangers. I believe his exact words were 'our kind' and he 
said the words with an emphasis that I could not 
duplicate or feel. His need for this communion only 
pointed out the wide gulf that had been opening up 
between us. During his early years as a RADAR Ranger, 
I had looked upon him as Fritz' equal, what with his 
insatiable craving for bringing down law breakers and his 
infallible belief that he was using technology for the 
greater good of society. At the same time, he also 
displayed the same human desires for knowledge and 
understanding that I did. Now I saw that he was far less 
human than either Fritz or myself. There wasn't an ounce 
of compassion in him.
"If he really was so different from you,"the cyclist asked, 
"why did he bring you along with him? What did he need 
from you?"
"That troubled me the most. Why, indeed, did he stay so 
close to me? Because I was the closest thing he had to his 
'own kind.' When he found his RADAR Rangers, I feared 
that I would have no place among them and that there 
would be no reason for him to champion me. I would be 
an outcast."
"Couldn't you have instructed him in matters of the heart 
just as you had educated him about the material world?" 
the mountain biker probed.
"Why?" rejoined the RADAR Ranger candidly. "I could 
not bear to see him suffer in these matters as I suffered. 
Besides, I had lost all confidence in myself, in my ability 
to do anything. I was not a man of action." The ranger 
paused and looked at the mountain biker as if expecting a 
question, but the mountain biker did not pick up where 
the RADAR Ranger left off. He simply sat at the table 
and waited for the story to continue.
A moment of awkward silence passed before the ranger 
began speaking, his eyes no longer on the cyclist. "We 
continued driving north on Highway 1 along the Sonoma 
coast, leaving Tomales behind us. But the images of 
Jackie, Fritz, and the old priest tore at me. I had seen 
Jackie and Fritz as surely as I had seen the gray-haired 
priest. Each was distinct and separate, finite entities I 
could keep apart in my mind. But what if I couldn't 
distinguish among them, among the real and the 
imagined? Who would show me the way? God? The 
Devil? Then I thought of the priest again and realized that 
I could not ask favors of God. The Devil, then, was my 
salvation. How I longed to confront his horrible 
countenance, to choose and end this torment that divided 
me."
The RADAR Ranger sighed. He looked at the mountain 
biker, who had just lowered his chin onto his upturned 
left hand, his elbow planted firmly, but at a slight angle, 
on the table. The older man continued his tale without 
addressing the cyclist directly. "The further north we 
went, the more we realized that the coast was not as we 
had imagined. Whereas Marin county had been besieged 
by cars, the roads here were nearly empty. All that 
crossed our path was a trickle of local trafficQa few 
delivery trucks, two John Deere tractors, a '46 Willy's 
jeep, a beggar pushing a Lucky's grocery cart loaded with 
plastic bags and empty aluminum soda pop cans. 'Must 
be an off-season for tourists,' speculated Daryl. I said 
nothing.
"Dillon Beach, Fallon, Valley Ford I it was the same in 
all the towns we passed through. Bodega Bay was the last 
town on our hurriedly prepared itinerary, and we pulled 
into it at dusk, looking for a secluded place to park. 
Fifteen minutes of driving to canvas the small fishing 
village for out-of-the-way, off-road parking where the 
locals wouldn't eye us suspiciously revealed nothing. On 
the second pass through the harbor town, a narrow spit of 
land overgrown with a tangle of thorny blueberry bushes 
beckoned to us. Faint double tracks, hidden by years' of 
wild grass cycling through life and death on it, led to the 
back of the parcel where a weathered madrone tree 
sulked alone in a forgotten, uncared-for bog.
"Daryl eased the cruiser slowly over the ancient double 
track and around the thorny vines into the back of the 
swampy land. He parked the Mustang under the 
camouflage of the madrone's lichen-covered branches, 
leaving just enough space for me to squirm out of the 
passenger side before the parcel's eastern-most boundary, 
a sandstone wall, blocked the movement of the car door. 
Sleep hadn't yet overtaken us and we decided to explore 
the small marina that lay around the next bend in the 
road. We trudged through the muck of our hiding place to 
the road, thunked our boots on the pavement to dislodge 
the dark gunk that had grabbed hold, and turned into the 
last rays of the sun to see what the evening would show 
Peggy's Place
"A dozen or more fishing boats, only dark shadows now 
on the waveless waters, watched our approach. Along the 
paved edge of the marina were three buildings. Light 
leapt out at us from one of them and we could see people 
inside. A crowd of people. We headed in the building's 
direction, hoping to overhear some local gossip, maybe 
even learning something of RADAR Rangers.
"An unlit, hand-painted, plywood sign over the main 
entrance announced to all comers that this was Peggy's: 
Fresh Seafood 365 Days. Close enough now to be 
spotlighted in the yellow light that escaped into the 
evening, we could see through the wood-framed, multi-
paned front door that Peggy's was more than just busy, it 
was overrun with bobbing heads and waving arms. We 
walked in and the place fell silent I but only for a 
second. From the back of the large room, a high-pitched 
woman's voice announced, 'That's him, that's the one!' 
and pointed in our general direction.
" 'Which one, Mary Sue?' another voice, this time from 
the middle of the room, cut in. 'There's two of them.'
" 'Why, Frank, you know; it's the one with the curly, red 
hair.'"
"Neither Daryl nor I had red hair. To prove it, we both 
reached up and pulled our patrol caps off in burlesque 
unison. A collective sigh rose to the open-beamed ceiling 
and one of the crowd closest to the door immediately 
advanced towards us. 'Where's your partner?' he asked 
nervously. Surprised, but with obvious relief when we 
answered that we didn't have a partner (anymore), he 
pulled us over to a table with a stained, blue checkered 
table cloth and four half-empty coffee cups. Opened 
packets of sugar and cream surrounded the cups. 
Motioning the table's current occupants away with a 
tense, jerky wave of his arm, we sat in the still warm 
chairs of three of the four, willing leave-takers.
"All eyes were on us as the emotionally haggard man 
launched into his monologue. 'He's crazy I you've got to 
get this officer of yours under control. He won't let me 
alone. He won't let any of the people around here alone,' 
he said swinging his arm over his head with an invisible 
lasso to indicate the crowd in Peggy's. 'I've got to get 
back to the Bay Area, but I can't get more than a mile or 
two down the road when he pulls up behind me with his 
flashing red and blues and cites me for a traffic violation 
of one sort or another. I thought it was a joke at first, but, 
believe me, it's not. He doesn't ever say a word, doesn't 
even look me in the eye, just writes out the citation and 
drops it in my lap. Then he's gone.'
" 'It's us, too, that he's after,' added one of the locals who 
was standing between us and a turnstile rack of picture 
postcards. 'Hasn't always been this bad, but we've all paid 
him our dues. Doesn't stop him, though. No limit to the 
number of tickets you can get.'
" 'What about the local authorities? interrupted Daryl. 
'Have you contacted them?'
" 'Oh, sure,' came the reply. 'It's the first thing we did, but 
the authorities haven't been able to do anything. In fact, 
they're as much at his mercy as the rest of us. It's not 
natural, what's been going on around here.'
"A hand-lettered sign taped to the glass front of the 
cashier's counter pointed to a section in the back of the 
restaurant with a big, bold arrow. Underneath the arrow, 
in small letters, was the word 'SMOKING.' Nerves were 
close to the precipice at Peggy's and four, big-bladed fans 
overhead the non-smoking sections, each churning 
pungent smoke into thick clouds, showed how far their 
lack of respect for civil code had deteriorated that night. 
'Surely, there must be something you can do to help me,' 
pleaded our table companion. The swirling cloud around 
our heads couldn't hide the distress in his pursed lips and 
red, irritated eyes. 'Please, bring some sanity to this 
cursed place before I lose my mind.' His shoulders 
heaved a sigh and he was quiet.
"Daryl listened eagerly, but with an outwardly solemn 
face, to the accounts he heard from Peggy's customers. 
His eyebrows would raise at the mention of certain 
phrases I 'K-15 on the side of it I never saw the patrol 
car come up behind me I wrote the ticket in a blurred 
flurry I couldn't get a date scheduled in traffic court I' 
When he thought no one was looking at us or the 
cigarette smoke was thick enough, he would curl up one 
corner of his mouth and let the other drop with a slight 
nod of his head in an expression of 'Aha! We're on the 
right track.' For my part, I kept quiet, the split that 
divided meQmy concern for the people's suffering on 
one hand and my contained excitement at locating 
another RADAR Ranger on the otherQstirring up my 
thoughts into an inexpressible jumble.
"We took our leave of the restaurant well past midnight 
as did most of the others and walked back to our hiding 
spot amid the blueberry bushes. We observed that the 
townspeople, too, had chosen to go by foot, in an obvious 
attempt to thwart the ranger. The night air was cold and 
jets of warm mist shot from Daryl's nostrils, punctuating 
decisions he was making in his mind and the outcomes of 
actions he was imagining. Had I not been there, he would 
have continued the search that very night.
" 'We'll work Highway 1 between here and Shell Beach 
tonight,' he said as we stepped off the edge of the 
pavement onto the double-track that led to our Mustang. 
'He's bound to spot our cruiser and come out to meet us. I 
wouldn't be surprised if he takes us to the others before 
day break.'
"Daryl was talking with animated hand and arm gestures, 
coming close to hitting me aside the head several times as 
we worked our way around the wild bushes to the 
Mustang. I wasn't as confident as DarylQthe 
townspeople's descriptions of their lone ranger painted a 
picture in my mind of a character whose nature was 
extreme, indeed. More extreme than either Fritz or 
Daryl's. 'Could it be,' I wondered, 'if Fritz and Daryl are 
imperfect RADAR Rangers I I had no doubt about my 
own inadequacies I with weak, indecisive natures? The 
contrast then between the two of us and what we might 
find along the Sonoma coast chilled my flesh beyond 
what the night air had already accomplished.
" 'I don't think it's a wise decision to search at night,' I 
said and ducked under an arm that tipped my hat 
awkwardly to one side. Stepping to my right and then out 
and in front of him, I continued. 'Hold on a second. We 
don't know what we're up against; it might be a RADAR 
Ranger and it might not be. And if there, indeed, are 
more than one of them and they're not RADAR Rangers, 
we could find ourselves in trouble. I say let's wait for 
daylight and, at least, see what we're up against.'
"Daryl stood his ground in what I had believed up to this 
evening to be typical RADAR Ranger obstinacy. 
'Gordon, it doesn't matter when you take action, only that 
you do take action. The sooner we take ours, the sooner 
we find out about ourselves, about our origins.' And he 
quit talking almost as soon as he had begun, a bulldogged 
visage above two intertwined arms glaring at me.
" 'You do what you have to,' I replied, 'but I'm staying 
here until morning. I'm not a creature of the night. I'll 
sleep under the madrone,' and I walked off to the ancient 
tree, both amazed and pleased at the action I had taken. I 
had eased my body down to the wet ground cover and 
leaned my back in between two counter twists in the 
tree's uneven trunk when Daryl approached. He stood 
over me with muddy boots spread wide, elbows bent at 
right angles to his waist, both rounded fists planted firmly 
on his hip bones. 'You win, Gordon,' he conceded, his 
words flying contrarily in the face of the stance he had 
taken. To give support to those words, he changed his 
physical attitude and extended his left hand to my right 
and pulled me effortlessly to my feet. We slept 'til 
daybreak in the Mustang's trunk and I wondered what 
had caused Daryl's sudden change of mind."
Highway 1
"Two anxious hands shook me roughly awake to see the 
first yellow streaks of daylight painting the interior of the 
Mustang's cab. I had slept the deep sleep of the dead in 
our fuel-injected coffin and had returned to 
consciousness without a recollection of who or what I 
was. No name. No history. No memories.
" 'Gordon I Gordon!' a familiar voice was shouting at 
me while the hands continued to rock me first in one 
direction then in the other. 'Gordon, let's go.'
" 'Gordon? Gordon? Ahhh I my name was Gordon and 
the voice belonged to a RADAR Ranger named Daryl. 
Vague, swirling images of Peggy's Place began sifting 
down from the rafters in my head. In the images, I saw 
confused, frightened people gesturing animatedly with 
their bodies about somebody or something. Another 
RADAR Ranger? Were there more than two of us in the 
world then? The Sonoma coast I the birthplace of our 
kind? Now I remembered what it was that Daryl and I 
were to do today and why the hands and voice were each 
so anxious.
" 'I'm awake,' I announced. 'We can go whenever you 
want.' Daryl had already leaped into the driver's seat and 
gunned the engine to life on the first turn of the ignition 
key. The car was pulling off the double-track onto the 
narrow paved road that led around the marina when I 
crawled over the front seat and took my shotgun position 
next to Daryl. My eyes still weren't completely freed of 
sleep and I could just make out Peggy's Place among the 
waterfront buildings. A sign sitting in the corner of the 
front window, not far from our table of last night, had a 
word painted on it whose pattern might have spelled 
'Closed.' I rubbed my swollen eyes with the palms of my 
hands briefly, and when I looked up, Peggy's Place had 
retreated behind us and a short, steep hill faced us. At the 
top of the rise, where Peggy's road met an empty 
Highway 1, we turned left and headed north up the coast.
"Between Bodega Bay and the next town of any size, 
Jenner, we pulled into all the public beaches and hamlets, 
not bypassing a single inhabited bend in the road. Arched 
Rock, School House, Portuguese Beach, Gleason, 
Duncan Point I none of these offered us any clues. 
Neither did Duncan's Landing, Wrights Beach, Goat 
Rock, or Jenner. By early evening, we calculated that we 
had thirty minutes of daylight left, enough time to drive 
twelve miles further north to Fort Ross.
"We meandered in a roller-coaster pattern of steep ups 
and downs through the coastal hills that were kept a lush 
green by moderate winter temperatures and rains. Daryl's 
face was becoming progressively flushed with color and 
his body movements quicker and more animated as we 
snaked around each bend, lessening the distance that 
remained between us and Fort Ross. About 5 miles from 
our destination, Daryl gestured at the rich vegetation 
clinging to the cliff edge that overlooked the pounding 
surf of the Pacific Ocean and exclaimed, 'Can there be 
any doubt that this is the place of our origin, Gordon! 
Only a land so fecund with life and raw, untamed energy 
could have given birth to individuals as superior as 
ourselves.'
"Before I knew what he was doing, he had pulled the 
Mustang to the side of the road, flung his door wide, and 
bolted down to where a thick stand of vegetation was 
growing along the cliff's edge. He fell to both knees and 
dug his hands into the surrounding loose soil, bringing 
two full handfuls up over his head. He held his 
outstretched arms high, laughing hysterically and let the 
dark, moist particles trickle through his spread fingers 
onto his head and shoulders. He repeated this ritual 
several times until the dirt on his cap and shoulders was 
quite thick. For my part, I remained in the car, staring at 
the spectacle in amazement. Except for a few scuffles 
with Fritz, I had never seen Daryl express himself with 
such verve and passion. The display bordered on human 
emotion, although I never said this to Daryl.
Fort Ross
"During this unexpected roadside scene, the sun's 
growing disc had retreated closer to the water's far edge 
and the sky above had darkened. By the time my grinning 
companion stood and returned to the car to resume our 
journey, he was compelled to switch on our headlights, 
the tunnel of night had closed in upon us so quickly. Fort 
Ross had been blanketed by that same tunnel for some 
minutes when we finally arrived.
" 'Where do we begin?' I broke our self-imposed silence 
in the car. Beyond the reflective city limit sign 
announcing our entrance into Fort Ross, our headlights 
revealed nothing to distinguish the invisible boundary 
from the terrain we had just driven through. Small copses 
of trees, scattered shrubs and plants, rolling hills, ocean. 
No country stores, shops, or gas stations to proclaim a 
town. No lights anywhere, in fact. Daryl slowed the 
Mustang and we moved forward at a night worm's pace. 
Burning either side of the rode with it's industrial strength 
halogen bulb, I guided our hand-held spotlight slowly 
over the dark shapes that had taken form in the dark. 
Most danced and wiggled as the light played at their 
peripheries, but solidified into rocks and logs when it was 
full upon them.
" 'Over there,' Daryl indicated with the index finger of his 
left hand, the remaining digits grasping tightly at the 10 
o'clock position on the steering wheel. I turned the spot 
across the top of the car's hood. The light played 
momentarily in empty space, then caught the rough-hewn 
turret of a structure fifty yards up on the ocean side of the 
road, about 1/4-mile inland. Judging by the building's 
shape, it looked like part of a fortress.
"We cut through the blackness of Highway 1 and glided 
to a stop in front of a gravel driveway. Daryl had 
extinguished the Mustang's headlights, so I panned the 
spotlight slowly through the cleared, level space that 
opened up from the driveway. The area was cut into an 
irregular rectangle, narrow at the entrance and wider at 
the opposite, far end. Daryl swung the car into the 
driveway, and I adjusted the direction of the beam to hold 
it steady on the only two objects in the parking lot: two 
cars, one a patrol cruiser, the other a compact with an 
empty bike rack strapped to its hatchback.
" 'What do you make of it?' I asked Daryl nervously.
"He tossed a quick glance over his right shoulder in my 
direction and molded a grin with his lips as if to say 'you 
know as well as I do,' then returned his gaze to the front 
of the car, his eyes scanning carefully in a wide arc as we 
approached the two parked cars. At the end of the lot, he 
eased our Mustang into a space two car widths to the 
right of the other cruiser. I had turned off the spotlight at 
his command and we sat in the car in complete darkness. 
The night was still; not a living thing moved or made a 
sound. We were aware only of the wind and the distant 
sound of waves breaking onto a unseen beach.
"Anxious to meet this RADAR Ranger whose car we had 
parked next to, Daryl opened his door and stepped out. I 
hesitated under the interior light that automatically 
flashed on, but Daryl immediately reached in and 
switched it off. " 'Get out of the car and let's go,' he said 
in a firm voice.
" 'Do you feel it?' I asked him without moving. 'I think he 
knows we're here.' And I remained in the protective shell 
of the Mustang. A nervous, instinctive shudder jerked my 
arms closer to my ribs, my limbic system pretending that 
two skinny sticks could protect my vulnerable heart from 
imagined dangers. Daryl moved slightly away from the 
car and again commanded in that confident voice, 
'Gordon, follow me.' He took another step away and 
threatened to be swallowed alive by the blackness. I was 
out of the car and standing next to him in a moment, my 
heart saved, but beating savagely against the wall of my 
chest cavity.
" 'Be still, Gordon, and stay close to me.' I stumbled after 
him through the thick blackness, trusting him completely. 
My body was trembling so badly, I lost my balance 
several times, stepping onto small stones and mounds of 
dirt, pushed to the surface to trip me up by burrowing 
creatures of the night. More than once I prevented myself 
from sprawling to the ground by leaning heavily onto 
Daryl, from whose shoulder I never withdrew my left 
hand. 'Fear's your worst enemy,' he said, standing still 
while I righted myself.
" 'But don't you sense it?' I muttered. 'I can almost smell 
it in the air. Something's out there.'
" 'Yes, I can feel it, too. It's very strong and it's leading us 
to our destiny, Gordon. The feeling you have is why 
we've come here, it's the reason for our being.' It seemed 
like an eternity before he started to move ahead again, 
and when he did, he disappeared from my grasp so 
quickly that I could all but attribute it to a preternatural 
force. I took a blind step forward, groping the emptiness 
in front of me for the security of his shoulder. But all I 
felt was the rush of air against the open palm of my 
thrashing hand. I suddenly felt naked and cold and very 
alone.
"Before I had time to dwell on the significance of my 
isolation, a soft voice came to me from ahead. 'Gordon,' it 
said, 'come over here and shine the light on this placard. I 
can't make out what it says.' My right hand felt the 
weight of the almost forgotten spotlight I had been 
carrying since I stumbled out of the Mustang, and I 
moved forward towards the voice in the darkness with a 
renewed surge of confidence. After a few steps, I saw 
Daryl's figure silhouetted against the darker background. 
He was standing next to a sign affixed to a thick, upright 
post. 'Mask the light as best you can,' he whispered when 
I was  at his side, 'and shine it here on the sign.' I spread 
the fingers of my left hand over the clear, plastic plate 
that protected the halogen bulb underneath, then pushed 
down with my right thumb on the rubber button that 
turned the beam on.
"Shafts of uneven light spread across the sign upon 
whose worn face a message had been carved. 'Fort Ross 
State Historic Park' the top line read. Below it, 
'Constructed in 1812 by Russians under Ivan A. Kuskov. 
At one time, the Fort was home to over three hundred 
Russians, Aleuts, and California Indians. The primary 
industry was otter and seal hunting. Once the sea-otter 
crop played out in 1841, the Russians sold their buildings 
and goods to John A. Sutter for $32,000 and returned to 
Russia.' The bottom lines proclaimed, 'Open daily 10 
a.m. to 4 p.m. except Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New 
Year's.'
Fortress Chapel
" 'I remember this place,' I blurted out. 'My parents 
brought Jackie and me here once when we were kids. The 
building over there was the Russian Commandant's house 
and the one there the chapel.'" Turning to face the 
mountain biker in Sky Oaks, "Jackie and I had a ball 
playing in the old buildingsQI scared her silly hiding 
behind doorways then jumping out, shouting like the 
boogey-man when she came looking for me. I think the 
whole place closed around the same time the Presidio in 
San Francisco was shut down.
"My thoughts of Jackie and I as carefree children playing 
among the buildings in the compound were happy ones, 
but they lasted only for a moment. The more recent 
image of Jackie's apparition in the Tomales church 
clawed its way out of the black of my mind and crowded 
out those lighthearted times.
" 'Stay close and be on guard,' Daryl's voice trailed off as 
he turned from the sign and walked through the 
compound's open entrance towards the outline of the 
chapel. I broke out of my gruesome reverie and fled after 
his departing form. The chapel, like the other buildings in 
the eight-sided, walled compound, was a solid structure, 
made out of large-diameter redwood logs stacked on top 
of one another and secured at the corners with deep-cut 
notches. Daryl stayed close to the irregularly shaped 
walls as he moved in the direction of the building's front 
entry. 'If he's here now,' he leaned his head back and 
whispered over his shoulder, 'I don't want to startle him. I 
want him to know as quickly as possible that we mean no 
harm, that we're friends. That we're RADAR Rangers, 
too.' The excitement in his hushed voice failed to calm 
the apprehension that shared me with the night.
"We entered the chapel slowly and cautiously, Daryl first 
then me. The interior was too dark to discern any features 
and Daryl instructed me to switch on the spotlight, using 
my fingers to mask the beam as I had done before. The 
panels of wavering rays showed a building neglected for 
years, but not wanting for visitors: footprints of all shapes 
and sizes had stamped their patterned soles on the dusty 
floor. The most sought-after destinations within the 
chapel had the most pronounced paths leading to them 
through the dust, and we followed the first of these trails. 
It led to the front of the building where the altar with its 
orthodox trappings had once kept vigil, but were not to 
be seen now. From there, a parting of the dust led to a 
nearby side door whose heavy, dark hinges and plain 
paneling left me feeling uneasy. I was thankful when 
Daryl decided not to explore this option, but instead 
carefully followed his steps back along the path that led 
from the altar to the front entrance, neatly bisecting the 
chapel into mirror images. From his vantage point, he 
surveyed the interior again, then elected to retrace our 
steps to the altar where he looked at each corner of the 
chapel for some moments before moving to the side door 
that had, only moments before, disturbed me and 
continued to do so still.
"Daryl pulled on the pitted iron latch that hung two-thirds 
of the way down and to one side of the sinister door. It 
opened with a grating cough on dry hinges. On the other 
side of the entrance, the single track continued up a 
steeply spiraling staircase that led to a small room at the 
top of the lofty turret. Daryl grasped the bottom of the 
cold railing, polished smooth over many years with the 
sweaty oil from countless hands, and began to climb up. I 
followed his fresh footsteps, noticing that another equally 
fresh pair of prints accompanied us to the summit of the 
stairs.
"The circular room at the top was small and empty, but 
provided an adequate space for two grown men. Four 
broken windows looked out from the walls to the points 
of the compass; well worn, but dusty, depressions 
lingered in the floor before three of these windows. In 
front of the westerly facing fourth window was a 
matching depression, but in this dust clearing a set of 
fresh prints took center stage. The shoes that created 
these prints had been standing at the window only a few 
hours before, the gathering dust not yet having had time 
to blur their outlines. Like the ironed creases on a pair of 
new dress slacks, the tracks were very distinct, and it was 
clear that their owner had stood motionless in the same 
spot, observing something or someone outside with great 
intensity.
"Daryl was as still as the broken panes of glass through 
which the earlier visitor and now he were peering. He 
had focused all his RADAR Ranger energies on listening. 
And then I was listening with him. Faintly at first, just 
sounding above the crash of water on sand and wind over 
uneven surfaces, a distant vibration traveled to us. It 
carried with it a distinct rhythmic pattern. As it grew 
louder and more persistent, Daryl bent his torso at the 
hips, automatically leaning his head and shoulders closer 
to the window. His eyes narrowed and he raised his right 
hand, pointing his index finger at a vague and unusual 
shape moving quickly down the path from the bluffs 
towards the compound. The figure ran as if driven by a 
great fear, and the separation between the rhythmic 
sounds of his shoes striking the ground and the actual 
sight of that movement lessened rapidly. When the two 
sensations of sight and sound became one for the figure, I 
saw why it had, at first, appeared so unusual: the figure 
was really two, a man pushing a bicycle at his side.
Cyclist
"Daryl moved so suddenly that I became aware of his 
absence at my side only after seeing his right heel kick 
into the air above the first of the descending steps, his left 
foot already touching the fourth rung down. I followed at 
a more cautious pace and caught up with him outside the 
compound's walls where the bluff trail forked together 
with the path leading to the parking area. He was holding, 
at arms length, the shoulders of the figure we had been 
watching. A silver bicycle was lying at their feet along 
the side of the trail. The struggling figure was no match 
for Daryl's RADAR Ranger strength and he soon ceased 
pummeling at the air that separated him from Daryl.
" 'Your partner's already done his thing and now I want 
out of here. Let go!' cried a young man in his early to 
mid-twenties. His day-glo ATB red Gore-Tex (TM) 
cycling jacket was open at the neck, exposing a multi-
colored CoolMax (TM) poser training jersey underneath. 
Supplex (TM) Panel Superwash (TM) wool tights were 
ripped at the knees and only the left hand was covered 
with a Fast Track (TM) Ragg wool glove.
" 'Calm down,' ordered a stern-faced Daryl. 'What are 
you talking about?'
"The youth paused for a second, trying to catch his wind, 
then spoke a stream of words. 'That partner of yours is a 
crazy dude. I was riding on this single trackQit's legal, 
see there's no sign here saying not to do itQwhen about 
two miles out I hear this bellowing voice call out, 'Stop, 
you're under arrest, Walt, for breaking the law.' How'd he 
know my name, anyway? I've never seen him before. 
Well, I figure the guy's a looney and there'd be no way to 
reason with him, so I keep on riding. But he just keeps on 
running, yelling at me to stop all the time because I'm a 
speeder andQnow dig thisQ'not a man of action!' But 
my legs can't pedal fast enough and this guy is gaining on 
me like I was parked in front of MacDonalds, sipping a 
Diet Coke and munching on a large order of fries. The 
next thing I know, he's got hold of my seat and is lifting 
my rear wheel off the ground with one hand. I know it 
was one hand because he had a RADAR gun in the other, 
a thin cord connecting it to a battery pack strapped to his 
belt. I saw then that this is not the type of person I want 
to upset more than I have to, so I stop pedallingQa lot of 
good it was doing me, anywayQand I ask what the 
trouble is. He tells me I've broken the speed limit and 
shows me the RADAR gun. It shows 22 mph, which he 
says is 17 mph above the legal 5 mph limit for fire roads. 
Then I explain to him that I'm riding on a narrow single 
track and couldn't have gone that fast, but he counters 
that the speed he's showing me is my speed back in the 
parking lotQwhich he says fits the description of a fire 
road. Next he cites me for riding on a single track and 
says I should have known better after I pointed out the 
absence of posted signs prohibiting it.'
" 'Don't get me wrong,' pausing only long enough to 
catch his breath, 'I'll take the tickets if I deserve them 
because I know I can defend myself in traffic courtQ
innocent until proven guilty and all thatQbut that's not 
what worried me. This guy is acting really weird, just 
answering my questions with the fewest possible words, 
never looking me in the eye, writing all this stuff in his 
little black book without ever looking down, hardly 
moving anything but the wrist of his writing hand. 
Spooky. Ok, I take the tickets and start heading back and 
get to within 1/2 mile of here when he's after me again. 
This time he's shouting that I'm under arrest because I 
haven't got my helmet on. He's right, I don't but that law's 
just for motorcycles, right? So here I am and I know he's 
not too far behind and you gotta' let me go now before I 
go crazy, too, which I'll do if he catches me.'
"During this long-winded monologue, the expression on 
Daryl's face had metamorphosed from strong confidence 
to questioning doubt to serious concern. With the passage 
of each of these emotions, his grip on the youth 
slackened and eventually the young man was free of his 
lawful RADAR Ranger embrace. 'Thanks a lot,' the youth 
said, 'I'm gone and I'll never come back to bother you 
guys again.' He wheeled around and sprinted for his car.
"But before he could get too far, Daryl was on the young 
man, handing him a page from his own black book. 
'What's this?' the incredulous youth cried into the night 
air, his head thrown back and his mouth hanging open in 
disbelief.
" 'Sorry, son, but you were riding without a legal light.' 
Once a RADAR Ranger, always a RADAR Ranger. 
Besides, we still had our daily quotas to fulfill.
"The youth stuffed the ticket into an unzippered pocket of 
his Supplex (TM) Panel Superwash (TM) wool tights 
without blinking an eye and resumed sprinting to his 
parked vehicle 
" 'Wait a minute,' I shouted after him. 'Don't forget your 
bicycle.'
"He looked back at me, half way between where I stood 
with Daryl on the narrow trail and his car in the graveled 
parking area, and hollered, 'Keep it. No more mountain 
biking for me. I'm going into ocean kayaking.' And then, 
'You guys don't swim, do you?'
The mountain biker, feeling somewhat uneasy in the dim 
lights of Sky Oaks, asked, "Do you remember what kind 
of a bike it was?"
The RADAR Ranger hesitated for several moments 
before he answered, then said, "Could it have been a 
Cunningham? C-U-N-N-I-N-G-H-A-M was spelled out 
in black letters across the top tube."
"Uh-huh," whistled the mountain biker in awe. "The 
legendary mountain bike, a collector's item I one hasn't 
been made in years. And those that have them, keep them 
locked up in back rooms" And he suddenly realized the 
seriousness of what he was hearing.
The Other Ranger
The RADAR Ranger slowly got up from his chair at the 
oak table and stepped over to the wood-framed window. 
He stared into the darkness a long time, taking an audibly 
deep breath every 10 to 15 seconds, letting out the air 
with a troubled, low-pitched rush through pursed lips. 
"This was not something Daryl had been expecting, and 
it caught him off guard. But more was to come. We both 
heard it at the same time, the synchronized huffing and 
puffing reinforcing the sound of approaching footfalls. I 
could see Daryl's shoulders straighten noticeably and the 
short hairs on the top of his hands bristle. We were about 
to confront another RADAR Ranger.
"Jogging down the same single track we were standing 
on was a large, dark outline of a man in the uniform of a 
RADAR Ranger. As he came closer to us, I noticed few 
signs of exhaustion, although I knew he had been running 
many miles over an uneven terrain in the dark. The 
huffing and puffing I heard was more his way of counting 
cadence than a sign of fatigue. In his right hand he held a 
K-15 RADAR gun and I could just make out the cable 
connecting it to the leather-encased battery pack strapped 
to his side just as the cyclist had described. When he 
reached us, he came to a halt and turned his eyes to both 
Daryl and myself, each in turn, then at the silver bike 
lying at our feet.
" 'You've brought down the law breaker?' he said in 
monotone syllables. His eyes were as flat as his voice and 
I felt something vital was missing, that he lacked 
substance. He came across as an incompletely defined 
movie character, a two-dimensional, celluloid man.
"Daryl was obviously puzzled and confused by the 
appearance of this long, sought-after RADAR Ranger. It 
was not what he had imagined the missing link to be like. 
Despite his confusion, Daryl kept enough composure to 
extend his hand and say, 'My name is Daryl and this is 
Gordon,' pointing to me. 'We're both RADAR Rangers 
like yourself and are very pleased to have found you.'
"The other RADAR Ranger didn't acknowledge Daryl's 
greeting. He merely stood in front of us with unblinking 
eyes and asked,'Where is the law breaker? He has been 
riding without a helmet and must be corrected with a 
ticket.'
" 'We'll talk about him later,' snapped a suddenly 
impatient Daryl. 'Let's talk about you now and where you 
come from. Can you tell me about the other RADAR 
Rangers you keep the law with? Where are they now?'
"But the two-dimensional ranger ignored Daryl's 
questions again. 'Riding a bike without a helmet is 
against the law,' he mouthed in his tedious tones. 'I must 
correct him. I'll bring him down now,' and he started to 
walk away from us towards his Mustang. Daryl, furious 
with the response, or lack of it, reached across with his 
right hand and grabbed the ranger by his left shoulder and 
spun him violently around to face us again.
" 'Don't act like an idiot,' he shouted at the unseeing eyes. 
'Surely you know more than you're letting onto. Where 
do you come from, ranger? What place do you call 
home? You can't be the only RADAR Ranger on the 
Sonoma coast. There have to be others who can tell me 
about our history, about our origins!'
"The other RADAR Ranger stood mutely still, his eyes 
an unwritten movie script. Slowly, a glimmer of 
recognition settled into them and his forehead wrinkled 
as he strained to translate that glimmer into words. 
'Tamal,' he finally declared, a trace of a smile on his face.
" 'Tamal?' repeated Daryl softly. Then loudly, 'Tamal? 
What does 'Tamal' mean?'
"More silence from the other RADAR Ranger, then 
additional glimmers of recognition. 'TamalPAIS,' he 
grinned. 'Tamalpais is where the others are.' Without 
further interference from Daryl, the ranger turned his 
back on us and half-jogged, half-walked to his cruiser, 
climbed in, and drove out of the parking lot in pursuit of 
the law-breaking mountain biker.
"Did you ever see that RADAR Ranger again?" asked the 
mountain biker from behind the table.
"Yes, we did, in the watershed of our origins."
"Here on Mt. Tamalpais, sir."
"Yes, on Mt. Tamalpais."
Part Three: On the Mountain
"The other RADAR Ranger was gone, leaving Daryl and 
me alone once again. We stood there, two solitary 
figures, in the timeless dark just outside the high redwood 
wall that surrounded Fort Ross. Then Daryl tapped me 
lightly on the shoulder and suggested we head back to 
our own vehicle. I turned the spotlight on, the need for 
caution and stealth no longer paramount. The door to the 
secrets of the Sonoma coast I if there had been any 
secrets I had closed on us."
"But the other RADAR Ranger?" asked the mountain 
biker, nervously twisting his hands back and forth in each 
other. "Why was he so different from you and Daryl?"
"I had the beginnings of a few ideas, but they were 
clouded over and hidden by a deep despair that took hold 
of me. That despair arose from a troubling doubt that we 
had neutralized the only other RADAR Ranger who had 
anything in common with us: Fritz. He had been in my 
thoughts, as I think you know, in one form or another 
since we had come to the Sonoma coast. In a strange 
twist of fate, he was the only RADAR Ranger like us that 
I had found on this journey. As contradictory as it may 
sound, there were times then I wished he were back 
together with us!
"Daryl, on the other hand, had a far more practical 
perspective. 'What if RADAR Rangers are not the lone 
predators Fritz wanted to us believe,' he reasoned. 
'Suppose, in fact, that we are pack animals, surviving best 
in groups. Living together, bringing down law breakers 
together. It makes sense, doesn't it? For a reason we may 
never learn, Fritz was separated from his pack and could 
not return to it. Perhaps he committed a crime against his 
fellow RADAR Rangers and was banished. Or maybe he 
was separated from them in an accident. The actual cause 
for the separation isn't important, though. The important 
thing is the separation itself. I don't believe RADAR 
Rangers can exist in the absence of other pack members. 
If my guess is correct, Fritz made you into a RADAR 
Ranger shortly after his separation occurred because he 
couldn't stand to be alone. And when he felt that you 
were ready, he expanded the pack by creating another 
RADAR Ranger, me. If I hadn't neutralized him, would 
he have created others in time? I believe he would have. 
There is comfort in the pack, a comfort we unknowingly 
took for granted while Fritz was with us. Although we 
claim to have hated him, his absence has diminished the 
comfort we feel now.'
"Daryl stood quiet, his eyes darting back and forth with 
REM-like movements in their sockets. 'My God,' he 
finally exclaimed, 'it also explains why the RADAR 
Ranger we just encountered was crazed. He's lost his 
pack and, perhaps more significant, he doesn't know how 
to replace it with his own. The loneliness obviously has 
driven him to madness.' Striking his clenched fist onto 
the hood of the Mustang, he announced to me, 'So much 
of what we are has become clear to me tonight, Gordon. I 
was despairing in the darkness out there when we first 
encountered him, but now I see there's no need to despair. 
That we are pack animals is as clear to me as is our need 
to bring down law breakers. And, given the right 
circumstances, a RADAR Ranger can change a man of 
lesser action into a man of superior action I Fritz has 
shown us that. But if you were to ask what the right set of 
circumstances is, I couldn't give you any specifics. My 
history is incomplete for that. And our origins, Gordon! 
Our origins! I still don't know how it all began. But I feel 
that I'll find answers to all my unanswered questions on 
Mt. Tamalpais.' He climbed into the Mustang without 
another word and drove us straight to the mountain that 
very night.
Mt. Tamalpais
"I can't find the words to describe the joy I felt that night 
on our return to Marin county and, particularly, to Mt. 
Tamalpais," said the RADAR Ranger to the mountain 
biker. He stretched his arms wide, then wrapped them 
around his upper torso, forming a large X with his 
forearms in front of his chest. Holding this position, he 
turned from the window and walked slowly back to his 
chair at the oak table. "Mt. Tam was backyard to Terra 
Linda," he grunted with an emphasis on the 'da' of 'Terra 
Linda' as he fell back into his chair and settled into the 
five round dowels that formed its backrest. "All the kids 
in the neighborhood played there whenever they could. 
Some of us rode our bikes over the San Rafael/Terra 
Linda Ridge to get there, others took the bus, and some 
even managed to con their parents out of rides on a 
regular basis.
"Our first experiences were on the lower hills of the north 
slopes, in and around Fairfax. We were fortunate because 
the north side of the mountain tends to be wetter, wilder, 
shadier, and less congested with hikers than the south 
side. A great place for kids to explore and have fun 
without the constant intrusion of adults. The fog that 
