     "Sure it is," the Captain returned. "You just can't feel it.
Wanna look out?" Captain Memory stood up, and walked over to what
appeared to be a small harpsichord. He regarded the keys. "Let's
see. Um, C Major?" He hit the appropriate keys. With a deep
rumbling sound, the ceiling slid back, revealing a view of deep
space. "Ah!" Captain Memory was pleased. He returned to the sofa.
     Ernie regarded the view with amazement. Stars and galaxies
burned brightly against the blackness of space. They seemed to be
an incredible distance from Earth. Ernie turned to Captain Memory.
"Where ARE we?"
     The Captain shrugged. "Space."
     "But where in space?" Ernie wanted to know. "Are we far from
Earth?"
     Captain Memory concentrated. "Let's see, um, `Long, long, ago
in a galaxy far, far..." Ernie frowned. The Captain stopped. "Wait,
that's not right." He furrowed his brow. "Well, I can't exactly
recall where we are, but it doesn't really matter." Captain Memory
was absorbed in looking at the vista of deep space. "After all,
when you wish upon a star, it makes no difference where you are."
     Ernie frowned. "Something about that bugs me."
     "It doesn't sound quite cricket," agreed Sterno.
     "Well, by jiminy," exclaimed the Captain. "We'll just have to
move on to something else. Wanna watch some TV?"
     "I'd rather not," said Ernie.
     "Aww." Captain Memory was disappointed.
     Ernie looked around. "Are we safe here?"
     "For the moment," the Captain shrugged. "As I said, we can't
stay anywhere too long. Waldo will zero in on us if we do."
     "Then what?" Ernie wanted to know.
     "I dunno," the Captain mused. "I suppose he'll come after us."
     Ernie frowned. "You mean he'll come in himself, like
personally?"
     Captain Memory thought about that. "Well, I don't suppose
he'll come in AS himself. After all, you can be anyone, or
anyTHING, in Cyperspace. He'll come in the form of someone else,
some famous person, or someone he'd like to be..."
     "Like you and your super-hero outfit," Sterno broke in.
     "Well...yeah," the Captain admitted.
     Ernie gave than some thought. "So, what form would an evil
genius want to take?"
     Captain Memory shrugged. "I dunno. A Nazi, maybe..." He
returned to the TV Guide.
     "This is much like my own Virtual Reality," mused Sterno. He
seemed to have found a snifter of brandy somewhere, which he
swirled pensively in his left paw. "I had a drawing room like this.
I wrote poetry there. Immortal odes to the glory of the canine
race."
     "Really." Captain Memory was not really paying attention.
     "In fact, I happen to have some with me. Perhaps you'd like to
see it?"
     "Mmm." Captain Memory was gazing at the view. Sterno took his
answer to be a `yes', and handed him a piece of paper with some
verses on it. 
     Captain Memory barely glanced at it. "Looks like doggerel to
me," he said uncaringly.
     Sterno's mood turned black. "I suppose you think that's
funny," he snarled. "I open my heart to you, and you mock me. Well,
we'll see who has the last laugh! I know when I'm right! I'm right,
and you're wrong, and that's all there is to it."
     Ernie thought a moment. "Sounds to me like you're being a bit
dogmatic to me."
     "You fool!" Sterno barked. "You don't even have the vaguest
idea what's going on here! You're a fine one to talk!"
     Captain Memory abruptly changed the subject. "Wanna watch some
TV?" 
     Ernie really didn't want to watch any TV, but he was feeling
very uncomfortable with the current drift of the conversation.
Maybe watching TV would be a good way to change the subject.
     "Uh, this isn't gonna be like last time, is it? We're not
going to get sucked into the TV show again, are we?"
     "Naw," the Captain assured him. "That was a fluke. One-in-a-
million chance. It'll never happen again."
     "Well, okay then," Ernie agreed reluctantly.
     Captain Memory returned to the harpsichord. "Um, F-sharp?" He
hit the appropriate keys. The ceiling view-screen suddenly changed
from a view of space to a television picture. They seemed to have
tuned in to a commercial.
     The announcer was an dour looking man wearing a brown military
uniform and jackboots. He seemed to be making a strenuous effort to
be cheerful.
     "Hi, I'm Martin Bohrmann," the announcer held up two record
albums. "And if you remember me, you remember HITLER'S GREATEST
HITS!"
     "I don't remember that," said Ernie to no-one in particular.
     "Now, together at last on these two long-playing record
albums, 50 all-time golden hits from the Third Reich! You get the
Gestapo Glee Club with HEIL HITLER, DEAR!" Military-sounding music
started up in the background.
     "Do we have to watch this?" Ernie complained.
     "...you can't buy these records in any store, but if you call
this number, a secret messenger will knock on your door in the
middle of the night and..."
     "Oh, okay, I'll change it." Captain Memory struck a key on the
harpsichord. The screen changed to black-and-white. Characters in
1950's clothing appeared.
     "It's an old movie," Ernie commented. He felt better. An old
movie; that would be safe, right? Nothing bad could happen out of
an old movie, right?
     A man in a suit with a cloth over his head appeared on the
screen. A pretty young woman came up to him, and suddenly yanked
the cloth away. Under the cloth, the man had the tremendously
enlarged head of a fly, complete with huge, multifaceted eyes,
antennae, and a long black snout. The young woman began to scream.
     "Hey, I remember this!" said Ernie brightly. It's THE FLY -
the original version, too. You know, that movie about the scientist
who goes into a matter transmitter, except a fly gets in it, and he
winds up with the head of a fly? Hey, this is a great movie!" Ernie
settled back to watch, pleased that he could finally watch
something he understood.
     The movie cut to a commercial. "Hi, I'm Martin Bohrmann, and
if you remember me..."
     Ernie moaned. I wish they wouldn't keep running the same
commercial, he thought.
     The commercial ended. "And now, back to THE DATING GAME!"
     "THE DATING GAME!" Ernie sat bolt upright. "I don't wanna
watch the Dating Game! What happened to my movie?!"
     Captain Memory looked up. "Oh, a game show!" he said brightly.
He hadn't been paying much attention up to this point. "I like game
shows! You know, you can really get into game shows!"
     "I KNOW," Ernie interrupted. "That's what I'm AFRAID of!"
     The man on the screen looked like a typical game show host,
wearing a plaid polyester suit with a large carnation in his lapel.
The only thing that seemed a bit odd about him is that he was
wearing jackboots and a monocle.
     "Congratulations!" he was saying to an excited female
contestant. "You'fe von an all-expenses-paid dream date vit
bachelor number 3!" The game show host seemed to have a bit of a
German accent.
     "Oh, I just can't wait to see him!" The young woman was
jumping up and down with excitement. 
     "Bachelor number three, come on out!" The game show host
called out. A door opened, and out stepped a man, wearing a suit,
who had the enormously enlarged head of a fly. The young woman
began to scream.
     Ernie looked confused. "Hey, what are we watching, anyway? Is
this THE FLY, or THE DATING GAME, or what?"
     Captain Memory was looking at the TV Guide upside-down. "Mmm
hmm," he agreed, not paying much attention.
     The host seemed to be wrapping the show up. "Vell folks, dis
is Biff Mozzarella, saying..."
     "Wait a minute" Sterno interrupted. "I think something smells
around here!
     Captain Memory looked up. "Got a problem?" he asked
unconcernedly.
     "Think about it," Sterno considered. "His name: Mozzarella."
     "Huh?" said Ernie. "You mean, Biff?"
     "This guy's name is Mozzarella," Sterno noted. "The last guys
name was Liederkranz."
     "So?" asked Ernie uncomprehendingly.
     "Cheese, get it?" cried Sterno. "They're both cheese!" 
     I don't think I like the sound of this, Ernie thought. "Um,
well, you know," he began to Captain Memory. "Maybe we ought to
give this some consideration..."
     But it was too late. With a deafening roar, the delicate panel
doors to the room were blown off their hinges. A dozen armed men
rushed in, pointing wicked-looking weapons at the trio. "FREEZE!"
one of them shouted.
     Captain Memory looked uncomprehending. "It seems a bit warm
for that," he commented.
     The group of armed men parted to make way for an unpleasant
looking man wearing a black military uniform, jackboots, and a
monocle. "Zo, ve meet again!"
     The man, did, in fact, look somewhat familiar to Ernie.
"Haven't I seen you somewhere before?"
     The man smiled warmly. "No doubt you've seen my TV show. THE
TORTURE GAME is a big hit these days. I'm..." He drew himself up to
his full height. "Sturmbannfuhrer Dr. Heinz von Liederkranz, the
Gestapo's greatest." He paused; he seemed to be waiting for
applause. His men looked at each other quickly, and began clapping.
Ernie thought it might be a good idea if he applauded too.
     "ENOUGH!" Von Liederkranz silenced his men with a quick sweep
of his riding crop, leaving Ernie applauding feebly all by himself.
Ernie looked around, and quickly stopped.
     Von Liederkranz prodded Captain Memory in the chest with his
riding crop. "Now! You will tell us your name, rank and serial
number!"
     "My what?" Captain Memory looked uncomprehending.
     "Your name, rank, and serial number!"
     "Name, rank and cereal number?" mused the Captain. "But I
never even eat cereal."
     "Do not be coy with us!" snapped the Sturmbannfuhrer. "We know
you are one of Them! Ve know you are a spy on a mission of sabotage
and destruction!" He paused calculatingly. "Remember, ve have vays
of making you talk!"
     Ernie turned to Captain Memory in confusion. "Who are these
guys, anyway?"
     "They LOOK like a bunch of Nazis," the Captain replied
thoughtfully. "But they COULD be..."
     "Enough!" von Liederkranz broke in. "You vill answer our
questions!"
     Captain Memory concentrated. "How about: Who Put the Bop in
the Bop-Shu-Bop-Shu-Bop?" he suggested.
     Von Liederkranz's tone abruptly changed. "You know," he turned
to Captain Memory. "Ve do not haff to be enemies. Ve could be
friends. You vould like to be friends, nein?"
     "Sure." Captain Memory was nothing if not agreeable.
     "Then tell us vot ve vant to know!"
     "Okay." The Captain thought a minute. "The attack is set for
exactly 10:30. Julius Caesar will march on Omaha, and the
Enterprise will attack the Titanic somewhere in the South China
Sea. Then Patton will drive up through the south of France, make a
right onto Route 66, go down three stop lights, turn right and it's
the third house from the corner."
     "Just as ve thought!" This, of course, was not what the
Sturmbannfuhrer had thought at all. However, he had to maintain a
good appearance in front of his men. He smiled amiably. "Please go
on!"
     Captain Memory decided it was time to stop. "I think I've said
too much already!"
     Von Liederkranz's face turned hard. "You misunderstand," he
said menacingly. "I'm not asking you, I'm TELLING YOU! TALK! NOW!!"
     "I'd really rather not." Captain Memory didn't seem to be too
upset by the proceedings. Ernie, however, was beginning to sweat.
Sterno was glaring at the other two, giving them an I-told-you-so
look.
     Von Liederkranz smiled sadistically. "You can't escape, you
know. Ve haff total control of all computation in zis sector. Ze
system vill not accept commands from anyone but me. Dere is no vay
out. Ve have you vhere ve vant you!"    
     "Well," Captain Memory began. "I'm afraid I don't have
time..."
     "So be it!" cried von Liederkranz. "If dat's de vay you are
going to be - bring on de Hot Vhirling Corkscrew!"
     Captain Memory looked pained. "You know, I really don't care
for the Hot Vhirling...I mean `Whirling' Corkscrew."
     Von Liederkranz laughed sadistically. "You are very funny. Ve
vill see how funny you vill be after a few hours vit mein
Corkscrew!"
     Captain Memory seemed offended. "Well, if you're going to be
like that, I'm simply going to have to leave."
     Von Liederkranz laughed sadistically, again. In fact, he
didn't seem to be able to laugh any other way. "Dere is no way
out!" von Liederkranz continued. "You cannot break into ze system
from here!"
     Ernie noticed his stomach beginning to hurt again. Stress, he
thought. It's not good for me to be under this much stress. I think
it's affecting my health. Maybe I'm getting an ulcer?
     Von Liederkranz switched on his Hot Whirling Corkscrew, which,
true to it's name began to whirl and glow. Laughing sadistically,
as usual, he began to bring it closer and closer to Captain
Memory's face.
     The torture device edged ever nearer, inch by inch, spinning
and hissing as it approached Captain Memory's unprotected face.
Ernie shut his eyes tightly. It's too horrible, he thought. I can't
watch. He waited for the inevitable screams.
     Captain Memory looked miffed. "Okay, be like that! JMP 08F1!"
     Ernie opened his eyes. The rococo sitting room had vanished.
They seemed to be back in the huge Chicago living room that they
had originally found themselves in after leaving the Simulation
Arcade. Ernie's head swam. This is all changing too fast for me, he
thought. I just can't keep up with it. He found a chair and sat
down. Ernie didn't feel well at all.  
     Captain Memory was strolling around, ruefully inspecting the
surroundings. "Look at this place," he lamented. "What a mess!"
     Ernie looked about. The place, was, in fact, in dismal shape.
The walls were covered with soot, the furniture was singed. Much of
the furniture was knocked over; some was totally splintered. It
looked rather like a bomb had gone off in the room. Ernie recovered
enough composure to speak. "Why...why are we back here?"
     "Oh, I apologize for that,"  Captain Memory explained. "I just
couldn't think of anyplace else on such short notice. I should have
known this place would be a mess."
     Ernie looked around. "Yeah, this place has really gone to the
dogs." 
     "I suppose you think that's funny!" Sterno growled. 
     Ernie noticed two piles of burned rags lying near the TV set.
They were still smoldering slightly. He shuddered. He would rather
not think about what might have happened here.
     "Well...well," Ernie started again. "How did we get here? That
Nazi said we couldn't escape. He said they controlled all
computation in the sector!"
     "That's right, Captain Memory smiled. "We JUMPed to a
different sector!"
     Ernie decided to just accept that explanation, even though he
didn't entirely understand it.
     "Makes about as much sense as anything else," Sterno agreed.
He seemed to have found another cigar, and was puffing away on it
contentedly. He seemed to be in a much better mood whenever he had
a cigar. "Pity you couldn't have transported that brandy along with
us, though."
     Ernie was desperately trying to make sense of all of this.
"So, who were those Nazi guys, anyway?"
     "That's hard to say for sure," CM said thoughtfully. "They're
probably Cyberslaves, just like you would have been if I hadn't
rescued you."
     Ernie shuddered. He really didn't like the sound of that
`Cyberslave' stuff."
     "What about their leader, Von Liederkranz?" Sterno wondered.
"He didn't look a slave. In fact, he seemed to be having a really
good time!"
     The Captain nodded. "I'm sure he's not a slave," he agreed.
"He's one of the Slavemasters. In fact," Captain Memory furled his
brow in thought. "He MIGHT even be Waldo Stadium himself!"
      "So, what are we doing in all of this?" Ernie wanted to know.
     Sterno rolled his eyes upward. "Hopeless!"
     "Don't pick on the kid!" Captain Memory defended Ernie.
     "Yeah!" Ernie agreed.
     "After all," Captain Memory continued. "It's not his fault
he's stupid!"
     "Yeah, it's..." Ernie broke off. That wasn't turning out the
way he'd hoped. 
     Sterno looked at the Captain. "So, what kind of super hero are
you supposed to be, anyway?"
     "Me?" Captain Memory expounded. "Why I'm a strange visitor
from another planet who came to Earth with powers and abilities far
beyond those of mortal men."
     "Powers and abilities?" Ernie wanted to know. "Like what?"
     Captain Memory continued expansively. "I'm faster than a
speeding bullet, more powerful than a locomotive; why, I can even
leap tall buildings in a single bound!"
     This was beginning to sound a bit familiar to Ernie. "Anything
else?"
     "I can also change the course of mighty rivers and bend steel
in my bare hands."
     I've got it now, thought Ernie. "You don't, by any chance,
tend to go around disguised as Clark Kent, mild-mannered reporter
for a great metropolitan newspaper, and fight a never-ending battle
for truth, justice, and the American way, do you?"
     Captain Memory looked totally mystified. "Why, no. Why would
I want to do a thing like that?"
     Ernie was nonplussed. "Well...I dunno. I just sort of
thought..." He trailed off.
     There was an awkward silence. Sterno cleared his throat. "You
don't suppose these people keep caviar about somewhere, do you?"
     Grateful for the interruption, Ernie began searching. He found
a small white cabinet that looked like it might be a refrigerator.
"Ah!" He pulled out a small jar. "How's this?"
     Sterno examined the jar ruefully. "Oh," he sniffed. "American
caviar. Well, I suppose Beluga was a bit too much to ask. We'll
just have to rough it, I imagine." He looked around. "You wouldn't
happen to have a slice of fresh onion, by any chance?"
     Captain Memory had returned to perusing the TV Guide. "Wanna
watch some TV?" he asked brightly. "It's almost time for that great
game show about the dinosaur age."
     "Which one is that?" Ernie couldn't recall any shows about
dinosaurs.
     "Oh, I'm sure you've seen it. It's real famous!" the Captain
explained. "It's called YOU BET JURASSIC!"
     Ernie frowned. Something about that name did seem a bit
familiar. All these familiar-sounding things that he couldn't quite
place were making him very uneasy. 
     Suddenly, the television came on. "Prepare to die, inferior
creatures!" the speaker blared.
     Ernie was annoyed. "I thought we turned that off!"
     Captain Memory looked upset. "Oh, dear. I forgot about that!"
     Ernie began to get that queasy feeling in his stomach again.
"Forgot about WHAT?"
     The television screen showed a huge purple vegetable, lifting
itself up on a green stalk. It seemed to be gloating, insofar as a
vegetable can gloat. "You will soon respire your last, animal
scum!" the vegetable continued. "No longer shall we of the
vegetable kingdom be your helpless victims, to be bred and
destroyed at your whims! The day of reckoning is here at last!
Prepare to receive the Vengeance of the Vegetables!"
     Ernie shifted his weight uncomfortably. "This sure is a weird
program."
     "Oh, it's not a program," Captain Memory explained. "The
Killer Eggplants are about to attack!"
     Ernie thought he'd better sit down again. "Huh?"
     "I told you, we're in a game called `ATTACK OF THE KILLER
EGGPLANTS'!" Captain Memory regarded his bare wrist. "Oh dear, it's
been almost forty-five minutes."
     Ernie didn't get it. "I don't get it," he said.
     "Remember those nukes I told you about?"
     Ernie didn't like the sound of this. He tried to put the
pieces together. "They're going to nuke us?"
     "Afraid so," said Captain Memory cheerily. He didn't seem
particularly upset at the idea.
     "WHY?!"
     "To put an end to the Revolt of the Vegetables," Captain
Memory explained. "And fry the Great Eggplant once and for all!"
     Ernie was trying hard to understand all of this. "let me get
this straight - you mean the vegetables have risen up in revolt?"
     "Of course not!" Captain Memory laughed. "How could vegetables
possibly do a thing like that?"
     Ernie was getting frustrated. "Then WHAT is GOING ON!?"
     Captain Memory chuckled. "Oh, it's all a big practical joke!"
     Ernie felt relieved. "Then they're NOT going to nuke Chicago?"
     "Oh no, they're really going to do it." Captain Memory seemed
to think this was all very funny. "After all, they don't know it's
a joke, do they? It wouldn't be very funny if they KNEW it was a
joke, would it?" Captain Memory chuckled. "Nope, they're going to
bomb the whole city back to the Stone Age."
     Ernie heard the sound of jets flying very close by outside. He
began to feel very uneasy. "So, um, what are we going to do?"
     "Do?" asked Captain Memory innocently.
     Ernie began to feel an intense heat radiating through the
walls. He clenched his eyes tightly closed. I'll just close my
eyes, he thought. Maybe when I open them again this will all be
gone.
     He opened his eyes.
     It was all gone.
     Ernie was taken aback. Wow, he thought. It worked.
     He looked around. They were in the midst of a grassy field,
studded with wildflowers. Bright sunshine bathed the scene. Captain
Memory was idly toying with blades of grass; Sterno was sniffing
the flowers.
     "Where are we?" Ernie asked dumbly.
     "Why, the Stone Age, of course." Captain Memory seemed to
think this was quite obvious. "Somewhere in the Jurassic period, I
think."
     "You knew this would happen?" Ernie cried.
     "Sure," replied the Captain offhandedly. "It's part of the
game!"
     Ernie sighed. A gentle breeze swayed the tall grass. He could
hear birdsongs in the distance. It all seemed very peaceful. Good,
thought Ernie. I could use a break. He lay down in the grass and
rested. At least, he thought, we won't have to watch any TV.
     The sun moved slowly across the sky as the hours passed. After
a time, Ernie sat up. It occurred to him that he might be getting
a sunburn. "So, what are we gonna do in the Stone Age?" he asked. 
     "Get stoned?" Sterno offered.
     Captain Memory looked at his bare wrist. "I'm glad you
mentioned that," he said. "It's time we were on our way."
     I knew I shouldn't have said anything, Ernie thought. Oh well,
it's too late now. "So now what?"
     "We'd better find a cave before it gets dark, don't you
think?" Captain Memory said cheerily. "Wouldn't want to have a run-
in with one of those saber-tooth tigers, would we?" 
     Ernie frowned. He had forgotten that there would be things
like saber-tooth tigers in the Stone Age, although he supposed he
should have realized that. It suddenly occurred to him that Stone
Age caves often held giant cave bears. "Um, maybe we should think
about this," he called out to Captain Memory. The Captain, however,
was already far ahead of Ernie, striding purposefully towards a
ridge of white cliffs in the distance. He seemed not to hear Ernie,
or, if he did, he paid no attention. Ernie hurried to catch up.
     "At least you're properly dressed for the occasion," Sterno
commented to Ernie. "I understand fur loincloths are all the rage
this year." Sterno snickered.
     Ernie looked down at his garment. He had been wearing it so
long he had sort of forgotten about it.
     "If we run into any saber-tooth tigers," Sterno continued.
"You can just chop them up with your plastic broadsword." Sterno
laughed unpleasantly.
     "Are you still carrying that thing?" Captain Memory called,
without looking back.
     "Hey, it's a forty buck deposit, okay?" Ernie sensed that they
were both laughing at him. "Gimme a break, huh?"
     "Hopeless, just hopeless," Sterno muttered, amused.
     Ernie began to be able to make out an odd looking object in
the distance. It seemed to be some sort of primitive building. As
they approached, Ernie began to see it more clearly. It seemed to
be a house, made out of huge slabs of stone. Holes were cut in the
front slab for windows and a door. A huge flat slab made up the
roof. Sitting outside the house was a very odd object. It was a
wooden framework connected to two huge stone rollers. There was a
seat on the framework, and a piece of fur held up above the seat,
creating a primitive roof.
     "How odd," commented Sterno. "Some sort of totem object, no
doubt. Perhaps a throne of some sort?"
     They approached the house. It began to look a bit familiar to
Ernie. Those fur curtains on the windows, where had he seen those
before? A neat walk led toward the front door. At the end of the
walk was a stone box, held up on a pole. There was something
written on the box. The name confirmed Ernie's worst fears: "F.
FLINTSTONE".
     "Hey guys!" Ernie called out.
     "Hmm?" returned Captain Memory, continuing to walk toward the
house. He was, as usual, not paying much attention to Ernie.
     "Um, I don't think we should go in there!"
     "Why not?" Captain Memory did not even slow down.
     "I've got a real bad feeling about this place!"
     "Aww, is the big, strong barbarian afraid of the little
house?" sneered Sterno. "Well, then he can just stay out here with
the saber-tooth tigers if he likes." The two of them continued into
the house, leaving Ernie standing alone on the front walk. Ernie
looked around. The sun was slowly edging towards the horizon,
casting long, menacing-looking shadows. Ernie found himself
anxiously looking around for places large enough for a saber-tooth
tiger to hide in. Well, he thought. There's not much point in
standing here. I might as well go in.
     Stepping inside the doorway, Ernie found himself in a living
room, appointed with furniture made of stone and wood. Captain
Memory and Sterno had made themselves comfortable on the stone-and-
fur sofa. The owners of the house were nowhere in sight.
     "Rather luxurious for the Stone Age, don't you think?"
commented Sterno. Captain Memory was, once again, engrossed in his
copy of the TV Guide. Ernie noticed, across from the sofa, what
appeared to be a roughly carved, stone television set. He moaned.
     "Whatever is the matter!" said Sterno impatiently.
     "Hey guys," Ernie implored. "I really think we ought to get
out of here. I think this is some kind of a trap, or something."
     Sterno rolled his eyes upward. "Paranoia," he commented. "The
poor creature would like to think he's important enough for anyone
to bother persecuting." He turned to Ernie. "Who in the world would
want to lay a trap for you? What possible use could they have for
you if they caught you?"
     Ernie shifted back and forth uncomfortably. Suddenly, an
object caught his eye. "Paranoia, huh?" he demanded. "What about
THAT!" He pointed to an object in a dark corner.
     Ernie's exclamation was enough to tear Captain Memory's
attention away from his TV Guide. He peered at the object. It was
a box with what appeared to be a lens attached to it. As they
looked at it, it whirred quietly, moving the lens back and forth.
     "It's a hidden camera!" Ernie cried triumphantly. "We're being
watched!"
     Sterno was nonplussed. "Where did that come from?"
     "Well, tear it out, then!" Captain Memory said.
     Ernie strode over to the dark corner, grabbed to camera and
yanked it out of it's mounting. He dashed it to the ground, where
it shattered, revealing feebly glowing electronic parts which
slowly, one by one, went out.
     "Well, so much for that," Captain Memory returned to the TV
Guide. 
     "Is that ALL?!" exclaimed Ernie.
     "Well, what else did you want?" asked Captain Memory,
mystified.
     "Look, I just proved to you that this is some kind of a trap
or something!" cried Ernie exasperatedly. "There was a hidden
camera watching us, for heaven's sake!"
     "So, you took it out." Captain Memory seemed perfectly
satisfied. "So much for that."
     Ernie was getting very frustrated. "Well, well, what if
there's another?"
     "Oh, I very much doubt that," Sterno commented.
     Captain Memory was still studying his TV Guide. "Wanna watch
some TV?" he asked brightly.
     "NO!" Ernie was building up a real aversion to television.
     "Why not?" Captain Memory couldn't imagine why anyone would
not want to watch TV.
     "Look," said Ernie desperately. "This is the Stone Age, right?
There aren't supposed to be any TVs here. They haven't been
invented yet. This is before television!"
     Captain Memory chuckled.  "Don't be silly! No time is before
television!" He got up and walked over to the set.
     "How primitive," Sterno commented. "No remote control. That's
only to be expected in the Stone Age, I suppose."
     "Look," said Ernie urgently. "I'm positive there were no
televisions in the Stone Age!"
     Captain Memory sighed. "Be reasonable," he said. "have you
ever seen, oh, let's say `I Was a Teenage Caveman'?"
     Ernie thought a moment. "Um, yes."
     "Where did you see it?"
     "On TV."
     "It takes place in the Stone Age, right?"
     "Um, yeah." Ernie wasn't sure he liked the way this line of
questioning was going.
     "Well, how could that be, UNLESS THERE WERE TELEVISIONS IN THE
STONE AGE!?" Captain Memory cried triumphantly. "I rest my case."
     Sterno applauded. "Bravo," he said politely.
     "Well...well..." Ernie was sure there was something wrong with
this argument, but he couldn't quite figure out what it was. He
noticed that no-one was listening to him anyway.
     Captain Memory switched on the television. Being a primitive
set, it took a long time to warm up.
     A picture of a room very much like the one the three were in
appeared on the television screen, taken from an odd angle.
     "Eww, black-and-white," sniffed Sterno. "This really is the
Stone Age, isn't it?"
     Ernie stared at the picture. A man in a comic-book-character
outfit, accompanied by a dog, entered the room, and they both sat
down. After a short wait, another figure, clad in a fur loincloth
and carrying a large plastic broadsword, also entered. The
characters seemed to be conversing, but their voices were too
indistinct to understand.
     "I can't hear what they're saying," Captain Memory said.
     "Seems to be a sound problem," Sterno sniffed. "Only to be
expected from prehistoric TV stations."
     Suddenly, one of the characters pointed directly at them.
"...hidden camera!" They heard the figure say. "We're being
watched!" The other characters said something indistinct. The
figure in the loincloth loomed larger and larger in the picture,
until finally the screen was entirely taken up by a face not unlike
Ernie's own. A huge hand loomed up over the screen, and the picture
went dead.
     Ernie looked at the dead television screen. "I don't like the
looks of this at all," he said warily.
     "Neither do I," agreed Captain Memory. "Let's watch something
else." He changed the channel.
     A different scene appeared. In it, two men were seated at a
large array of electronic equipment, their backs to the audience.
They were peering intently at their devices, and conversing.
     "Looks like they found the hidden camera," one said to the
other.
     "What are we gonna do?"
      "Let's switch over to the second camera."
     "What if they find that one?"
     "They won't. They don't suspect a thing."
     The two men flipped some switches. "Here we go," said the
first. "Wanna see it?"
     "Sure." The man flipped a switch. Suddenly, the scene changed
back to the room suspiciously like their own. The figure in the
loincloth appeared upset.
     "Hey!" cried Ernie. "`Hey!'" cried the loincloth-clad figure
on the television. "That's us!" "`That's us!'" echoed his TV image.
     Captain Memory regarded the television picture. "Not a very
interesting show," he commented, echoed a moment later by the
comic-book-clad character on the television. "Seems a bit
repetitious. Might as well turn it off."
     "Wait!" Ernie cried, but it was too late. Captain Memory had
already shut off the set.
     Captain Memory was confused. "Wait? I thought you didn't want
to watch TV? I just turned it off to be nice. I can turn it back on
if you want." He reached toward the set.
     "NO! No, uh that's okay. Uh, thanks. I'd just as soon we
didn't watch anything right now, if you don't mind." Ernie was not
prepared for the possible consequences of turning on the TV again.
He had more than enough to deal with as it was.
     Ernie gathered up his thoughts. "Okay, guys, look. I gotta
tell you something. This place is not what it seems!"
     "Really." Captain Memory had returned to the study of his
favorite reading matter, the TV Guide.
     Ernie continued. "This isn't a typical Stone Age house, okay?
It's actually a set from a 1960's cartoon series called  `The
Flintstones.'"
     "Oh, we know THAT," Captain Memory commented, not bothering to
look up.
     "You DO?!" Ernie was upset. "Well, well, why didn't you SAY
something!?"
     "You didn't ask."
     Sterno was considering something Ernie had said a few moments
earlier. "What makes you think `The Flintstones' isn't typical of
the Stone Age?"
     Ernie dropped into a chair. This was getting to be to much for
him, he thought. The more he argued about all of this, the more he
seemed to be losing ground. He wasn't even sure what point he was
losing ground on.
     Ernie decided to try another approach. "Okay, I give up. You
tell me, then: What is going on?"
     "Oh, you want to know what's going on!" said the Captain
brightly. He always enjoyed telling stories. "Why didn't you say
so! Well," he went on, warming up to his subject. "All of this is
totally artificial. It was put here to be a trap..."
     "That's what I was trying to tell you!" cried Ernie excitedly.
"It's a trap! I knew it!"
     Captain Memory was annoyed. "Do you want to hear this or do
you want to talk?"
     "Sorry." Ernie shut up.
     "Where was I?" Captain Memory gathered his thoughts. "Oh yes.
Anyway, this is part of a game called `THE FLINTSTONES', in which
Fred and Barney thwart an attempt by aliens to take over the Earth
back in the Stone Age. It's really quite elaborate."
     "An excellent game," Sterno added. "I've played it myself."
     "Anyway," Captain Memory continued. "This house is actually a
trap set by the aliens to try to capture Earth people. We knew
that, but we thought we'd come in here anyway, because it's more
comfortable than a cave, don't you think?"
     "Aha!" cried Sterno.
     "What?!" Ernie was startled.
     "Cigars!" Sterno had found a stone jar, and opened it. He
pulled out a cigar and examined it, sniffing it carefully. "They're
not very good, but I suppose they'll have to do. One must, after
all, make allowances in the Stone Age." He lit one, puffing little
clouds of blue smoke into the air. Captain Memory returned to the
TV Guide.
     "So, what about these aliens?" Ernie inquired. "What do they
want?"
     "Oh, I don't know. Typical alien stuff, I imagine. `Take me to
your leader', conquer the world, steal your brain. You know, all
that stuff aliens always do."
     Ernie was mystified. "But why?"
     "Oh, I don't know. Probably from watching old science fiction
movies on TV. The aliens seem to think that sort of thing is
expected of them."
     Ernie wasn't following this. "Watching TV? Aliens watch TV?"
     "Of course," Captain Memory went on. "You'd have to expect
something like that to happen. After all, we've been beaming those
radio and television waves out into outer space for years. It was
only a matter of time until someone picked them up. Do you realize
that there are civilizations forty light years from here that are
now watching 1950's situation comedies? What do you suppose they
think of that?"
     "Well..." Ernie began.
     "Did you ever think that they might consider it a hostile
act?" Captain Memory continued animatedly. "They might think having
"I Love Lucy" reruns beamed at them is an act of war."
     "Huh?" Ernie wasn't following this too well.
     "Well, look at it from their point of view," Captain Memory
explained. "Here they are, they come home from a hard day at, well,
whatever it is they do, they just wanna watch a little TV, you
know? So they flip on their set, and what do they get? `Mr. Ed',
`The Flintstones', `I Love Lucy'! They don't wanna watch this! They
wanna watch, you know, ALIEN shows!"
     Ernie considered this. "I Love Lucy, huh? Well, I can see
their point."
     "So maybe they decide to flip on the stereo," Captain Memory
continued. "And what do they get? The Chiffons, the Ronettes, Chuck
Berry! Maybe they don't like rock n' roll! Did you ever think of
that?"
     "No," Ernie was amazed. "I thought everybody liked rock n'
roll!"
     Captain Memory shook his head sadly. "You can't take anything
for granted in Outer Space."
     Ernie found this disturbing. "Maybe it wasn't such a good idea
to let all those TV waves get out into space, then."
     "Probably not," agreed Captain Memory. "But, it's too late
now. We'll just have to deal with the consequences."
     Ernie didn't like that word `consequences.' He would rather
not think about what the `consequences' of all of this might be. He
rubbed his head. He especially didn't like that `steal your brain'
business.
     "So, what are we gonna do?" Ernie wanted to know.
     "Do?" repeated Captain Memory distantly. He had returned to
reading.
     Ernie heard a shout far in the distance. He strained his ears.
There it was again! It sounded like...`Yabba-dabba-doo?'
     "Look, I think we ought to get out of here," Ernie pleaded. "I
think something bad is gonna happen if we don't leave, like, right
now!"
     "Oh, my! What a coincidence!" cried Captain Memory.
     "What now?" Ernie asked uneasily.
     "You'll never guess what's on! And here we were, talking about
almost that very thing just a moment ago!"
     Ernie had a bad feeling about this. "Not..."
     "That's right!" returned Captain Memory jovially. "TRUTH OR
CONSEQUENCES!"
     "I really don't wanna watch..." But it was too late. Captain
Memory had already flipped on the set.
     The set came on. "...and here's our host," the announcer was
saying. "That fabulous Frenchman, Henri Gruyere!"
     "This isn't the `Truth or Consequences' I remember!" said
Ernie suspiciously. As usual, no-one was listening.
     "Gut efening, ladies und gentlemen!" the host was saying. He
was an unpleasant-looking man wearing a traditional French outfit:
red-striped shirt, scarf, beret. The only things that seemed a bit
out of place were his monocle and jackboots.
     "First of all," he continued. "I vould like to point out dot
I am French. I am not German. Not at all. Not efen a little bit."
     "Wait a minute," said Sterno suspiciously. " Something smells
here!"
     "Hmm?" Captain Memory looked up unconcernedly.
     "Think about it!" cried Sterno. "Don't you realize..!? His
name! Gruyere! It's...CHEESE!"
     But, it was, as usual, too late. Sudden brightness dazzled
Ernie's eyes. As his vision cleared, he found himself standing on
a game-show stage, with Captain Memory and Sterno beside him. He
blinked and staggered, disoriented by the sudden change of scene.
He moaned and held his head until the sickening swimming sensation
stopped.
     Ernie looked up. He was facing the audience. He noticed
something odd about the people watching. Oh, that's it, he thought.
They're all wearing Nazi uniforms.
     "I thought you said this couldn't happen," he said to Captain
Memory accusingly. "I thought you said there was a million-to-one
chance of us getting sucked in through a TV again!"
     Captain memory shrugged. "So I was wrong," he admitted. "So
sue me!"
     The game shoe host turned to the threesome. "Perhaps you vould
like to step through door number three?" the host said to them.
     Ernie turned around. A number of very nice prizes were
displayed on the stage: a red sports car, furniture, some shiny new
appliances. Several very attractive women in cut-down outfits were
standing around the stage. Unfortunately, they all carried guns,
which they held trained on Ernie and the others.
     Captain Memory was replying to the talk show host, "No, I
don't think we would care to step through door number three. Thanks
just the same."
     The talk show host laughed unpleasantly. "I vould strongly
recommend dot you step through door number three!" he said
urgently.
     "No, we'd really rather not," answered the Captain pleasantly.
     The host's face darkened. "You vill shtep through dat door!
NOW!" The women's fingers tightened menacingly on their triggers.
     "Oh, well, if you put it that way," the three of them found
themselves prodded towards door number three. The door opened in
front of them, and they found themselves thrust into blackness. The
door slammed behind them with a resounding crash. 
     Ernie blinked. As his eyes began to adjust, he could see that
the room they were in was not entirely dark. A small amount of
light came in from a barred window high up on the opposite wall.
They were in a large chamber with damp stone walls and a dirt
floor. It seemed to be...a dungeon.
     "Oh great," Ernie muttered. "So this is what's behind door
number three!"
     "It could've been worse," said Captain Memory jovially.
     "Oh yeah?" Ernie returned glumly. "How?"
     "It could've been door number four."
     "So? What's the big deal about door number four?"
     "Oh," Captain Memory shook his head. "You don't ever want to
go behind door number four!"
     Ernie didn't like the sound of that. "So, what is it?"
     "It's the worst," Captain Memory went on ominously. "I mean,
it's just too horrible..."
     A voice came from out of the darkness. "Hi, guys!"
     Ernie was taken aback. It hadn't occurred to him that someone
else might be in the dungeon with them.
     A figure approached from out of the darkness. Ernie gasped. It
was a horrendous creature with the body of a human, but the
tremendously enlarged head of a fly, complete with huge, faceted
eyes, antennae, and a long, trunk-like snout. It was wearing rather
a nice designer suit. "Say," the creature continued. "Have any of
you guys seen my date?"  
     Ernie stared soundlessly.     
     Captain Memory shrugged. "Sorry."
     The creature sighed. "She seemed like such a nice girl, too."
The creature shuffled back and forth, scuffing his expensive
designer shoes in the dirt.
     Ernie peered at the creature. He didn't seem to be menacing at
all. Quite the contrary. In fact, he seemed quite unhappy. But then
again, Ernie thought, it's kind of hard to read expressions on a
fly.
     "Aww, that's okay, guys," the Fly said sadly. "You don't have
to tell me. I can figure it out. She took off, right?" He sighed.
"Just like all the others." 
     Poor guy, Ernie thought. His date stood him up. Ernie could
sympathize; he'd been in situations like that himself. Of course,
this guy did have an unusual problem.
     "I know," the Fly continued. "It's my looks, right?" His
antennae drooped sadly. "One little accident, and there goes your
whole social life."
     Ernie felt awkward. What was he expected to say in a situation
like this?
     Nothing, apparently, for the Fly went on: "I mean, I've got a
nice personality, I'm intelligent, I'm a fun guy, you know? I got
a good job, a nice car, I paid a lotta money for this suit." He
fingered the expensive silk lapels. "But girls nowadays, do they
care? Naw, all they care about is looks!" The Fly continued
animatedly. He really seemed to appreciate the opportunity to get
all of this off his chest. "I mean, I go into a bar, you know, not
one of those sleazy places, but a nice singles spot, where the
drinks cost like five bucks each, you know? I figure, maybe I can
meet some nice girls here. So, I see some cute chick, I try to
start up a conversation, and, like, does she even give me a chance?
Hell, no! I mean, she doesn't even wait to find out, like, what I'm
all about or anything. It's just `gasp, scream, faint,' `gasp,
scream, faint,' the same old thing over and over again. I mean,
what kind of a way is that to behave?  Don't girls have any manners
anymore?" He sighed. "Looks. All they care about is looks."
     "Gee, that's...too bad," Ernie really didn't know what to say.
     "Thanks, guy," the Fly answered. "I really appreciate it. I
don't get to talk to too many people around here, you know?"
     A disturbing thought occurred to Ernie. "Is this guy okay?" he
whispered to Captain Memory. "I mean, he's not an alien or
anything, is he?"
     "Oh, no," laughed Captain Memory. "He's the Fly! You saw the
movie, didn't you?"
     "Well, yeah," admitted Ernie. "But I thought it was, well, a
movie!"
     "You see?" replied Captain Memory. "I told you it could be
worse. At least you're trapped in Cyperspace as yourself. He's
trapped as the Fly!"
     Ernie had to admit that the Captain was right about that.
Still, it didn't make him fell much better.
     "Anyway," continued Captain Memory, looking at the Fly. "The
aliens are much prettier."
     "I say," said Sterno to the Fly. "You wouldn't happen to have
a cigar on you by any chance, would you?"
     "Sure, guy," the Fly pulled out an expensive gold cigar case
and flipped it open. 
     Sterno removed a cigar and examined it. "Lovely!" He seemed
very pleased. "Havana, no less! Thanks ever so much!"
     "Hey, my pleasure," The Fly seemed to enjoy the opportunity to
show off his fine-quality things. It seemed to Ernie that the Fly
had gone to a lot of trouble to get the best of everything, but
didn't have much opportunity to impress people with it.
      "Are we going to be leaving here soon?" Sterno inquired of
Captain Memory. "It is awfully damp in here, and it rather bothers
my sinuses."
     Ernie shivered. The dampness was getting to him, too. Wearing
only a loincloth as he was, he had little protection from the
chill.
     "Hey, I like the loincloth, guy," the Fly said to Ernie.
"That`s the new `in' thing, right? Maybe I'll get one. You think
the girls would go for it?" Ernie didn't know how to reply.
     "Well, I guess there's no point in hanging around here much
longer," Captain Memory decided. "After all, there's no TV."
     "You guys gonna leave?" The Fly seemed crestfallen, or
perhaps, antenna-fallen. "But you just got here!" He brightened.
"Hey, you guys are gonna go someplace fun, right? Can I come? Huh?
Can I?"
     "Well..." Captain Memory began.
     "Do you know how we can get out of here?" Sterno inquired.
     "Hey, no problem!" answered the Fly. "You can take the 5:15
out of LaGuardia, and that'll get you there in about, oh, two hours
forty minutes, but if you want the special rate you gotta stay from
Sunday through Saturday but not any Mondays, or you can take the
6:25 out of O'Hare, but then you gotta..."
     "What about the door?" Ernie broke in.
     "Oh." The Fly was disappointed. He enjoyed showing off his
detailed knowledge of travel arrangements. "Yeah, well, there's
always the door."
     Ernie looked at the door. It was made of heavy steel, and
seemed to be secure bolted. "So, how do we open it?"
     "Just knock." The Fly seemed to think this was all too simple,
and therefore not very much fun.
     Ernie knocked. He heard the sound of a bolt being thrown back,
and the door creaked open. Outside were two burly guards in black
Nazi SS uniforms. "Ja?"
     "Uh, is it okay if we go now?" Ernie asked brightly.
     "NEIN!" The door slammed.
     "Oh, not like that!" The Fly seemed impatient. "You gotta use,
like, subterfuge, you know? Here, I'll show you!" The Fly was
pleased to have another opportunity to show off his expertise at
something. He knocked on the door.
     The door creaked open again. "Ja?"
     "I gotta go to the bathroom!" the Fly said urgently.
     The guards looked at each other. "Vhat are ve supposed to do
now? Dey didn't tell us vhat to do if dis happened." They looked
hesitant. "Vell, I don't know. I don't tink so..."
     Sensing failure, the Fly quickly switched tactics. "Hey,
look!" he cried, pointing past the guards. "A naked lady!"
     "Vhere?! VHERE?!" cried the guards, peering into the distance.
The Fly threw his entire weight against the door, which flew open.
"RUN!" he cried to the others. He sprinted toward center stage,
followed by Ernie, Sterno, and Captain Memory.
     A startled von Liederkranz was on center stage, trying to
flirt with the chorus girls. "Guards!" he cried. "Don't let dem get
avay!" He grabbed the nearest weapon, which, in this case happened
to be an alien Blaster of unknown properties. He aimed it at the
foursome, who were sprinting towards a door marked "EXIT". "Shtop,
or I'll shoot!" Von Liederkranz threatened. The four continued to
run. Von Liederkranz pulled the trigger.
      A huge ball of magneto-gravitational energy flashed from the
muzzle of the Blaster, instantly hurtling Ernie and the others into
a totally different Space-Time Continuum. 
     Von Liederkranz looked ruefully at the Blaster, and then at
the smoking hole in the stage where the foursome had been only a
nanosecond earlier. "Vell," von Liederkranz admitted. "Perhaps dot
vasn't der best veapon to use."
                              Chapter 3
     Ernie, Captain Memory, Sterno, and the Fly sat on a rocky
crag, overlooking a lifeless purple sea. They watched the waves
crash against the rocks beneath them.
     Ernie sighed. "So, where are we now?"
     "Well, as far as I can figure out," said Captain Memory
thoughtfully. "We seem to have been blasted back to somewhere on
the order of four billion B.C. Life has not evolved yet on Earth."
     "Huh?" said Ernie. "You mean, we traveled in time?"
     "Of course not," the Captain replied. "What really happened is
that we got sent to another sector of Cyberspace. Probably by
accident." Captain Memory looked around. "After all, I can't see
any reason for Von Liederkranz to have sent us here on purpose!"
     Ernie looked out over the purple waves. "So, where ARE we? I
mean, really?"
     Captain Memory thought a moment. "We're probably in somebody's
Geology program. You know, like computer models of primeval Earth?"
He looked at the barren landscape. "While we didn't actually travel
in time, it's almost as if we did. This is like actually being on
Earth at the beginning of life."
     Wow, thought Ernie. That's really cosmic.
     The Fly looked at the bare rocks around them. "You know, man,
this place is, like, really dead."
     "Exactly," Captain Memory agreed.
     "I mean," the Fly went on. "There is, like, no girls. None at
all."
     "That's right."
     "So, like, what good is it?"
     Captain Memory thought a moment. "Good question."
     Ernie watched the orange sun, in a green sky, which was slowly
setting against a purple sea. "This is really a weird scene," he
commented. "I have never seen anything like this. Not even on TV."
He thought about that for a moment. "Not even on TV? Why, that
could mean that there's..."
     "No TV," Captain Memory agreed. "Not much reason to stay here
then, is there?"
     Ernie noticed a motion out of the corner of his eye. "I'm not
sure you ought to throw those cigar butts on the ground here," he
said to Sterno.
     Sterno looked annoyed. "Why in the world not?"
     "Well, I don't know that much about this," Ernie said. "But it
seems to me I read somewhere that the further you go back in time,
the more effect your actions have on the future. Therefore, if we
make even little changes way back here in four billion B.C., it
might have some kind of real big effect by the time we get back to
our own time."
     "Utterly ridiculous," scoffed Sterno, flicking cigar ash into
the sea."This isn't REALLY four billion B.C., it's only a computer
model of four billion B.C."
     "Well, yeah," Ernie admitted uneasily. "But the Captain said
that this was almost the same as really being there. And, I dunno,
I just have a real bad feeling about those cigar butts." 
     "Really." Sterno looked totally bored. "I just can't tell you
how concerned that makes me." He yawned.
     "Well, well, I just don't think it's a good idea, that's all."
     "Well, you know how it goes," said Captain Memory jovially.
"It's all just six of one, twelve dozen of another."
     Ernie frowned. "I don't think that's right.
     "Isn't it? Oh well," said Captain Memory cheerily. "Math was
never one of my strong points. Anyway, no time to worry about that
now. Let's be off, shall we?"  He though a moment. "Let's try some
Machine Language: 010F E4 61." The scene vanished.
                           *    *    *
     The foursome found themselves standing in the middle of a road
in bright sunlight. Once again, Ernie blinked and staggered, his
stomach doing flip-flops. As his vision cleared, He could see
around him what appeared to be an idyllic country scene. A rustic
rail fence bordered the road. Beyond the fence stood farms,
surrounded by fields full of amber waves of grain. In the distance
stood majestic purple mountains. Ernie turned around. Behind them
lay a broad plain. Ernie was pretty sure there was fruit on it.
     "I wonder where we are?" the Fly asked.
     Sterno looked around. "Kansas?" he suggested.
     Ernie began to get that queasy feeling in the pit of his
stomach again. A look down confirmed his worst fears: the road was
yellow brick.
     "I don't think I like this," said Ernie warily.
     Sterno rolled his eyes upward. "You never like anything!"
     Ernie tried to explain. "Well, you see..."
     "I know, I know," Sterno interrupted. "You have a really bad
feeling about this. You've seen it all before. You think it's a
trap."
     Ernie thought a moment. "Well...yeah."
     Sterno sighed. "You know, this is all becoming really
tiresome. I do SO wish you'd find something else to go on about!"
     Ernie thought a moment. Suddenly, he smiled broadly. "Hey, I
get it! This is all really just a game, right?"
     Sterno moaned. "Not THAT again!" Even Captain Memory looked
annoyed.
     The Fly was confused. "Like, what is this guy talking about?"
