     "Oh, and in the mean time," Disgusting Sword told Ringman,
"You might want to replace the main section of your plate mail
with the Invulnerable Coat of Arnd."
                                #
     Ridiculous Sword heard them entering through the keep's
drawbridge (Disgusting Sword usually lowered it by using her
unseen servant) and saw them through the open door of her room. 
"Oh, hi D.S.," she said, taking her hands out of Jimmy's pants. 
"You're right, puberty's lots of fun!"
     Disgusting Sword stepped aside and pulled Peter Perfect into
Ridiculous Sword's view from behind Ringman.  Peter's arms were
still out stiff in front of him.  "R.S., we have to talk."
     Ridiculous Sword puzzled at the charmed paladin in front of
her.  Fiddling with her medallion of ESP, she had the answer in
six seconds.  "So this is Peter Perfect, eh?  Um, why'd you take
him out of The Dungeon?"
     "We didn't take him out," Disgusting Sword told her.  "He
escaped over nine years ago."
     "Nine . . . ye . . ."
     Disgusting Sword shrugged.  "I didn't even hear about it
until this morning.  It's a good thing dad decided to mention it
to me."
     "Like I said," Ringman explained, "I thought you knew!"
     "And . . . what's he been doing for those nine-plus years?"
     Disgusting Sword nudged Peter Perfect with her elbow.  "Tell
her what you told me."
     "You-mean-about-how-I-made-a-deal-with-Tiamat-to-inject-a-
seed-of-evil-into-Sick-Sword's-womb-while-she-was-pregnant-with-
Gross-Sword?"
     Ridiculous Sword's jaw just about dropped to the floor.
     "Yes, that's it," Disgusting Sword told him.
     "I-made-a-deal-with-Tiamat-to-inject-a-seed-of-evil-into-
Sick-Sword's-womb-while-she-was-pregnant-with-Gross-Sword," Peter
told them.
     "That's what I thought he said," Jimmy commented.
     "So that means," Ridiculous Sword figured, "Gross Sword was
drawn toward evil by an outside agent.  It _wasn't_ all mom's
fault!  I _knew_ it!"
     "Why did you make such a deal," Disgusting Sword asked the
clean-shaven mind-controlled paladin.
     "It-was-in-our-mutual-interests.  Tiamat-got-to-spread-evil-
all-over-the-multiverse-and-I-got-to-have-my-revenge-against-the-
woman-who-destroyed-the-IUDC.  And-her-husband."
     "And how did you manage to keep your paladinhood?" Jimmy
asked.
     'Silly question,' Ringman thought.
     "Silly-question," Peter bleated.  "I-did-it-for-the-sake-of-
perpetuating-my-ideal-of-lawful-goodness."
     "Which is?"
     "Live-and-let-live . . . unless-you-don't-agree-with-them."
     "Say, Ringman," a voice from Peter Perfect's side cut in. 
It was Prometheus.  "Since my master is in no shape to kill
anything, how's about you and me teaming up again?"
     Ringman put his fists to his hips.  "Why Prometheus, what a
_wonderful_ fair-weather friend you are!"  He pointed out the
nearest glassee spell -- er, window.  "See that pool over there? 
Well, it's really fresh water, and a quick dip now might be
refreshing!"
     "You sure you don't want me?" the holy avenger pleaded. 
"I'm +6 now!"
     "And how did you manage that?"
     "Easy.  Peter Perfect just shucked out the 20 000 extra gold
pieces and had me upgraded."
     "Go disappear in a puff of logic," Ringman cursed it.
     "Fine," the holy avenger replied, "I'll take that as a no
for now."
     "Hmmph," Disgusting Sword noted.  "If Prometheus were an
artifact I'd give it the humble ant treatment."
     Ridiculous Sword totally ignored their sidetrack.  She was
too deep in thought about the nine-year-old news she'd just
received.  "How many times have I been in conference with the
gods?  How many times have I asked my contact-other-plane or
vision spells if there's anything unusual going on?"  She read
Ringman's mind briefly.  "Limbo, even Melnic the Loud's bard
university knew about what Peter did to mom!  Why did everybody
keep it a secret?!"
     "Hey," Jimmy perked up, "Maybe there was a conspiracy going
on against you!"
     "What makes you say that?" Disgusting Sword asked.
     "'Cause then you could go out and find the conspirators and
HACK THEM TO PIECES!  Wham!  Wham!  Die, die, die!"
     Ridiculous Sword waved his gestures aside.  "No, God II damn
it, there has to be a reason!  In the months that I've been a
disgusting character I've contacted just about every deity known
to man and humanoid, good, evil, lawful, chaotic, or otherwise. 
Supreme beings who hate each other don't just conspire to
withhold information from the most powerful force of lawful good
in the multiverse!"
     "Or the second most powerful force of lawful good in the
multiverse," Disgusting Sword interjected.
     "Just the same, we should have heard _something_ about it! 
Hmmmm, I wonder . . . the fact that we _didn't_ know gave Gross
Sword time to be able to do all the sick, disgusting, gross,
ridiculous, unbelievable things he's done without our butting in
until it was too late.  Some greater force out there _wanted_
Gross Sword to get to my power level.  Maybe if we knew more
about why, we could find out how to bring our dear 3/4-brother
down."
     Jimmy puzzled.  "But if the gods won't talk to you --"
     "The Happy Hunting Grounds the gods won't talk to me!" 
Ridiculous Sword stammered.  "I'll _make_ them talk!"
     And without another word, the most powerful force of lawful
good in the multiverse amulet-of-the-planesed out of there.
                                #
     She emerged on the plane of Gladsheim.  This was the outer
plane of chaotic good neutrals and, like most of the outer
planes, was multi-layered.  The first level of Gladsheim, and the
only level touching the astral plane, was named Asgard; the
second, which housed the dead warrior heroes brought there by the
valkyries (along with a few fire giants), was named Muspelheim;
and the third, where the Norse gods reigned, was named
Nidavellir.  Unlike the other outer planes, the three layers of
Gladsheim were connected to each other by two rainbow bridges. 
Ridiculous Sword approached the first bridge.
     A very large, flaming battle axe came down and blocked her
path.  "Halt!" the axe's owner demanded, showing off his gold
teeth, "Who goes there?!"
     "Oh, come on Heimdall, don'tcha recognize me?"
     Heimdall gulped.  "Ridiculous Sword?  Wh-wh-what do you want
here?"
     "I want to go to Nidavellir and see ol' papa smurf."
     Heimdall cleared his throat threateningly.  "No one as
lawful as yourself may cross this rainbow bridge without first
crossing Heimdall!"
     "Now really, do you think a wimpy +3 battle axe like that
one is going to stand a chance against me?"
     "How did you know my axe was +3?"
     "Easy, it's the strongest kind of battle axe the Other Book
of Infinite Wisdom lists on its miscellaneous magic weapons
tables.  Now let me in."
     "No!"
     Ridiculous Sword blinked her eyes and dimension doored to
the other side of the bridge.  "Looks like you don't have much
choice in the matter," she shouted back to him, and departed
forty-two seconds later.
     The rainbow bridge leading from Muspelheim to Nidavellir
didn't have any picky old guard on it, so she didn't bother
wasting one of her 399 remaining fourth-level spells on it. 
However, there was a god on the other side with long blond hair
and a great big magic war hammer in his hands, wearing gauntlets
of ogre power and a girdle of giant strength, riding on a chariot
drawn by two trained attack goats, who was spouting curses at
her.
     "Odds and forsooth!" the blond-haired god thundered, "I
knowest not how ye managed to pass by Heimdall at yon Bifroest
Bridge, but ye had better get thine buns back to where thou
camest from or know the wrath of my magick war hammer of
thunderbolts, Mjolnir!"
     "I don't think Clerasil would like you using his hammer,"
Ridiculous Sword pointed out.
     "You dare to mock the God of Thunder?!  Eateth hot lightning
bolts, lawful slime!"  He pointed his Mjolnir at Ridiculous Sword
and pulled the trigger.
     She made her saving throw (that is, she didn't roll a "1")
and easily jutted her hips to one side.  The bolt missed her.
     "So, thou thinkest thou canst escapeth my wrath just because
thou art a monk and taketh no damage from an attack if thou makst
thy saving throw!  Well, that'll not save thee from Mjolnir's
adamantite-alloyed steel head!"
     The thunder god cocked back his right arm and swung his
hammer a mighty blow.  Ridiculous Sword drew her two main
weapons, parried Mjolnir with her Ridiculous Hand Axe, and jutted
the Ridiculous Broadsword to within a mil of the blond god's
neck.  "That wasn't very polite," she told him.
     "Um, er, uh -- phhh," the God of Thunder groped for words as
he blew some blond hair out of his face.
     Ridiculous Sword took the sword away.  "Thank you," she
said, and walked over toward Odin's Place at a leisurely 2560
feet per second.
     Odin's Place had a colossal pink neon sign over the
drawbridge that read, "By invitation only."  Ridiculous Sword got
out a little piece of fleece, ground it between her 25* strength
palms, blew the fleece dust at the sign, and chanted the ancient
mystical words, "Permanent illusion!"  That being done, she leapt
over the moat and smashed through the adamantite-reinforced
drawbridge.
     Odin turned from his wife Frigga, with whom he was having a
dreadful argument, and shouted, "Who dares smash a human-shaped
hole through my drawbridge?!!"
     Ridiculous Sword snapped her fingers and centered a
continual light spell two feet above her head.  "Me."
     "And who art thou?"
     "Ridiculous Sword, the most powerful force of lawful good in
the multiverse."
     Odin was furious.  "I didn't invite you!"
     "Take another look at your sign."
     Odin peered through the window at the pink glowing letters. 
Sure enough, the sign now read, "By invitation only unless your
name happens to be Ridiculous Sword."
     "Upstarts and robes!" Odin cursed.  "I'll show thee who's
boss in Gladsheim!"  He walked over to one wall of the chamber
and grabbed on to a cross-brace several feet across which had a
barrel glued to it.  He pulled.  The cross-brace moved slowly
away from the wall and exposed more and more of a thick sheet of
polished metal.  The sheet was long and narrow and had sharp
edges.  It was about ten feet out of the wall before Ridiculous
Sword realized that the cross-brace was actually a hilt, the
barrel was actually a grip, and the sheet of metal was actually
the blade to the biggest sword she had ever seen, bar none.
     When Odin finally finished drawing his sword from the wall,
it was about twenty-five feet long and must have weighed well
over half a ton.
     "What's that," Ridiculous Sword asked, "A twelve-handed
sword?"
     "Avast ye, yon varlet, hast thou not heard of the
Odinsword?!"
     "I thought you normally used Gungnir, the spear with the
never-ceasing thrust."
     "A man can only keep thrusting for so long, thou knowst; and
besides, if I use the Odinsword I can do more damage that way!"
     Odin swooshed the gigantic sword around the room at
Ridiculous Sword.  As she ducked, Ridiculous Sword wondered if
_that_ sword shouldn't have been named after her; she hadn't the
foggiest idea how Odin kept it balanced.  The first sword hack
whooshed harmlessly over her head and nearly hit Frigga, whom
Odin may have been aiming at as well for all she knew.
     It would take Odin about two minutes to finish following
through on that swing and hack at them again in the opposite
direction; that would be more than enough time for Ridiculous
Sword to do her thing.  She rushed up to Odin the Head God,
grabbed the Odinsword out of his hands, broke it in two across
her leg, slapped him harshly on the wrist, shook her finger at
him, and declared, "Tch tch tch, naughty boy, didn't your mother
ever tell you not to play with knives?"
     And with that, both Odin and Frigga fainted.
     Ridiculous Sword had Odin back on his feet within eighteen
seconds.  "Now tell me," she demanded, "Why didn't you tell me
about Peter Perfect's pact with Tiamat to taint the baby in Sick
Sword's womb?"
     Odin shrugged.  "D-D-D-Dungeon Master's orders!  No telling
the player characters anything about Peter Perfect.  Honest,
that's all I know!"
     Ridiculous Sword stared him warily in the eye and cast a
detect lie spell on him.  The green spot over his head meant that
he was telling the truth.  She sighed.  "I guess I'll have to try
some other outer planes then.  But one more question: just what
in the universe is a player character?"
                                #
     And try some other outer planes she did.  Olympus was like
Gladsheim all over again, what with Zeus, Hera, and Ares being
dead ringers for Odin, Frigga, and Thor; it was also as fruitless
as the Norse plane.  She throttled a few greater devils she found
running around in Acheron, but they only gave her the same sob
story.  On the Happy Hunting Grounds it seemed that the only word
the natives knew how to speak was "How."  She broke some of the
inhabitants of Nirvana out of their meditative stupors and looked
into their minds, but all that got her were pictures of the back
walls of their skulls.  The boss, tyrant, king, and queen of the
elemental planes of earth, fire, water, and air were likewise
uninformed.  Even going up into the face of God II, her own deity
on the seventh layer of Heaven, only got her a mild suntan.
     She materialized on the keep floor and rested her head on
her hands.
     Ringman turned to his newly-reappearing daughter with no
more feeling than if she'd just come back from going into town. 
He was almost used to this kind of stuff by now.  "How'd it go?"
he asked.
     Ridiculous Sword _could_ have just said, "I learned
absolutely nothing," and been done with it, but instead she fired
up her telepathic projection and compressed every detail of the
last two hours into a six-second-long beam aimed at Ringman's
cerebral cortex.  Ringman got the message, all right, in a very
forceful way.
     "Wow," he said.
     "Not used to seeing things through the eyes of your ten-
year-old daughter, eh?" Ridiculous Sword asked him.
     "Not in the slightest.  I'm also not exactly used to seeing
things through the eyes of a disgusting character."
     "Say, speaking of disgusting characters, have you read the
new paladin rules in the Other Book of Infinite Wisdom?"
     "In the _Other_ Book of Infinite Wisdom?" Ringman inquired.
     "Sure, you know, the one with the picture of the brass-
headed alchemist looking googoo-eyed at a tome on the front
cover."
     "Um, is this something I'm supposed to know about?"
     "It's _only_ the official upgrade to both the Book of
Infinite Wisdom _and_ the Book of Finite Wisdom as authorized by
the Dungeon Master."
     "Oh.  No, I haven't seen the upgraded paladin rules."
     "Well then," Ridiculous Sword smiled, hauling out her copy. 
"For starters, you're no longer a sub-class of fighters.  You're
now a sub-class of this other class called a cavalier.  And since
cavaliers don't have any prime requisite, you don't get any 10%
experience point bonuses anymore."
     "Oh," Ringman worried.  He checked his tally.  "No problem;
I'm still ninth level with fifty-five thousand points to spare."
     "You also get to train your strength, dexterity,
constitution, and charisma every time you gain a level until
they're all 18's (or 18/00's); are immune to fear; project a
protection from fear aura in a 10 foot radius; can vault into the
saddle and have your horse underway in six seconds flat; ride
your horse at 20 yards per minute faster than normal, not
counting horseshoes of speed; remain conscious all the way down
to negative however many hit points you had at first level; have
90% immunity to any mental magic, including a psionic blast; and,
since you're ninth level, are at +2 to hit and +9 to damage with
mounted lance and +1 to hit with long sword."
     Ringman gaped.  "You mean, I have this globe of anti-fear
emanating from my body --" the air within ten feet of him
suddenly glowed a dim grey; "-- can hit better with my holy sword
--" he could almost feel his hack and thrust improve; "-- and by
now would have maxed out on my dexterity --" his new and improved
nerve endings gave him a buzz; "-- my constitution --" his torso
bulged out to accommodate the extra 9 hit points; "-- my now
_full_ ogre strength --" his musculature broadened and toughened;
"-- and my charisma --" a phantom breeze swept his hair back in a
gentle rolling curve; "-- all because somebody decided to change
the rules again?"
     "You bet!  I keep my mind's eye peeled for those kinds of
things all the time.  Heck, I wouldn't even have gotten that
extra fifth level druid spell, those two extra sixth level druid
spells, or those three extra seventh level druid spells if I
hadn't heard that druids can now go all the way to 15th level and
become the Grand Druid; in fact, they can go all the way to 23rd
level as a Hierophant and get all sorts of neat interplanar
powers."
     "Although you get to cast six more levels worth of druid
spells if you stay a Grand Druid!" Disgusting Sword called out
from the next room.
     "And not only that," she whipped a magazine out of one of
her portable holes, "The special Other Book of Infinite Wisdom
supplementary issue of Dragon & Dragrace says that weapons
masters can specialize or double specialize in a single melee
weapon just like fighters and rangers can.  They get their
number-of-attacks-per-minute entry shifted to the next better
category with this weapon, and get +1 to hit and +2 to damage
with it -- +3 to-hit and damage if they double specialize.  And
of course these to-hit bonuses add into their armor class when
they're actively parrying just like all their other hundred or so
bonuses do."
     "Oh, wow.  So now you're even more disgusting, is that
right?"
     "Hey, I get 15 attacks per minute with any of my Ridiculous
weapons -- 18 per minute with my Ridiculous Hand Axe, which I
retroactively double specialized in.  I also retroactively gave
the Axe some powers from the new magic weapons they have in
there.  Even the new +6 Prometheus is an official weapon type
since they added +6 defenders and holy avengers to the magic
swords tables.  See this?"  She whipped out an ordinary-looking
spoon.  "This ordinary-looking spoon is a spoon of stirring. 
Stir any potion with it and if you're _real_ lucky, the potion
comes out at _twice_ normal strength.  Not just 150%
effectiveness, twice normal strength.  Oh, and I almost forgot,
you have another character ability to worry about now:
comeliness."
     "Comeliness?  What's that, the chance I have of co--"
     "Er, no no no no no; comeliness is how good looking you are. 
Hey, Disgusting Sword," she called out, "How many dice does
Ringman get to roll up his comeliness with?"
     Disgusting Sword walked in carrying her personal copy of the
Other Book of Infinite Wisdom.  She flipped to page 74.  "Um,
well, since his other six abilities are already rolled up, either
4d6 discarding the lowest die or 3d6 six times choosing the best
roll of the six."  She looked up at Ringman.  "Too bad, you'd get
to roll 5d6 and discard the lowest two dice if you were a pure
cavalier."
     Ridiculous Sword took out four dice and rolled them across
the floor.  They came up 6, 6, 2, and 1.  "Fourteen," she told
him, "Plus 3 for having a charisma of 18 makes 17 comeliness. 
Darn, you just missed the next higher category of attractiveness;
but you're pretty good-looking, though."
     Ringman glanced at his distorted reflection in the arm of
his +5 plate mail; then he looked back at them in disbelief.  "I
don't look a damn bit different!" he insisted.  "Do you mean that
if you had rolled four 1's my comeliness would be a . . . let's
see, a . . . five --"
     "Six," Ridiculous Sword corrected him.
     "Okay, a six, and that I would suddenly become homely?"
     "No, if I'd rolled four 1's I'd have rolled it over."
     "But that's cheating!"
     "No it isn't; it's good business practice."
     Ringman grumbled slightly.  Chivalry was fast becoming a
four-letter word.  "Well, at least I'm not excessively good
looking.  Um, what would happen to me if I were in that next
comeliness category?"
     "If you were in the 18 to 21 range, you'd fascinate
practically every woman you met and be the envy of most ordinary-
looking males.  As it is, though, you're just plain old run-of-
the-mill good-looking."
     'Fascinate practically every woman I met,' Ringman thought,
'And I missed it by one.  Hmm, I wonder if any of them could
measure up to Sick Sword?'
     "Oh, geez, I almost forgot," Ridiculous Sword expounded. 
"You got a couple more cavalier restrictions besides your normal
paladin ones."
     "More restrictions, oh great.  What do I have to give up
now?"
     "Well, first off, you _have_ to take a lance as your first
weapon of proficiency."
     "But I don't even have a lance!"
     "You do now."
     Ringman searched his memory.  He _did_ remember a lance being
stashed in one niche of his castle, although he couldn't remember
having put it there or even having remembered it before.  "Oh,
all right, I'll give up weapons familiarity with that light
crossbow of mine.  I never use it anyway."
     "And you have to prefer a dagger over a hand axe."
     "Don't tell me."  Ringman looked at the loop in his belt
where his +3 hand axe used to be.  In its place was a +4 dagger
of throwing.  He wondered briefly why it wasn't his old +2 dagger
that was +3 only against larger-than-man-sized opponents, until
he remembered that the Other Book of Infinite Wisdom had created
a few more miscellaneous magic weapons since then.  He had no
idea where the 1500 gold piece price difference between a +3 hand
axe and the cheaper +4 throwing dagger had gone. 
     "_And_ . . . you have to choose full or field plate armor
over plate mail, even if the plate armor is non-magical."
     "What?!" Ringman gasped.  He snatched the book from
Ridiculous Sword's hands and read the cavalier entry.  After his
eyes bugged out at what it said, he flipped over to the
description of new armor types.  He read to himself for a few
seconds, then looked up in dismay.  "My deity!  They want me to
replace _this_, this perfectly gallant-looking armor of adamantite
alloyed plate mail, with a tin suit that actually becomes one
armor class _worse_ if it absorbs too much damage?!"
     Disgusting Sword and Ridiculous Sword nodded in unison. 
"That's right."
     Ringman could feel the arms and legs of his armor vibrating. 
Ringman had a good idea of what was about to happen.  "Oh, no,"
he cursed, covering his face with his hands, "Not again."  He
took his hands away and gazed skyward.  "All right, get it over
with!"
     By the time he looked back down six seconds later, every
piece of plate mail on his body had become a mithral-alloyed
piece of full plate armor.
     "Mithral alloyed?" Ringman asked.  "But that's only +4."
     "Only plus four, he says!" Ridiculous Sword snickered. 
"This coming from the man who absolutely refuses to wear a girdle
of titan strength?"
     "But doesn't mithral-alloyed full plate armor cost mucho
gold pieces?"
     "You got a discount from not getting the full suit.  And
1500 gold pieces worth of credit from exchanging your hand axe. 
Besides," she turned a small fragment of a million-gold-piece gem
to the light, "We covered the difference."
     "And anyways," Disgusting Sword noted, "With +4 full plate,
after it absorbs its 90-damage-point limit, you'll be exactly the
same armor class you were in +5 plate mail."
     Ridiculous Sword shrugged.  "We could have got you +6 pure
adamantite full plate, but that wasn't on the treasure list in
the Other Book of Infinite Wisdom, and we _know_ how you can't
stand to bend the rules."
     "Oh, _thank_ you _ever_ so much for sparing me the
embarrassment!  I think I'll go take a bath in Crysglass lake now
for a year or two to see if mithral alloyed steel can rust."
     "Awh, don't be so sore.  Just think: now you can stay
conscious all the way down to -16 hit points."
     Ringman did a double-take.  "But I only had 13 hit points at
first level."
     "Not any more you didn't.  You get a d10 _plus_ three hit
points at level one, in addition to your constitution bonus."
     "Oh, but then I should have had 17 hit points at 1st level,
because my constitution just went up to 18."
     "No, your constitution didn't make it up to 18 until you
were third level."
     "Oh, well, forgive me for not remembering something that
never happened to me!  Geez!"
     "My, aren't we in a testy mood today."  Ridiculous Sword
pulled a glass full of a smoky-colored liquid out of her ethereal
cooler.  "Here, drink this.  You'll feel better."
     "_Ohhhh_ no you don't," Ringman insisted, "I almost fell for
that last time!  What is it today, a double-strength permanent
potion of extra healing at 150% effectiveness?!"
     "No, no, no, nothing like that," Ridiculous Sword assured
him.  "And the 150% effectiveness bit isn't cumulative with the
twice-normal-strength thing anyway.  You just looked like you
could use a drink."
     Jimmy materialized by the side of the room.  He had just
gone through several spheres of annihilation (with some severe
magical protection) and was trying out his new psionic
disciplines.  Sometimes he couldn't stand having all these
powers, but usually he just thought they were neat.
     "No thank you," Ringman waved Ridiculous Sword's glass away,
"I'm not thirsty."
     "Well, I sure am!" Jimmy interrupted, walking toward the
center of the room.  "If you won't drink this, I will."  He took
the glass from Ridiculous Sword's hands and swallowed it down. 
It was good enough for him to lick his chops and wipe his mouth
on his sleeve.  "Mmmm, that tasted great!  What was it?"
     "A permanent potion of invulnerability at twice normal
strength," Ridiculous Sword told him in a perfectly level voice.
     Jimmy gazed down at the glass, then down at the floor, said,
"Oh," and strolled slowly out of the room.
                                #
     "Only one more permanent potion to go, Jimmy," Ridiculous
Sword told him, pouring the contents of her +6 bowl of potion
mixing back into its original decanter.  "Oil of acid resistance. 
Take off all your clothes."
     Jimmy eyed her warily for a moment until he was sure she
didn't want to play doctor with him, then stripped bare. 
Ridiculous Sword immediately began rubbing the acidproof liquid
over every exposed portion of his body.  She lingered briefly
around his groin when she got there, but then moved on.
     "Here, Jimbo, you'll have to drink a little of it too."
     Jimmy shrugged, took a mouthful from the container as she
handed it to him, and swallowed it with a grimace.  "Oh, God II,
is that stuff bitter!"
     "Of course it's bitter.  This is the most powerful antacid
known to man and god alike.  Now your mouth's been coated, and so
has your throat, and your stomach.  Within about nine hours,
it'll have gone all the way through your digestive tract and
you'll be acid-proof on the inside from both ends.  You'll never
get an ulcer and never have to worry about heartburn again."
     "Heartburn. . . . That sounds like the title of an evil
magic-user spell or something."
     "It does at that, doesn't it?  Okay, now, I'm gonna put a
drop in each eye.  It'll sting for a couple seconds."
     "Don't worry," Jimmy said, tensing up every muscle in his
body and straining his voice, "I can take it!"
     She let one drop fall into his left eye, then his right,
after each of which Jimmy blinked almost uncontrollably.  Within
a few seconds his eyes felt normal again, and by that time
Ridiculous Sword had already finished coating the back of his
neck and was working the oil into his left ear.
     "So, R.S.," Jimmy began, trying to take his mind off of his
fifth rub-down that day, "If the gods can't give you any answers
as to why they wouldn't give you any answers, where'll you go
next?"
     "I'm not sure," she commented, acid-proofing his chest. 
"The gods were all hushed up about it for some reason.  I figure
it's because they had to answer to a higher station.  I need to
find someone who doesn't have to answer to anybody, someone on
another plane who gets in on all the interplanar poop and yet
isn't bothered by godly protocols."
     "Oh," he chuckled, "You mean like Omnion?"
     "Omnion," Ridiculous Sword said, rolling the idea around in
her mind.  "Omnion," she repeated.  "She just might know. . . ."
     "Oh, you are _not_ serious!" Jimmy quavered.
     "You bet I am.  Let's get Disgusting Sword and we'll all
meet her on the first plane of Hell."
     "C-c-c-couldn't we just send her a postcard?"
     "Mail hasn't been invented yet."
     "Then couldn't you use one of your extraplanar powers to
contact her from here?"
     "She might not believe it's us."
     "Then you could _make_ her believe it."
     "Nope, there ain't no other way around it.  I might need to
be there to cast just the right spell on her or something."
     "So why do _I_ have to come along?"
     "For the educational experience."  She finished coating his
Achilles heels with the oil.  "Now come on."
     One minute and forty-two seconds later, Ringman, Disgusting
Sword, Ridiculous Sword, and Jimmy all materialized in the first
layer of Hell.
     The place gave new meaning to the word hothouse.  200 to 300
degrees was the likely temperature, and the ground stank of
burning sulfur.  Vaguely humanoid blobs, the "lemures" which all
(or nearly all) new recruits in Hell got turned into, littered
the ground as far as the horizon stretched.  Every twelve feet or
so an orcish-looking devil with a whip and a trident punctuated
the sea of lemures.
     "Now Jimmy and Ringman, watch out for the devil taskmasters. 
You two might be fire resistant, but you're not fire immune.  At
least not without being within twenty feet of that Sick Sword or
any of our artifacts.  You _especially_ be careful, Jimmy; you're
only first-level with only 14 hit points."
     "How come I'm fire resistant?" Ringman asked.
     Ridiculous Sword and Disgusting Sword chanted, "The
Invulnerable Coat of Arnd."
     An orc-like taskmaster stopped beating up on one of his
lemures and noticed the new arrivals.  "Hey, who the here are
you?!"
     "That's none of your business," Ridiculous Sword told him.
     The orc-devil sniffed briefly in their direction.  "You're
. . . you're all lawful _good_!  Why, I ought to --"
     Ridiculous Sword and Disgusting Sword pulled out their holy
symbols and shouted "BEGONE!" at practically the same time.  The
devil turned black with fear and ran away with its barbed tail
between its legs.
     Jimmy turned to the lemure the devil had been beating. 
"Have you seen Omnion?" he asked it.
     "Uhhwuuuwuuwwuuuuuhpthhhht," the lemure replied,
accidentally spitting up some internal glop.
     Jimmy wiped the ectoplasm off.  "Ewwwwwww," he commented. 
"Forgot those things barely have minds."
     "No problem," Ridiculous Sword reassured him, "I see her."
     Six seconds later, everyone else saw her too.  She wasn't a
lemure at all.  She was just plain old Omnion -- stripped of all
her magic items, of course, but still the same Omnion Ringman had
slain eleven years hence.  She was stooped over a rather large
basin, moving something in her hands back-and-forth against a
rough board.  Suds covered whatever it was in her hands and the
interior of the basin.
     Our four heroes walked toward her rather cautiously. 
Several dark-shaded somethings were piled in a heap behind her;
the back and top ends of the pile were lost in the darkness. 
Omnion saw them, wrinkled her forehead, and then smiled.  "Well,
hi, all you _lovely_ people.  I was wondering when you'd get
around to stopping by."
     Jimmy indicated the boundless mountain of stuff behind her. 
"What's the pile?"
     "What's the pile, he asks!  HA!  That's a good one!  'What's
the pile?'  _IT'S DIRTY LAUNDRY_!!  That's all I've been doing for
the last eleven years is DIRTY LAUNDRY!"  She wrung out the
devil-shaped shirt in her hands, threw it at the lemure next to
her, told it "Rinse!" just as she had for the past 132 months,
took a pair of pants down from The Pile and dunked it in her
basin.  "And just think, I only have 988 years to go.  Then I can
_really_ show Hell who's boss!"
     "No talking, slave!" a taskmaster shouted in her direction. 
"Back to work!"
     Omnion grabbed the taskmaster's collar with one hand and
drew him up to meet her gaze.
     "Omnion!" the guard yelped.  "I'm sorry, I, er, didn't
recognize you!"
     "Sorry isn't good enough," she said, tossed him in her
basin, scrubbed his head against her washing board, took him out,
broke him in half across her right leg, and flung his remains to
the far horizon thanks to her permanent potion of titan strength.
     "Oh, don't worry," she told our heroes, "They'll replace him
soon enough."  She took the pants in her basin in hand and began
scrubbing.  "And, uh, I'm _really_ sorry to hear about your
mother, little Sicklets.  And your parents too, Jimmy."  Her
sinister smile revealed her still-perfect 18 charisma -- er, 23
comeliness -- teeth.
     "So how come you have to put in 999 years of servitude?"
Ridiculous Sword asked her.
     Ringman counted on his fingers and mumbled to himself.  988
plus 11 was about 999, all right.  He never was much good at this
math thing.
     "_Why_?" Omnion blurted.  "Because you _have_ to!  _Everybody_
who gets sent to Hell has to take anywhere from a hundred to a
thousand years worth of torture, depending on how evil you were
while you were alive.  Since I was invulnerable to most of the
things they could throw at me, they assigned me to do Hell's
laundry for 999 years.  I was pretty pissed that they didn't
think I was worth the full millennium treatment."  She wrung the
pants out, threw them at the lemure next to her, told him to
"Rinse!," plucked a pair of smelly underwear from the pile, and
chucked it into her tub.
     "Yeah, but why do you _have_ to do it?"
     "Because they make me!"
     "But couldn't you just beat them all up?"
     "Sure I could."
     "Then why don't you break out of your predicament?"
     She sighed.  "They don't make me by _ordering_ me to do these
things.  When they assign you to do something, you _have_ to do
it.  You just plain have to.  It's one of the laws of nature in
this place, for crying out loud!  Now get out of here, unless you
have something important to do!"
     Ridiculous Sword folded her arms.  "Aren't you afraid we
might kill you?"
     "Kill me?  Heck, go ahead.  Non-existence sounds like a
welcome relief from _this_ monotonous lifestyle -- er,
deathstyle."
     "Laundry's that dull, huh?"
     "Well, it's not all that bad.  In another four-and-a-half
centuries or so they're going to invent the washing machine, and
I'll have more free time to do what I please.  But I still won't
be able to leave this plane.  Nope.  Un-uh.  Nosirree.  That's a
no-no.  No interplanar travel until your torture period is over 
-- not even to any of the deeper layers of Hell."
     "But you can _contact_ other planes, can't you?"
     "Oh, phhhh, _anybody_ can do _that_!"
     "Good.  There's been this sort-of news blanket over every
not-from-the-prime-material-plane creature we've talked to for
the past decade or so.  It seems the Dungeon Master didn't want
the gods to tell us about what Peter Perfect and Tiamat did to
our mom."
     Omnion grinned at their mentioning it.
     "I take it you know about Tiamat and her seed of evil,
then."
     "Oh, you bet," Omnion shot back.  "Heck, I could have told
you about it, even.  I could have told you everything.  But did
you once call up your --" she leered at Ringman "-- good buddy
Omnion and ask her, 'Hey, Omnion, is there anything going on that
we should know about?'  No!  You just thought your own petty
little deities and demigods would tell you everything!  Come _on_,
this is the thirteenth century, wake up and smell the adamantite! 
Do you honestly think God II is going to be perfectly honest with
you just because he's your deity?!"
     "He's not my deity," Ringman mumbled.
     "So, then," Ridiculous Sword got back on the main track, "Do
you know _why_ the Dungeon Master forbade the gods to chat with us
about it?"
     "Honey, if I knew why, I'd . . . I'd . . . I'd know why, I
guess."  She scrubbed the underpants.
     "Then do you have any idea why?"
     "You bet.  The Dungeon Master was making one of his usual
cruel and wanton proclamations."
     Ridiculous Sword's and Disgusting Sword's eyes bugged out.
     "Or maybe the D.M. was testing out his new hyperdimensional
transport inverter beam when it malfunctioned and caused all non-
material beings within a 700-plane radius to be unable to talk
about the event.  Or maybe the Big Referee accidentally stepped
on all the gods' brains and wiped out their speech centers for a
decade.  _I_ don't know!"
     Ridiculous Sword cast a charm person spell on her a few
times just to make sure.  She was indeed telling the truth.
     "Well, thanks anyway," she said, and prepared to leave.
     "Any time," Omnion sneered at her.  She watched them
dematerialize in a purple haze.
     "Hmmmph," she grumbled to herself, wringing out the undees. 
"Rasper the pit fiend thought he could rule Hell forever when
Wierd Dough vanquished all the arch-devils eleven years ago.  Ha! 
Only nine hundred eighty-eight years left; your days are
numbered."
                                #
     The halls of Sick Sword's small keep had not sounded so
quiet for years.  Nobody said anything to anyone else since
they'd gotten back.  Of course, part of that might have had to do
with the fact that Ringman, Disgusting Sword, and Jimmy all went
off to take a nap.
     Disgusting Sword found her sister sitting by the window,
staring out into space, with her head resting on her left palm. 
She had been like that for hours.  Disgusting Sword brought her
halfway out of her trance by telepathically asking her what was
going on.
     'Oh, nothing, as usual,' Ridiculous Sword thought back. 
'Nobody knows why Gross Sword's contamination was hushed up. 
Nobody in this whole multiverse knows.  Hardly any of them seem
to care.'
     'I care.  You care.'
     'Oh, sure, and why didn't our own deity care?  Why didn't
anyone say anything?  Didn't the forces of law and good give a
damn about what would happen to Sick Sword -- or to Bahamut?'
     'The important thing is that we know _now_, so we can prevent
him from killing any other supreme beings or from mass murdering
entire planar populations.'
     'Prevent him?  How?  Every time we find a new loophole in
the rules, so does he.  We can't even hit each other any more. 
He can do _anything_ he wants, and there's not a single force in
the multiverse that can stop him!'
     Ringman entered the room behind them and watched for a
while.  Not that you can really be behind anyone wearing a robe
of eyes, that is.
     'Not even Omnion knew anything,' Ridiculous Sword's
telepathization continued.  'There has to be a reason for all
this!!'
     A rather annoying clanking sound approached from the laundry
room.  Peter Perfect emerged into their room, carrying a laundry
basket as stiffly as he could manage.  With that adamantite full
plate armor, his stiffness, and his monotone voice, Peter would
have easily been mistaken for a robot had robots been invented
yet.  He set the basket down at Disgusting Sword's feet.  "Here-
you-are-master -- er, mistress.  I-made-sure-to-wash-your-robe-
of-the-archmagi-in-the-same-load-as-the-rest-of-the-white-
clothes."
     "Um, thanks," she said, lifting the white robe out of the
basket.  It crackled as she wrenched it free from its
environment.  Hmmmph.  A thousand years of medieval advancement
and they still hadn't figured out a way to get rid of static
cling.
     "Like I was thinking," Ridiculous Sword spake, "Like I've
_been_ thinking ever since I found out, there has to be _some_
reason the gods clammed up, and _somebody_ has to know it!"
     "Heck," Ringman interjected, "At this point it seems that
the only person who'd know is the Dungeon Master."
     Ridiculous Sword's head sank back into her hands.  "Yeah, I
know," she sighed.  "And I've even tried using the limited
omniscience power of my artifacts to find out.  Six times today
alone.  But every time I called up the Dungeon Master with _that_
particular question, I got his answering machine!  It's as though
even the D.M. is keeping it hidden."
     "Hey," Disgusting Sword snapped her fingers, "Maybe if you
talked with the Dungeon Master face-to-face!  The D.M. _couldn't_
back down then and might _have_ to tell you!  Maybe. . . ."
     Ridiculous Sword nodded solemnly.  "I've thought of that
myself.  But no one knows what the realm of the Dungeon Master is
like.  No one in history has even _seen_ the Big Referee and
returned to tell about it!  You can't exactly jaunt over to his
plane and chat with him, because he doesn't _have_ a plane in the
usual sense of the term.  Anybody who went to the Dungeon
Master's world would be outside of the multiverse as we know it
and completely at the D.M.'s mercy.  Still, it doesn't look like
we have much choice."
     Jimmy had overheard, too, and was overjoyed.  He bounded
into the room shouting, "Oh boy!  You're gonna go visit the
Dungeon Master!  Can I come along too?  I always imagined the
D.M. as this old guy wearing black-and-white stripes with a
whistle stuck in his mouth!"
     "No, you can't come along," Ridiculous Sword told him
firmly.  "You probably wouldn't survive for an attosecond.  And
I've always imagined the Dungeon Master as a female jailkeeper
with a huge keyring that locks and unlocks all these dungeon
doors."
     Disgusting Sword snorted.  "That's funny.  I've always seen
him as this three-foot-high gnome-looking guy with long white
hair, a huge bald spot, red robes, and a cabbage-patch face."
     "Whatever he looks like, I'm going to have to risk it.  I'll
take all my magic items and artifacts along with me, of course;
if any of them work against me in his realm I can always discard
them.  It never hurts to have a little insurance."  She paused. 
"If I weren't a paladin, I'd be really really scared."
     "I'm a paladin," Ringman said, "And I'm still scared."
     "Yeah, but neither you nor I can be affected by a fear
_spell_, at least."
     "Oh.  Hadn't thought of it that way."
     Ridiculous Sword exhaled once resignedly, and then once
again decisively.  She hauled out her amulet of the planes.  She
kicked in the vision spell from her Ridiculous Hand Axe.  She
cast commune, contact other plane, gate, and an astral spell,
then rubbed herself down with some oil of etherealness.  She
activated all six of her limited omniscience side effects at the
same time.  And finally, she chanted the mystic words, "Bric-a-
bracker, firecracker, sis boom bah / Dungeon Master, Dungeon
Master, rah, rah, rah!"
     And the multiverse collapsed into a big puddle around her.
     The scene looked like the usual long-and-drawn-out plane
travel special effects.  There were lots of pretty colors and
weird music playing on a 13th-century synthesizer in the
background.  She still felt her body clinging to the outside of
her spirit, just like always, but she couldn't see it.  Not even
with her permanent detect invisibility spell or her robe of eyes. 
She felt very alone, and very, very helpless.
     "What _will_ the Dungeon Master look like?" she tried to ask
herself.  It was in trying to speak that she realized there was
no air around her.  She was in a vacuum.  Even if there _had_ been
air out there, she noticed, she wouldn't have been able to
breathe it; oxygen or nitrogen would turn to ice.  The
temperature was absolute zero.  Her items and artifacts were
doing a very good job of keeping her alive.
     Then, the pretty colors started to dim.  All lights and
sounds -- however she could hear sound in a vacuum -- were
leaving her senses.  Within six seconds, it was absolute zero,
and absolute vacuum, and absolute silent, and absolute dark.
     She felt an almost imperceptible jostle.  'This is it,' she
thought.
     And as light and sound and temperature at last started to
return, her limbs -- as if of their own will -- began to pose in
an awkward mid-stride stance.  They also started to stiffen.  Her
whole body, even her head, began hardening into a mould which
almost, but didn't quite, fit the normal contours of her body.
     Even her eyes became frozen in place.  Fortunately, her robe
of eyes still afforded a 360 degree view of things.  The first
thing she could make out was a white landscape; a perfectly flat
white landscape.  As the details cleared, she began to see thin
blue lines networking the land, crisscrossing in a grid with each
line spaced ten feet apart -- or ten yards, she couldn't be sure. 
Above the horizon loomed an eerily lit, plaster-covered wall that
seemed to enclose several square miles on all four sides. 
Directly overhead was another wall, this time with short
stalactites hanging down from nearly every point.  Any one of
those stalactites could have been a very short and fat piercer,
except for the fact that piercers didn't particularly care for
bright light.  A yellowish-white sphere hung from the tremendous
ceiling, shining like an artificial sun.
     It was then she noticed that the walls weren't plain; there
was a gigantic wooden panel set into the flank side of the wall
to the left of her, with a gold-colored cylinder jutting out of
one side.  It looked rather remotely like a mammoth door.  Oh,
and there was one more detail in the room.  Perhaps she had not
wished to acknowledge its presence, but there was something else
there.  Or some_one_ else there.  Someone whom she could no longer
ignore.  Someone who, judging from the scale of the blue lines on
the ground, must have been 600 feet -- or yards -- tall.
     The giant looked away from the papers in his hands and
stared at Ridiculous Sword through his thick glasses.  His
eyebrows lowered as he pointed at her.  "YOU!  What are you doing
here?!"
     Ridiculous Sword couldn't move her mouth to speak, but she
could still use telepathy.  'You must be the Dungeon Master.'
     "Darned right I'm the Dungeon Master!" he insisted, setting
some of his papers down and inadvertently dropping a 20-sided
die.  "Brilliant deduction!  You don't have a 19 intelligence for
nothing!"
     Ridiculous Sword glanced at her reflection in his
spectacles.  She looked nothing like herself.  She was metallic-
gray, adorned in a lifeless mockery of a magician's robe.  She
looked like a metal statue of some girl wearing long robes and
holding her hands in a spell-casting position.  Her feet rested
on a circular metal base half a foot high and three feet wide. 
In short, she looked just as stiff and motionless as she felt.
     'You undoubtedly know why I'm here, O great and powerful
Dungeon Master.'
     "Of course I know why you're here!  Duuuuuuuuuuuuuh!"  He
whacked his right hand limply against the chest of his
horizontally-striped T-shirt.  "You wanna find out more about
Gross Sword!  Well, you little twit, I know _everything_ there is
to know about him!!"
     He thumbed rapidly through the pages in his hand and whipped
out a yellow-orange piece of parchment adorned with beautiful ink
illumination and ugly pencil scratches.  "Do you recognize
_this_?!" he thrust it in her face.
     Ridiculous Sword's eyes tried to widen (but couldn't, of
course).  'My character sheet!'
     "Exactly," his mouth grew into a sinister grin.  "I control
your character sheet.  I control . . ." he began the teensiest of
rips along the top edge, ". . . your destiny!"
     Ridiculous Sword felt a terrible pain run across the rift on
the top of her head.  She was having a splitting headache.
     "Feels terrible, doesn't it?" the Dungeon Master chortled. 
"You see, I know about all the ways you've been stretching the
rules.  I --"
     "Honey," a distant feminine voice interrupted from beyond
the door, "Your dinner's ready!"
     "Aw, mom!" the D.M. yelled toward the door, putting the
character sheet down, "I'm talkin' with Ridiculous Sword!"
     "Well, hurry it up," the phantom voice replied.
     The Dungeon Master turned back to his hapless audience of
one.  "As I was saying, I know about how you wear five, ten, or
even fifteen magic rings on a single hand.  I know about your
percentile dice that are marked with zeroes on all the faces.  I
know about how you can buy magic items on the black magic market
at cost.  I know how you change character classes not once, but
ten times.  I know," his voice tried to grow more impressive,
"How you kill centaurs and take their four one-million-gold-piece
gems!"
     'So you want us to stop doing all that, is that it?'  She
would have shivered nervously if she could move.
     "Stop it?  Are you kidding?  _I_ was the one who _let_ you do
all that in the first place!"  He thrust a finger right
underneath her dull metal nose.  "So that means you _owe me,
doesn't it!  I let you types get away with _plenty_!  And you know
what?  It was getting _boring_!  That's right, boring as Hell!  Or
as the Abyss, or as Tarterus, or as whatever other plane you want
to use in a sentence!  Why do you think I let Gross Sword get 80
million experience points and be a chaotic-evil killing machine,
huh?!  For _play_ balance!!"
     'So _that's_ why we couldn't hit each other when we were
fighting, even though all our weapons had the final word power.'
     "They do?"  He picked up one of the sheets just beneath her
character sheet.  "Wait a minute, they do, don't they?  So that
would mean that each of you should have hit each other after the
other person attacked.  I played that wr-- er, uh, I mean, of
_course_ that's why I did it!  I'm the Dungeon Master!  I couldn't
have let you kill each other then because, because . . . uh . . .
because I still wanted Tiamat to die!"
     'But Tiamat's still --'
     "Er, Bahamut, I mean!  Yeah, that's it, I had to have Gross
Sword kill Bahamut!"  He picked her up off the white landscape
and brought her to his eye level.  Ridiculous Sword's robe of
eyes told her that the white landscape she'd been standing on was
actually a tremendous sheet of parchment atop a huge folding
table.  "And _you_ can't do anything about it!"  He turned her to
face the circular receptacle standing in the corner.  She'd
already scanned it with her x-ray vision and knew it was full of
crumpled documents.  "There's where Sick Sword is now!  See?  I
tore her in half!  Nyaaah!  Your mom is _DEAD_!  Dead dead dead
dead dead!  And I burnt her character sheet, so that not even
Scotch tape could bring her back!"
     'Er, Scotch what?'
     "_SHUT UP, YOU STUPID PUKE_!"  And with that curse, he hurled
her back down at the white landscape.
     She hit the ground so hard, in fact, that her spirit got
jarred loose from the metal statue and she continued to fall
through the table and into the darkness beyond.
                                #
     What she emerged into looked like the Astral Plane.  It
wasn't the Astral Plane, though, as anyone who had really been
there could tell you.  It was, in fact, the Prime Material plane;
yet she was not on Central Earth.  She was on her _way_ to Central
Earth, though.  She found that out right quick, yessirree.  Just
as soon as she saw the big blue-with-white-cloud-specks disk rush
toward her at a relativistic speed.
     Instantly, she kicked in her permanent double-strength
potions of flying and levitation as her ring of earth elemental
command automatically engaged its feather falling power.  That
barely made a dent in her speed.  The next instant she hit
Central Earth's atmosphere and would have burnt to a cinder (or a
plasma) if not for Artifact Prime Power DD.  That slowed her down
somewhat, but not enough, she calculated, to smack her into the
ground subsonic.  She thought about teleporting upward to give
her more time to slow down, until she remembered that the $#@!ing
rules didn't allow her to teleport anyplace where there wasn't a
solid surface.  She watched helplessly as Central Earth rushed up
to greet her.
     The cloud layer zoomed toward and past her in the space of a
heartbeat.  A normal heartbeat, that is, not the heartbeat of a
disgusting character under the influence of a permanent potion of
speed at twice normal strength.  She could see the gridlike
division of landplots beneath her now -- they reminded her,
ironically, of the blue lines on the Dungeon Master's map.  The
continental outline and the land patterns made her destination
clear: she was hurling down just outside of town, aimed straight
for her mother's small keep from whence she'd gone to visit the
D.M. in the first place.  She wished she had time to scan the
castle with her x-ray vision, just to see whether or not her
physical body was still in there.  Just to see if this wasn't
some terrible falling nightmare she was going to wake up from in
a cold sweat.  But the wind and the pressure and the heat all
felt far too real to her for it to be a dream anyway.  And there
wasn't a damned thing she could do to save herself from the fall.
     The next instants flew by all too quickly.  She saw the keep
explode into her visual field, saw the east parapet heading
straight toward her, heard the loudest stony screech as her sight
blacked out, and felt an impact akin to someone hitting her with
a pillow the size of the astral plane.  She opened her eyes some
six million microseconds later, and glimpsed clear blue sky
pierced by a dark gray castle tower.  A bird's cheerful midday
song accompanied the hurried approach of human -- or at least
half-human -- footsteps.
     "Ridiculous Sword!" Ringman's voice neared from around a
corner.  "Are you still alive?!"
     She craned her stiff neck forward and managed to look at
Jimmy's astonished face.  She smiled weakly at him.
     "You musta been going supersonic when ya hit the ground!"
Jimmy relayed.  "How come you didn't get splattered into a
zillion pieces?!"
     She glanced to her left at the outer stone wall of the
castle seven-odd feet away from her, and understood.  She smiled
at Jimmy again and pointed at the masonry.
     "Huh?" Jimmy huhed.
     "Oh, I get it," Disgusting Sword said, appearing virtually
from out of nowhere.  "You didn't take any damage because you
fell within eight feet of a wall."
     Ridiculous Sword made the O.K. sign, as if to say "perfect,"
and slumped back flat onto the ground.  This whole experience had
just about taken everything out of her.
     Ringman arrived and knelt beside his second daughter.  The
