that night.  Barbara slept on the couch, I guess.  I packed
and moved on Monday, first into a hotel on the strip, then
into the duplex above Wesley on the weekend.  I got an
attorney, signed the separation agreement, and sulked for
two months.  I worked a lot, putting in sixty, seventy hour
weeks, volunteering for all the overtime I could get at the
television station.  I sifted through records at
courthouses, drove to Richmond once or twice, and broke
several big stories about corruption and crime.  When it
feels like someone has taken your world, turned it upside
down and shaken it, it's comforting to have something
familiar to turn to.  For me, it was my work.  It always had
been.  It was one of the problems, according to Barbara.
Anyway, after a couple of months of pouting, I was at the
mall one Friday night, aimlessly shopping, wondering if
spending money would make me feel better, watching people,
and still pouting, when I ran into Bobby and Barbara.  We
made small talk.  Funny how you can share the most intimate
things as couples, but feel awkward when one of the four
wheels falls off.
I caught them up on "what I was doing with myself", looked
at my watch, and ducked into a movie theatre quickly, to see
a picture I cared nothing about, just to get out of the
awkwardness of the situation.
The next afternoon, I fell asleep with a beer on the couch
while watching a football game I cared nothing about.  There
was a knock at the sliding glass door that awakened me.  I
looked at the clock.  It was about six.  I opened the
curtains, and there stood Maggie on the deck, almost
silhouetted against the purple fall sky, wearing a denim
jacket, a plaid flannel shirt, and white twill slacks.  The
breeze off the bay was chilly with the sun down, and blew
her hair around her neck.
"Where's Bobby?"  I asked.
"Gone to Charlottesville for the football game," she said.
"He's getting drunk with the good old boys.  He'll be
driving back in the morning."
"Where are you?"  I asked.
"Here."  Nothing ruins a rhetorical question like a literal
answer.  "Will you do me a favor?" she asked.
"Sure.  What?"
"Kiss me.  Hold me.  Make love to me."
I stepped out onto the deck, and took her into my arms.  We
kissed, and then I took her hand and led her to my bedroom.
                            -0-
"Isn't this where we're supposed to say, '...gee, she looks
so life-like,' or something?"
I turned toward the voice, and looked into Maggie's green
eyes.  Same hair, same mouth, same green eyes.  Younger, but
not by much.  A little hipper-looking.  "Hello, Madeline,
Brad Streeter," I said, offering my hand.  "Sorry to trash
the script, but she doesn't look too life-like to me.  She
looks dead."
"Yep.  Dead," the woman said.  She took my hand in a firm
grip.  "Friends call me Mary.  Mary Leonard.  Sister of the
deceased."  She winced.  "Sorry about that crack.  I'm not
sure I know how to act at these things."
I nodded.  "Death affects people in different ways."
I looked around the chapel.  It was filling rapidly.  Not a
big crowd by my standards, but probably large enough for
Tuttle, North Carolina.
Mary was wearing a black dress, knee-length, fairly plain,
but elegant.  What you would call a cocktail dress, I guess,
under other circumstances, but suitable for mourning.
"You were Bobby and Maggie's neighbor, right?"
"Yes."
"Are you the one she had the affair with before she and
Bobby split?"
A direct question deserves a direct answer.  When in doubt,
tell the truth.  "Yes," I said.
"Want to sit?"
"Okay."  She led the way to the back of the folding chairs.
We sat in silence, although I have to admit I took a good
look at her once or twice.  The resemblance was striking.
Barbara joined the party just as the organ music began.
She looked better than I had seen her in some time.  Of
course, I had not seen her at all for about six months or
so, since the hearing to finalize the divorce.  She nodded,
and mouthed "Hello" as she walked to the front.  She was
wearing a navy suit, with a white blouse, dark stockings and
black pumps.  She had let her hair grow, and had darkened
the color.  It had always looked sort of dishwater blonde.
Now it looked a pleasant light shade of brown.
I thumbed through the program for the funeral.  The Reverend
M. Scott Thomas would be presiding, with Jessica Copal at
the keyboard.  Bobby arrived in a three-piece suit, followed
by a gray-haired man, with what I was learning were Leonard
eyes, immaculately dressed in a pinstriped number, and a
much younger blonde woman in a black dress.  I assumed they
were Maggie's father and stepmother.  Ms. Copal launched
into "Amazing Grace", a few moments later, the Reverend
Thomas appeared from behind the blue curtain.
Mary Leonard looked at me, and at eyebrow went up.
"Showtime," she said.
Bobby sat in the front row, next to Barbara, on one side of
the aisle, old man Leonard and the woman on the other.  One
glance between Bobby and the Sam Leonard said it all.  Mary
Leonard said no more.
                               -0-
Jessica Copal was competent at the keyboard, but the good
reverend Thomas was boring as hell.  It became immediately
obvious that he had never met Maggie, Bobby, maybe not even
old Sam Leonard.  The only thing he got right was what a
waste it all seemed.
Bobby and Sam Leonard were still glaring at each other when
they and four other men loaded Maggie up into the hearse.
The rain had stopped for now, but it looked as if it could
start up again anytime.  The wind was still blowing pretty
strong.  I was getting into my car when Mary Leonard trotted
over to the passenger's side, and put her hand on the
handle.
"Mind if I ride with you?"
"No problem," I said.  "I kind of figured you'd be riding
with your father, though."
"He's got whatshername to ride with."
"Right.  Whatever."  I crossed over to her side of the car
and opened the door.
The two Mister Morehouses, Senior and Junior, handed out the
little magnetic flags to put on our cars, and reminded us to
turn on our headlights for the trip to the cemetery.  A gray
police cruiser sat in front of the hearse.  Ronald Senior
said we'd be going to the family burial plot, off a main
road near the Leonard Farm, that we'd be running stop signs
and traffic signals, and to stay close to the car ahead.
Mary and I rode in silence for the first couple of miles
through farmland.  I felt compelled to make pleasant
conversation.  When you don't know what to talk about, talk
about the other person.
"Maggie didn't talk about her family much," I said, hoping
that didn't sound like some kind of judgment.
"She hadn't been close to any of us for some time," Mary
said.  She continued to stare out the window.
"What I mean is," I said, "I don't know much about your
family.  Mister Morehouse said your father is a banker."
"That's right," she said.  "He's got more money than you can
imagine."
I smiled, a little.  "I can imagine quite a bit."
"Well," she said, "He's got more than I can imagine, or most
of the folks around here can imagine."
"What do you do?"  I asked.
"A little of this, and a little of that," she said.  "Right
now, I'm working at a dress shop at one of the hotels."
                               -0-
"It was awful," she said finally, pulling a cigarette from
her purse, Marlboro, if it matters, and lighting it with one
of those slender little precious metal lighters with the
little roller-thing on the side.  Almost startled, she
looked at me quickly.  "Is this alright?  Smoking in your
car, I mean."
"Yes," I said, and fished a Salem out of my sport coat and
lit it with my Bic.  "You mean Saturday," I said.
"Yes.  Daddy called me at about two Sunday morning.  I mean,
I knew she'd been depressed, but I didn't think she'd do
something like this.  I still have a hard time believing
she's gone."
"You two were close?"  I asked.
"Not exactly.  But we'd gotten closer since she'd come
down."
"How long had she been down here?" I asked.
"About six weeks.  She was still making trips to Virginia
Beach to see a therapist, and I really thought she had been
making some progress.  She talked about the future, what she
wanted to do after the divorce was final."  She shook her
head.  "Did you know she wanted to paint?"
"No, but I knew she had some talent in that direction."
"She wanted to paint."  Mary Leonard was crying, watching
the tobacco fields go by.
At the cemetery, it was the standard stuff.  Ashes to ashes,
dust to dust.  The Reverend Thomas' standard protestant
graveside speech.  I kept hoping it wouldn't begin raining
again.  After the final "amen", Mary plucked a rose from one
of the wreaths, and the workmen began cranking the coffin
into the ground.
Barbara, who pretty much had ignored me up until now, walked
over to where I stood with Mary.
"Mary Leonard, my ex-wife Barbara.  Barbara...Mary."
Barbara said to Mary, "I was saddened to hear about your
sister's death.  As I'm sure Brad has told you, we were very
close with Maggie and Bobby."
"Yes," Mary said.  "Very close.  Excuse me, please.  I've
got to speak with some friends."  Tight smile, and poof.
Gone.
Barbara turned to me.  "How have you been doing, Brad?"
"Unemployed, but well.  You?"
"I read about your loss in the paper.  I'm sorry, Brad.  I
know your job meant a lot to you.  I've been well.  I'm
studying for a real estate license."
"Not great lately, but not a bad business to be into around
Virginia Beach," I said.  "Was the split between Maggie and
Bobby nasty?"
"Not really, she just packed up the car, and left one
afternoon.  She waited for Bobby to get home, and told him
she needed to get away for a while."
"Her sister said she was still seeing a therapist at the
Beach."
"I think so, but to tell you the truth, we haven't talked
much since...since you moved out and all."
"Yeah, I know how it goes."  I couldn't help but wonder how
much Barbara really knew about what had happened between
Maggie and me.
The crowd was thinning quickly.  Probably the weather.  I
offered to buy Barbara dinner.  She politely declined.  Mary
Leonard had vanished.  I watched Barbara get into the big
Mercury alone, and drive away.  Even the Reverend Thomas had
split.  It was me, the old couple, and the two cemetery
workers, who were just starting to fire up the backhoe a few
yards away.  It was close to five o'clock.  I walked over to
the Mustang, and drove away.
Seven-Elevens grow like weeds in this part of the world.  If
it looks like any development is coming soon anywhere, the
Southland Corporation cranks all the numbers into its
massive mainframe computer somewhere and decides it's time
for another Seven-Eleven, or maybe two or three.  In some
suburban areas, they're built right across the street from
one another, so that you don't have to make a left turn to
pick up the bread and milk on the way home.  Left turns are
bad for business.  As I approached civilization and the
hotel, I pulled into one and picked up a cold six of
Stroh's.  Better than paying ten bucks for it at the Armada.
I parked the Mustang, and threw my sport coat in the back
seat, along with my shoes and socks.  I rolled up my
pantlegs, popped the top on a cold one, stuck another in my
pocket, and walked down the beach.
I don't know how far I walked, maybe five miles, or maybe it
seemed like five miles.  It was one beer's worth.  I walked
to where the hotels stop, and the beach houses begin.  I sat
on the beach, and stared out at the surf for a good long
time.  I finished the first beer, dropped the can into a
barrel, and opened the second.  It was warm.  There were
dynamics at work here that I didn't understand.  Bobby and
Sam Leonard.  Maggie and Mary.  Maggie and Mary and their
stepmother.
I told myself it was none of my business.  I told myself the
relationship with Maggie, whatever it had been, had been
over long before she had made the decision to leave this
world.  Maggie did not love me, did not know me well enough
to love me, or me her.  But it hadn't been that long.  And I
had to admit that whatever misguided feelings I had about
love, I had felt as if I loved Maggie.  Or could love her.
Or wanted to love her.  Or something.  Whatever it was, it
hurt.  So I cried the tears of loss, and pain, and a little
guilt, too.   For what might have been with Maggie, and with
Barbara, and with the other women I had known in my
lifetime.  The sky was beginning to clear.  I walked back to
the car as I finished the second beer, and grabbed my coat
and the remaining four-pack out of the back seat.  When I
got back to the room, I put the beer on ice in the sink and
took a long, hot shower.  I shaved, dressed in white slacks
and a polo shirt, and went downstairs for dinner.  It was
about eight-thirty.
                            -0-
As I passed the bar headed for the dining room, it was the
same hoarse, rough sounding voice from the funeral home.
"Hey, Streeter."  Mary Leonard was positioned at the end of
the bar, with a view of the entry into the dining room.  She
still wore the black dress from this afternoon, but she
didn't look like she was mourning anymore, it really looked
like a cocktail dress.  She was sitting with legs crossed,
smoking a cigarette.  An empty glass stood on the bar.
"Hello, Mary," I said.  "Buy you a drink?"
"How about a drink and dinner?"  She arched one eyebrow.
"Okay."
She picked up her purse, and we went into the dining room.
I followed, and noticed that Mary had not only the same
coloring, but much the same shape as her sister.  Where
Maggie was soft, however, there seemed to be just a little
bit of an edge about Mary.  She may have been Maggie's
younger sister, but she looked just a little older, a little
more worldly, if that makes any sense.  We were seated at a
table near the window.  The dark clouds still hung over the
ocean to the east, but it was obviously clearing to the
west, because the setting sun outlined long shadows in
orange across the beach.  Mary ordered another drink, a
vodka tonic.  I ordered another beer, Stroh's if they had
it, Bud if they didn't.  The waiter said he'd be right back
with a Bud.
"The service was nice," she said, while we waited for our
drinks.  "The day turned out nice, at least."  She was
looking out at the ocean.
"I got the impression that the minister didn't know Maggie
well,"  I said.
"Not since we were kids."
"Well, you're right.  It was a nice service."  A brief lull,
as both of stared out at the ocean.  "Does your father get
along with Bobby?"
"Daddy doesn't get along with much of anyone," she said as
the drinks arrived.  The waiter placed them atop the
obligatory napkins, and departed.  "Especially Bobby," she
said.
"Do you know why?"
"Bobby was a little older than Maggie.  Daddy was always
real protective of the two of us.  Didn't want us to go on
dates until we were sixteen, and didn't really want us to do
it then, either, but you can't exactly tell a sixteen year
old girl not to go on dates, for Christ's sake.  So Daddy's
little girls were growing up, and Daddy didn't like it one
little bit.  I would hear them fighting when she came home
late from her dates.  I could hear him yelling at the boys
out in the driveway, and I could hear him yelling at Maggie
downstairs after they left."  Mary took a large swallow of
the vodka tonic.  "He called her things like 'slut' and
'whore', and wanted to know every little detail of every
date."
"Was your stepmother much help?"
"No.  I always felt like she married Daddy for the money.
She treated us alright, she never hurt us much, but she
wouldn't stick up for us like Mother.  Still doesn't, much.
Mostly when Daddy got into one of his moods like that, she'd
just leave the room and go upstairs and take a sleeping
pill.  Teresa just doesn't care about us much one way or
another.  Well, I mean, didn't...I mean..."  Her voice was
quivering a little.  "God, she's really dead.  Maggie's
really dead, just like Daddy said."  She stared out the
window for a couple of seconds, then polished off the drink.
"Do you want to order?"  I asked.
"Order me another drink, please," she said, putting the
glass back on the napkin.  "And I'll look at the menu after
I get back from powdering my nose, having a good cry, and
blotting up the mess."  She rose quickly, and left.
I motioned to the waiter, and ordered another drink for
Mary.  I'd pass this round.  The eastern sky was dark now,
and I could see the lights of the ships running up and down
the coast.  Coal carriers, mostly, taking Virginia coal to
South America.  I was attracted to Mary.  She had a sharp
tongue and a quick wit.  Was it that, or the fact that she
resembled Maggie a lot?  Was I attracted to Mary, or Maggie
all over again, or just any woman?  How well did I know
Maggie?  How well had I known any of the women who had been
in my life, including my wife?
Doctor Al Avery, my shrink, says I should ask myself
questions like this.  Well, he doesn't exactly say it,
rather, he asks questions like this, and expects me, by
osmosis, to ask them to myself.  I'm never sure if they're
real questions, or rhetorical ones.  Shrinks never tell you
what to do, they simply ask questions that lead you to
believe they're telling you what to do.  "Are you saying I
should think about this more?" I say.  "What do you think
about that?" he replies.  This type of behavior is known as
"analyzing the analyst", and is frowned upon by virtually
the entire analyzing community.  But then, we were talking
about me, and not them.  Go figure.
Mary returned, cigarette in hand, and plopped down with a
great exhalation of air.
"Well," she said, "I'm glad that's over with.  I'd been
wondering when the good cry was going to come."
"Feel better?"  I asked.
"For now.  Probably not for long."
The waiter returned to take our order.  I ordered a steak,
medium rare, while Mary perused the menu.  She ordered
stuffed flounder.  The waiter nodded his approval, clicked
his ballpoint, offered me another beer, which I declined,
and left.
"So why did Maggie move back here?"  I asked.  "Why not move
in with you, or with some friends, or out on her own?"
"She was going to move in with me," Mary said.  "Or that's
what she told me.  But she said there were some things she
had to do first."
"If the relationship with your father wasn't good, moving to
the farm couldn't have been much fun," I said.
"I don't think it was.  Daddy didn't really want to take her
back, but Teresa talked him into it."
"Teresa talked him into it?  Your stepmother?"
"Yeah."
"Why?"
"I don't exactly know," she said.  "Maybe she wanted to make
up for not being there before."
"Before when?"
"When daddy cut Maggie off and kicked her out.  I mean, she
was ready to move out and tell him to stuff it anyway.  But
she moved up to Williamsburg, and started going to William
and Mary studying art, and she got involved with some boy up
there.  Brian something was his name.  Daddy didn't like it,
so when he got her grades, and they weren't what he thought
they should have been, he cut off her money, and told her
not to bother coming home."
"What did she do then?"
"Got a job as a legal secretary, and met Bobby at a real
estate closing.  He was sweet, and polite, and romantic.  He
treated her real nice at the time, took her places, sent her
flowers, and all that shit."
I had heard the story of how they met, but I didn't know the
background.  The waiter served salad.
"Daddy got real mad.  See, he wanted her to come crawling
and begging back home, saying she was sorry for how much
she'd screwed up her life, and would he please take her
back, and how she'd be a good girl and all that crap,"  Mary
said.  "She didn't do it.  She got a job, trained herself,
really, found a guy and married him real quick, just to have
someone to take care of her.  And Bobby's real sweet, but
he's sort of a...Bubba, you know?  Like there's all these
guys who go out and drink beer on Saturdays, and watch
football games, and do all that guy stuff?  And about every
other one of them is nicknamed 'Bubba'?  Well, Bobby is a
'Bubba', whether that's his nickname or not.  He's just a
good ole boy lawyer, looking for the big score that will
keep him in Budweiser and big screen, satellite dish
football games for life.  And fishing, of course.  And
Maggie finally decided she wanted more.  She thought she
deserved more, so she left him.  She was going to figure out
a way to go back to school.  She was going to get a job
here, and start going back to the community college, then
transfer the credits back to William and Mary, or NC State,
or somewhere else."
"I didn't know she was that unhappy with Bobby," I said.
"Bobby's a real hard guy to get mad at," she said.  "He's
just so darned...amiable, is that the word?"
"Yes."
"Oh, good."  The waiter appeared with our meals, and made
the appropriate little flourishes as he put them in front of
us.  Mary stubbed out her cigarette.  "Bobby is a nice guy,
just not very ambitious, or romantic, or loving, or
intimate.  Maggie was his wife, and he expected to keep the
house, look good at parties, and give him a little roll in
the hay once or twice a week.  She got tired of it."
Maggie didn't talk about your father much.  Or you, either,
for that matter."
"That's not surprising.  We weren't very close for a long
time.  At least not until recently."  The liquor was
beginning to catch up with her.  'Recently' came out 're-
schent-lee'.  She finished up the glass.
"That's what you said.  Things got better when Maggie moved
back?"
"Yes.  She said she was going to move in with me, like I
told you.  We were going to be roommates."  The word "told"
came out "tole".
"Really?"
"Yes, but then she went and killed herself.  But enough
about me and my dead sister.  Let's talk about you and my
dead sister."  Mary was now more than a little drunk.  "So
how was she in bed?  Maggie, that is."
I winced.  "Mary, I do not embarrass easily, but you're
testing the limits here.  Do you really expect me to answer
that question?"
"I suppose not.  She said you were pretty much a gentleman,
and that you didn't tell anyone.  She said you were..."  She
was groping for a word.
I helped her.  "Discreet."
"Yeah.  That's it.  Discreet."  It came out 'dish-kreet'.
Learn a new word every day.
"So you said you and Maggie were getting closer?" I asked.
She looked out the window at the ocean, then back at me.
"Let's say we had some things in common."
"Like what?"
"The men in our lives.  Or maybe I should say the man in our
lives."
I twirled the cocktail napkin I had been playing with.  "I
give up," I said.
She smiled a silly, drunken smile.  "Why, silly, Daddy, of
course.  He was screwing both of us when we were kids.
That's why she's dead.  She was going to confront him."
                            -0-
                       THE LlTTLE PEAR GIRL
   Once upon a time, a peasant worked hard to make a living from his land. 
Every year his pear tree produced four basketfuls of fruit which had to be 
given to the king, a greedy ruler who grew rich at the expense of the poor.
   One year, part of the pear harvest went bad and the peasant was able to 
pick only three and a half baskets of fruit. The poor man was beside himself 
with fear, for the king refused to take less than four basketfuls, and the 
peasant would be cruelly punished.
   All he could do was put his youngest daughter into one of the baskets and 
cover her with a layer of pears, so that the basket looked full. The king's 
servants took away the four baskets without ever noticing the trick, and the 
little girl found herself all alone in the pantry, under the pears.
   One day, the cook went into the pantry and discovered her. Nobody could 
understand where on earth she had come from, and not knowing what to do with 
her, it was decided she should become a maid in the castle. Folk called her 
Violetta, for her eyes reminded them of the colour of violets.
   Violetta was a pretty girl, sweet and generous. One day, as she was 
watering the flowers in the royal gardens, she met the king's son, a youth of 
her own age, and the two became friends. The other maids, jealous of 
Violetta's beauty and of the affection many people in the castle felt for the 
girl, did everything they could to get her into trouble, by spreading nasty 
rumours about her. One day, the king sent for her and said severely:
   "I'm told you boast of being able to steal the witches' treasure trove. Is 
that true?" Violetta said 'no,' but the king refused to believe her and drove 
her out of his kingdom.
   "You may return only when you have laid hands on the treasure," he said. 
All Violetta's fondest friends, including the prince, were sorry to hear of 
the king's decision, but could do nothing to stop her going. The girl wandered
through the forest and, when she came to a pear tree, she climbed into its 
branches and fell asleep. She was wakened at dawn by an old woman calling her:
   "What are you doing up there, all by yourself?" Violetta told the old woman
her tale. She offered to help the little girl, gave her some round loaves, a 
broom, a little oil and some good advice, and the girl again set off. She 
reached a clearing with a large wood stove and saw three women tearing their 
hair, using it to sweep the ashes from the stove. Violetta offered them the 
broom and the women pointed out the way to the witches' palace.
   Suddenly, two hungry mastiffs blocked her path. Violetta threw them the 
loaves, the dogs ate them and let her pass. Then she came to the bank of a 
river in flood, but remembering the old woman's advice, she sang:
   Clear sparkling river
   Let me cross over,
and the minute her song wafted into the air, the water stopped flowing. 
Violetta thus crossed the river and at last reached the witches' palace. The 
door was unlocked, but Violetta could not push it open for the hinges were
rusted. So she rubbed on a little oil and the door swung open. The little girl
walked through the empty halls till she came to a splendid room in wich lay a
magnificent coffer full of jewels. Holding the coffer under her arm, Violetta 
made for the door, but the coffer, being enchanted, cried out:
   "Door! Don't let her out!" However, the door did open, for Violetta had
oiled the hinges. Down at the river, the coffer cried out. This time it said:
   "Water! Drown her!" But the river did not stop the little girl from 
crossing; the two mastiffs did not attack ant the three strange women did not
burn her in their stove. For each, in its own way, repaid the girl's courtesy.
Back at the king's palace again, the prince ran happily to meet Violetta,
telling her:
   "When my father asks you what you want as a reward, ask him for the basket 
of pears in the pantry!" And this Violetta did. Pleased at paying such a 
modest price, the king instantly ordered the humble basket to be brought. But 
nobody ever imagined for a minute that underneath the pears lay the prince. 
The young man came out of his hiding place, swore he was in love with Violetta
and that he wanted to marry her.
   In this way, the king was forced to give his consent. Violetta brought her 
family to court and they all began a new and happy life.
                  LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD 
   Once upon a time . . . in the middle of a thick forest stood a small
cottage, the home of a pretty little girl known to everyone as Little Red
Riding Hood. One day, her Mummy waved her goodbye at the garden gate, saying:
"Grandma is ill. Take her this basket of cakes, but be very careful. Keep to
the path through the wood and don't ever stop. That way, you will come to no
harm."
   Little Red Riding Hood kissed her mother and ran off. "Don't worry,' she
said, "I'll run all the way to Grandma's without stopping."
   Full of good intentions, the little girl made her way through the wood, but
she was soon to forget her mother's wise words. "What lovely strawberries! And
so red . . ."
   Laying her basket on the ground, Little Red Riding Hood bent over the 
strawberry plants. "They're nice and ripe, and so big! Yummy! Delicious! Just
another one. And one more. This is the last . . . Well, this one . . . Mmmm."
   The red fruit peeped invitingly through the leaves in the grassy glade, and
Little Red Riding Hood ran back and forth popping strawberries into her mouth.
Suddenly she remembered her mother, her promise, Grandma and the basket . . . 
and hurried back towards the path. The basket was still in the grass and, 
humming to herself, Little Red Riding Hood walked on.
   The wood became thicker and thicker. Suddenly a yellow butterfly fluttered
down through the trees. Little Red Riding Hood started to chase the butterfly.
   "I'll catch you! I'll catch you!" she called. Suddenly she saw some large
daisies in the grass.
   "Oh, how sweet!" she exclaimed and, thinking of Grandma, she picked a large
bunch of flowers.
   In the meantime, two wicked eyes were spying on her from behind a tree . . 
a strange rustling in the woods made Little Red Riding Hood's heart thump.
   Now quite afraid she said to herself. "I must find the path and run away 
from here!"
   At last she reached the path again but her heart leapt into her mouth at
 the sound of a gruff voice which said: "Where ' . . are you going, my pretty
girl, all alone in the woods?"
   "I'm taking Grandma some cakes. She lives at the end of the path," said
Little Riding Hood in a faint voice.
   When he heard this, the wolf (for it was the big bad wolf himself) politely
asked: "Does Grandma live by herself?"
   "Oh, yes," replied Little Red Riding Hood, "and she never opens the door to
strangers!"
   "Goodbye. Perhaps we'll meet again," replied the wolf. Then he loped away
thinking to himself "I'll gobble the grandmother first, then lie in wait for
the grandchild!" At last, the cottage came in sight. Knock! Knock! The wolf
rapped on the door.                                                         --~   "Who's there?" cried Grandma from her bed.
   "It's me, Little Red Riding Hood. I've brought you some cakes because 
you're ill," replied the wolf, trying hard to hide his gruff voice.
   "Lift the latch and come in," said Grandma, unaware of anything amiss, till
a horrible shadow appeared on the wall. Poor Grandma! For in one bound, the
wolf leapt across the room and, in a single mouthful, swallowed the old lady.
Soon after, Little Red Riding Hood tapped on the door.
   "Grandma, can I come in?" she called.
   Now, the wolf had put on the old lady's shawl and cap and slipped into the
bed. Trying to imitate Grandma's quavering little voice, he replied: "Open the latch and come in!
   "What a deep voice you have," said the little girl in surpnse.
   "The better to greet you with," said the wolf.
   "Goodness, what big eyes you have."
   "The better to see you with."
   "And what big hands you have!" exclaimed Little Red Riding Hood, stepping
over to the bed.
   "The better to hug you with," said the wolf.
   "What a big mouth you have," the little girl murmured in a weak voice.
   "The better to eat you with!" growled the wolf, and jumping out of bed, he
swallowed her up too. Then, with a fat full tummy, he fell fast asleep.
   In the meantime, a hunter had emerged from the wood, and on noticing the
cottage, he decided to stop and ask for a drink. He had spent a lot of time
trying to catch a large wolf that had been terrorizing the neighbourhood, but
had lost its tracks. The hunter could hear a strange whistling sound; it
seemed to be coming from inside the cottage. He peered through the window ...
and saw the large wolf himself, with a fat full tummy, snoring away in
Grandma's bed. 
   "The wolf! He won't get away this time!"
   Without making a sound, the hunter carefully loaded his gun and gently
opened the window. He pointed the barrel straight at the wolf's head and . . .
BANG! The wolf was dead.
   "Got you at last!" shouted the hunter in glee. "You'll never frighten 
anyone agaln.
   He cut open the wolf's stomach and to his amazement, out popped Grandma and
Little Red Riding Hood, safe and unharmed.
   "You arrived just in time," murmured the old lady, quite overcome by all
the excitement.                                     ~
   "It's safe to go home now," the hunter told Little Red Riding Hood. "The
big bad wolf is dead and gone, and there is no danger on the path.
   Still scared, the little girl hugged her grandmother. Oh, what a dreadful
fright!"
   Much later, as dusk was falling, Little Red Riding Hood's mother arrived, 
all out of breath, worried because her llttle girl had not come home. And when
she saw Little Red Riding Hood, safe and sound, she burst into tears of joy.
   After thanking the hunter again, Little Red Rldlng Hood and her mother set
off towards the wood. As they walked quickly through the trees, the little
girl told her mother: "We must always keep to the path and never stop. That
way, we come to no harm!"
                T H E  L U R E  O F  T H E  T E M P T R E S S
                ---------------------------------------------
 THE MANUAL
------------
   CONTENTS
   --------                                          PAGE
PART ONE. ABOUT THIS MANUAL............................7
PART TWO. SO WHAT'S THIS "VIRTUAL THEATRE" ALL ABOUT?..9
PART THREE. WHO AN EARTH AM I?........................13
PART FOUR. WHERE ON EARTH AM I?.......................15
PART FIVE. THE CONTROLS. THE MOUSE. POINT AND CLICK...16
HOW TO CONTROL DIERMOT................................16
MOVEMENT..............................................17
DRINK, EXAMINE, LOOK OR STATUS........................18
LOOK AT...(AN OBJECT OR A CHARACTER)..................19
MANIPULAING OBJECTS...................................19
LOOKING THROUGH WINDOWS...............................20
TALKING TO PEOPLE.....................................20
ISSUING COMMANDS......................................22
GIVING AND TAKING.....................................24
MORTAL COMBAT.........................................25
PART SIX. SAVING AND LOADING YOUR GAME................27
PART SEVEN. QUICK START REFERENCE.....................29
PART EIGHT. WHAT AM I MEANT TO DO?....................30
PART NINE. AND FINALLY................................32
APPENDIX..............................................36
PAGE 7
-----   PART ONE. ABOUT THIS MANUAL.
        ----------------------------
   HELLO! My name's Ratpouch, the real star of the game, and
at the very beginning of the game I'm very near to where
you're pacing around in your cell. Honest! I'm that close
that I'm in spitting distance-which is very apt as i am the
sort of person who usually gets spat at, especially since
the Skorl have come to town. They don't care too much for my
jokes and this is always getting me into trouble!
   The spitting i could take, but being stretched on ye
olde rack i just don't find very amusing! Still I don't want
to burden you with my troubles-though if you could somehow
rescue me i would be paternally grateful.
   I'd better explain what's going on, and where you come
in, or i'll be stuck here forever........
   Prepare to enter the village of Turnvale. Prepare
yourself for the experience known as virtual theatre!
Page nine
---------
     SO WHAT'S THIS "VIRTUAL THEATRE" ALL ABOUT?
     -------------------------------------------
   It's a very good question, and it's one that hasn't been
answered before, because Lure of the Temptress is the first
virtual theatre game ever written.
   Imagine for a moment that you are involved in a real life
scenario-you're standing in a room which looks out, through
a window, onto a village courtyard. Yes! A village courtyard
with cobblestones. And let's say that there are three people
standing in the courtyard;Stuka,Python and Bagpuss.
 If you were to look out of your window you might notice
that Stuka and Python were having a conversation-about, how
many Atari st owners it would take to change a lightbulb?
You might also notice that Bagpuss, who is only interested
in not getting his long hair wet,and is not interested in
Atari owners, is sauntering towards the building that you
are in. Sure enough, he dissappears from the courtyard and
"click", the door to your right opens. In walks Bagpuss.
Let's say that Bagpuss wants to talk to you, about hair wash
day or something, then you would turn to face him-as one
would. Once your conversation with Bagpuss is over he turns
away from you and, with a flash of golden curls, exits
through the door, closing it behind him, and, you presume,
has strolled back into the courtyard. So you look through
the window to check and "horror" he isn't there! Not a sign
of him. The courtyard is Bagpuss-less! Stuka and Python are
there, waffling on about how two Atari st owners linked
their machines up and made a calculator, but Bagpuss is
nowhere to be seen. So where is he?
page ten
--------
   If this real life scenario you've just read could easily
happen in the Lure of the Temptress, I'll now ask this
question. Where would Bagpuss be if he were in the world of
Virtual Theatre?
 Give up?
   Well, if the Lure Of the Temptress was called Totally
Imaginary Theatre, you would probably just decide that
Bagpuss had just "dissappeared". Other adventure games are
like "that" after all.
   However, this game is Virtual Theatre, and things are
just a little bit more realistic. People just don't
dissappear, and if Bagpuss is not in the courtyard then one
of two things must have happened.....
he's either (A) waiting on the other side of the door, or
(B) he's taken another exit from the building - an exit
which leads away from the courtyard and which cannot be seen
from the window.
Page Eleven
-----------
   So you open the door to find out. Except you can't.
Bagpuss has obviously locked the door after him. Typical!
In your pockets you find a spare key and so you open the
door to find out what has happened to Bagpuss. He's not
there but, as you expexted, there is another exit which
bypasses the courtyard, so you set off in hot pursuit.
   You find yourself in an alleyway. It's empty! Then
another alleyway. Empty. Then you find yourself by a
hairdressers. Has Bagpuss gone inside? Or has he taken
another route and gone somewhere totally different, like
to buy a pair of new earings from some shady man in a pub?
   You'll never catch him now if he has, so you decide to
look inside the hairdressers (after opening the door of
course) and there is Bagpuss, his hair in rollers and a pina
colada in one hand. He stares at you angrily. Suddenly you
feel like talking about atari st owners, so you decide to
retrace your steps and find Stuka and Python again, back at
the cobbled courtyard. But they're not there! The loons!
Back you go, into the room you started from, to see if you
can see them from the window. Nope they're gone! What did
you expect though? This is virtual theatre, it's like life.
   You can't see something if it isn't there anymore!
Page twelve
-----------
   All the characters involved in the story( and there are
many ) lead little lives of their own. They walk here, the
walk there, they do this, they do that and they talk to
other characters, exchanging bits of gossip and
information....and you, of course, can join in.
   But before you dive in wait as i explain who you are,
where you are, what to do and how to do it!
   Read on, mes ames....
Page thirteen
-------------
     PART THREE-WHO ON EARTH AM I?
     -----------------------------
   You are Diermot, an unwilling hero who'd prefer a quiet
life, and are, to all intents and purposes, a good man.
   After decades of unrest the king has united the warring
factions in his kingdom and all his lands are at peace. Well
,nearly all of them, because there's still one dodgy area
left-a remote region around a town called Turnvale. A revolt
has recently taken place in Turnvale, a revolt orchastrated
by an apprentice sorceress called Selena. That's all that is
known!
   The king, not very pleased with this, rounds up his
finest horsemen and, with you in tow, they set off for
Turnvale.
   As night turns to dawn and the riders draw near to
Turnvale, the mists rise to reveal not, as expected, a
pathetic resistance force made up of peasants with
pitchforks, but an army of grotesque creatures, the likes of
which have never been seen before. They are, as it happens,
hellish mercenary monsters known as the Skorl.
Page Forteen
------------
   The Skorl are all armed to the teeth. The battle which
ensues is less of a battle and more of a massacre in which
the horsemen are slaughtered and the king is killed. You,
however, aren't even hurt-well, not much, anyway-you fall
off your horse and bang your head on the ground. Everything
suddenly so suidgy in the old braincells. It's almost like
going to sleep, only a little bit more of the old pain is
involved. Your lights, as they say, go out!
page fifteen
------------
   PART FOUR. WHERE ON EARTH AM I
   ------------------------------
   You are gonna be on your own for this. Because due to a
printing error the exact manual i have got hold of has, in
fact, got an almost blank page.............
Page sixteen
------------
   i wish there were more blank pages!(stop moaning...ed)
   PART FIVE. THE CONTROLS. THE MOUSE.POINT AND CLICK.
   ---------------------------------------------------
THE MOUSE
   Lure Of The Temptress is entirely mouse controlled. On a
mouse with three buttons, the middle one is as much use as a
lead weight when you're drowning, so forget it exists and
concentrate soley on the left and right buttons.
POINT AND CLICK
   Pointing and clicking is easy-peasy and you must be an
atari user if you think it's how the fonz gets his birds.
   You POINT the on-screen pointer to the part of the screen
you wish to interact with, and then you CLICK one of the two
buttons.
   From now on i'll be calling the left button Button A and
the right, Button B.
HOW TO CONTROL DIERMOT
   Diermot can do many things. All you need to know is that
the on-screen pointer, your direct link with the Lure of the
Temptress world, changes into different shapes at different
times and allows you to perform different actions.
page seventeen
--------------
             MOVEMENT
             --------
      First of all you will want to make Diermot move about
in his enviroment, and it couldn't be easier. The mouse
pointer is generally shown on screen as a little white
arrow. POINT this to the location you wish to more Diermot
to, click BUTTON A, and he will walk there. Don't worry if
there are any objects in his path he is clever enough to go
around them.
   If there is an exit available from the screen you're on
and you point to it, the the small white pointer will change
into a LARGE WHITE ARROW. You can't miss it, it's big and
indicates the direction in which you'll be travelling.
Click as bove, using BUTTON A, and Diermot will walk to the
next screen.
page eighteen
-------------
               DRINK, EXAMINE, LOOK or STATUS
               ------------------------------
   This is a menu which you can bring up at any time during
the game simply by moving your pointer anywhere on the
screen( but NOT on a charater or an object) and pressing
BUTTON B. If you decide you don't want this menu after all
then simply press BUTTON B again, and the menu will
dissapear.If you do wish to use this option then highlight
the option you want and Click BUTTON A.
   The options you can choose are as follows;
   DRINK
      This allows Diermot to drink-water, potions or
whatever. When BUTTON A is clicked on "drink" Diermot will
take a swig of whatever liquid he is carrying. If Diermot
has more than one drinkable liquid on his person you will be
given the option th scroll through them by pushing the mouse
backwards or forewords-one item will be highlighted at a
time. Click on the item you require, using BUTTON A, and
Diermot will take a swig.
   EXAMINE
      Click BUTTON A on this option and a list of everthing
that Diermot is carrying will appear. Scroll through a large
list using the mouse as above. Click BUTTON A on the object
of your desire and, hey presto!, a description will appear.
   LOOK
      Selecting this (BUTTON A) will give you a text
description on Diermots location. It's not unusual(to be
loved by anyone....quit clowning..ed) for a location
description to include a "HINT" of some sort, so I'd use
this option fairly regulary if i was me.
   STATUS
      CLICK on this with BUTTON A and you'll be given an
information screen which tells you, with no scrolling, of
all the objects Diermot is carrying about his person,
including money.
      PLEASE NOTE
            At the beginning of the game, when you do not
possess and drinks or carry any objects, only LOOK and
STATUS will be available to you.
Page nineteen
-------------
            LOOK AT....(AN OBJECT OR A CHARACTER)
   If you move the pointer over a person or a certain object
then the pointer will turn into a small crosshair.
   This means you can look at whatever is highlighted, be it
human, vegatable,or mineral-so CLICK BUTTON A and Diermot
will walk to, and examine, the object in question.
   CLICKING BUTTON A again clears the text window containing
the description of the object.
           MANIPULATING OBJECTS
           --------------------
   It's often the case that Diermot is able to manipulate an
object as well as look at it. While the crosshair is
positioned over an object, CLICK BUTTON B, and a menu should
appear. Move the mouse up and down to scroll through the
list of available commands, then select BUTTON A to select
the required action.
   BUTTON B on the other hand will cancel the menu box and
return you to the main screen.
page twenty
-----------
   LOOKING THROUGH WINDOWS
   -----------------------
      It's worth mentioning that if  you want to look
through a crack or a window, you treat it as if you are
manipulating an object. Once your crosshair appears CLICK
BUTTON B and you will be offered the option to "look through
the crack" or "look through the window". Press BUTTON A to
select this action or BUTTON B to cancel. By the way, you
CAN'T interact with people or objects you see in this
mode-all you can do is observe, and pressing either botton
will take you back to your actual location.
              TALKING TO PEOPLE
              -----------------
   Talking to other characters in Lure of the Temptress
works in a similar way to interacting with the objects. Move
the pointer over a character and the pointer will change
into the crosshair sight. At the same time, in the left hand
corner of the screen, the characters name-or their
description-will appear. Clicking BUTTON A will make Diermot
EXAMINE the character, but to talk to them CLICK BUTTON B
instead. A TALK menu will appear allowing you to converse
with the character, ask them for something, give them
something or in some cases tell them to do something-to
issue commands. When characters are engaged in
conversation(whether with you,me, or each other) they'll
have a small word balloon above their heads so you'll know.
page twentyone
--------------
             CONVERSING IN GENERAL
             ---------------------
   I'd better explain a little further about the actual
conversing, because i hope it's something you'll be doing a
lot of in this adventure. Having selected the character you
wish to interact with, you then select TALK TO from the TALK
menu i mentioned earlier. One of two things will
happen......
   (1) A conversation will unfold in front of your eyes,
contained within dialogue boxes. If you've read what's been
said by one character and you want to advance the
conversation, then position you pointer over the name at the
top of the dialogue box, and press EITHER BUTTON. (If you do
nothing at all then the conversation will advance
automatically after a short period of time anyway.)
   (2) When talking to certain characters you may be given a
choice of questions or statements-the relevant lines of text
will appear at the top of the screen. After deciding what
you are going to say(and DO be careful), move the pointer to
the line you have chosen and click BUTTON A. You will
immediately get a response from the other party and may be
given another list of questions or statements. Do the same,
again and again, until the conversation is terminated. If
you decide that you do not want to continue the conversation
at any time then CLICK BUTTON B-the talk option will be
cancelled and you will be returned to the main game window.
   I recommend that you save your position before you enter
in a conversation with the more unsavoury characters.
PAGE TWENTYTWO
--------------
                   ISSUING COMMANDS
                   ----------------
   If you're talking to certain characters in the game,
you'll notice that the TALK menu contains not just the GIVE,
ASK and TALK TO commands, but also the TELL command. By
using this TELL command you can get a character to do
exactly as you want. ( You can command me, Ratpouch, for
one-so here's how to make me do things.)
   Having Clicked on me and selected TELL in the TALK
menu(with BUTTON A),  the beginning of a sentence appears at
the top of the screen. It says "TELL Ratpouch to....." But
to what? Tell me to what? Okay, so you'll notice that a new
menu has opened up, containing a list of verbs which you can
scroll through by moving the mouse back and forth. Find one
that you like the look of and highlight it and press BUTTON
A. Let's say you picked "GO TO", so now the example reads
"TELL RATPOUCH TO GO TO..." And now the menu has changed to
a list of locations. How about the sewer outlet? Okay,
highlight it and CLICK BUTTON A.  "TELL RATPOUCH TO GO TO
THE SEWER OUTLET AND...." Back comes the verb menu.
Highlight  "GET". A menu of gettable items appears....choose
sewerage. The verb menu reappears....choose drink. A
drinkable menu appears...choose sewerage. Then choose
"return". Your command now reads "TELL RATPOUCH TO GO TO THE
SEWER OUTLET AND THEN GET SEWERAGE AND THEN DRINK SEWERAGE
AND THEN RETURN." IF YOU WANT ME TO CARRY OUT THE ORDER,
HIGHLIGHT THE WORD "FINISH", CLICK BUTTON A, AND OFF I'LL
TROT TO DO YOUR BIDDING.
   If you do not like the choice of options that you have
set up use BUTTON B which, upon each click, will backspace
through the commands allowing you to make corrections.
               USE OF THE TELL COMMAND
               -----------------------
   You will discover some very sophisticated effects using
the "TELL" command, and you can save yourself some time to
boot-by getting someone like me to to do things for you.
Occasionally you may actually need to use the TELL command,
for example when Diermot is unable to carry out an action
himself. At other times the TELL command is necessary
because although Diermot is capable of doing something, he
really ought to be somewhere else, doing something else.
PAGE TWENTYFOUR
---------------
               GIVING AND TAKING
               -----------------
   If you CLICK BUTTON A on GIVE in the TALK MENU, it will
be assumed that you want to give something to the character
you have selected, and a menu containing your inventory will
be shown. Scroll through, if necessary, and highlight the
object you wish to get rid of by CLICKING with BUTTON A
again. If the person that you are trying to give the item to
wants it then they will take it. If not, they won't.
   It's the same process for taking an object from a person.
Once you've selected a character, highlight ASK in the TALK
MENU and then a menu of things you have seen or heard about
will appear. Click on the object you require with BUTTON A
and if the person you ask (a) has the object and (b) wants
to give it to you, then they will. If they don't, they
won't.
PAGE TWENTYFIVE
---------------
                     MORTAL COMBAT
                     -------------
   As soon as a combat situation is entered, the pointer
system will change. The pointer is now displayed as an
"Advance Arrow", a "retreat arrow" or an "axe icon"...It all
depends on the positioning of the mouse. Let's do a walk
through.
