for a Star Fleet top secret project..."
    During Hrgon's speech, Tarva figured that he just didn't
know how to handle a good warrior.
    Hrgon continued "Finally, I am not aware of any top secret
missions in this quadrant.  Star Fleet would not be running
training missions in this quadrant without alerting me."
    "Sir," Tarva said "What if she is telling the truth?"
    "That's just not possible."
    "Sir, you must have an open mind when it comes to matters
like these.  Shouldn't you at least consider the consequences of
pursuing what may be a classified project.  There may be a very
good reason for such tight security."  Tarva was trying to act
like she was piecing her argument together as she went.
    Hrgon seemed to take extreme offense to the argument.
"Commander, I'm a Rear Admiral in Star Fleet.  I am responsible
for the security of this entire quadrant my integrity is beyond
reproach."
    Tarva was extremely uncomfortable with anybody believing
themselves so invincible.  "Sir, I'm one of the few survivors of
Wolf-359.  I've lived through what can happen when an enemy gets
inside the head of someone who's loyalty and integrity are
beyond reproach.  If we don't start keeping that in mind as we
form our own power bases, the Federation may not be so lucky
next time."
    "Commander, do you know more about this then you are letting
on?" Hrgon suddenly sounded extremely suspicious.  "Tell me,
just exactly which ship did you come in on."
    Whitecloud began fidgeting around under the table.  Soon she
ducked down so nobody could see her.
    "Sir, I resent the implication your making." Tarva said
"Could it be, that I've struck a cord you don't want to hear?"
    Lieutenant Bloom was looking into the room "Sir, where did
she go?"
    "I think she went under the table." Malory responded.
    "What the hell is she doing?" Bloom asked and approached the
window to get a better look.
    Whitecloud stood up from under the table and looked directly
at the window.  She then calmly lifted her right hand as if
pointing at them.
    "Look out, she's got a phaser!" Bloom yelled and dived
toward the Admiral knocking him to the deck.  Malory and Tarva
hit the floor to the whine of the phaser and exploding glass.
    Lieutenant Bloom was the first one up, hitting his comm pin
and calling for security as Whitecloud jumped through the
window.  He was grabbing for his phaser as she approach then
hesitated when she seemed to be turning away.  He never realized
that she was setting up for the round house kick that dropped
him to the floor, unconscious.
    Whitecloud then grabbed Tarva from behind holding her close
across the abdomen with the phaser between them.  It was clear
to all that she had the phaser set to maximum power.
    "Everybody get up." Whitecloud said to Malory and Hrgon.
    "If you were really Star Fleet," Malory said "you wouldn't
be doing this."
    "Lieutenant, you'll never get away from here," Hrgon added
"you've just sealed your fate."
    "You make any kind of move on me," Whitecloud said calmly
but with wild eyes "I'll take the Kalonian with me.  Do you
really want to risk that?"
    "Lieutenant," Tarva said "be reasonable you don't want to do
this." sweat had begun to form on her face.
    "Quiet!" Whitecloud demanded and nudged the phaser some
"Quiet all of you!"
    The door to the room flew open and three security guards
jumped through phasers in hand.  The first two fired point blank
at both Tarva and Whitecloud.  At the same time Malory jumped at
Whitecloud hoping to knock the phaser loose.  He heard the tell
tale sound of a phaser set on full power being fired when the
shots from the security phasers struck him.  Just as he would
have hit them, Whitecloud and Tarva were enveloped by a red glow
and disappeared.  Leaving Malory to roll to the floor
unconscious.
-----------
    Captain Percival Malory lay in his own bunk aboard the
Delphi, his head still throbbed after almost a full day.  The
phaser blasts on top of his previous injuries had made him
extremely weak.  He still wasn't sure what had happened, he
hadn't heard from the Vigilante and it didn't go down the way
he'd been told it would.
    He wasn't sure if he'd drifted off or what but he was
suddenly aware of a presence next to his bed.  He turned to
look, it was his old friend Sashon.  She wasn't dressed in her
standard mustard yellow uniform but in a baggy black one.
    She leaned over to look at him, her long braid fell to one
side.  "How are you she whispered?"
    "Fine, just very weak, Dr Mayak tells me I should be good as
new pretty soon." he smiled and sat up slightly leaning on his
elbows. "When am I going to get my officers back?"
    "They'll be along very soon." Tarva said quietly "Just
remember your one last promise."
    "Don't worry, I'm in too deep to back out now." then asked
"What about the logs we down loaded to Star Base 89?"
    "We have to trust that Commander Shelby can take care of
those files."  Tarva said carefully.  She could see the strain
in his face. "I've got to go."
    "Make sure you come back, I don't want this all to end up
being just a waste of time." he had eased himself back down
flat.
    "I'll do my best, I promise."  She leaned over and kissed
him lightly then stood up straight.  He watched her flip open
her large communicator and say something into it.  "Good bye my
friend." she said to him then was gone.
    "Good bye.." he said, then surrendered to the exhaustion.
-----------
    The following day, Tarva went down to one of the cargo bays
to see the final loose end tied up.  In the bay sat one of their
few standard transports.  This one had been given private
markings and I.D. codes.  The ship was too big for the bay and
sat at an angle to fit.
    Commander Assali and crew stood dressed in their
environmental suits outside the ship waiting for the pilot.
They had purposely damaged the suits and covered themselves with
dirt.
    One of the few human drop ship pilots had planned to pilot
the transport but Norton and Kartang had decided otherwise.
They didn't need another 'loose canon' on the Delphi even if it
was just for an hour or two.
    "So who's going to pilot it?" Assali was asking Shuttle Bay
Chief, Taragoma.
    "I'm not sure" he said "but he should be here anytime now."
    As if in response to his prediction a door to the bay opened
to allow in a person dressed in non-issue clothing.  The clothes
looked like a conglomeration of Klingon and Romulan uniforms
with some other odd equipment thrown in for good measure.  An
old style Romulan disrupter hung comfortably at her side.
    Taragoma didn't recognize her at first until he noticed her
bright red hair which had been slicked down flat.  He smiled and
said "You'd better wear your seat belts."
    Assali recognized her too "Isn't that Ensign O'Malley, the
navigator?"
    Tarva had joined them "Yes, Commander, it is."
    They watched her begin the preflight check with one of the
technicians.  "Don't you have somebody other then the ships
navigator for this mission?" Assali asked.
    "Most of our Drop Ship pilots are not human," Tarva said "we
felt that after the trouble we've caused, a non human pilot
would actually invite closer scrutiny.  The few pilots that are
human, however, have had, shall we say, a falling out with Star
Fleet of one sort or another.  It's been decided that Ensign
O'Malley would be the best pilot to deal with Star Fleet at this
time."
    O'Malley approached the group and stood at attention "Sir,
the ship is ready for departure." she said to both Tarva and
Assali.
    "Very good," Tarva said "prepare for departure."
    The four boarded the ship.  It had been loaded with an array
of trade goods and amenities for long haul travel.  It really
looked and smelled like someone had been living in it for a long
time.
    O'Malley sat in the pilot's seat with Assali at co-pilot.
Albert and Meede sat in makeshift net type slings in the cargo
area.  "This is the Faraday requesting clearance for departure."
O'Malley said to flight control.
    "Faraday your cleared for liftoff." Taragoma replied.
    The blast shields in the cabin snapped shut as the Faraday
slowly lifted from the deck.  The ship rotated forcing the aft
end through the force field of the bay so it could slip free of
the ship.  O'Malley hated flying blind.
    The Vigilante had moved to the asteroid belt to let the
Faraday out unseen.  The blast shields remained shut until the
ship was clear of the Vigilante's cloaking.  Great measures had
been taken to keep details from their guests, they weren't about
to cancel that by letting them get a look at the actual ship.
    "Captain," Lieutenant Penthrach turned toward Malory "We're
being hailed by an incoming transport."
    Malory wore a small regen patch near his ear and sat extra
straight still feeling the effects of the back brace he'd very
recently shed.  "On screen."
    The face of a young, red haired female human filled the
screen.  "Hailing the U.S.S. Delphi, this is the Transport
Faraday."
    "This is the Delphi, Captain Malory speaking." Malory said.
    "Captain" the woman replied "I'm Janny Osborn, owner and
operator of the Faraday.  I believe I have some people you've
been looking for."
    "Indeed?" Malory tried to sound slightly intrigued but not
really interested.
    They could see her reach up and adjust something on the
control board.  The view on the screen started to widen
revealing a very familiar face.
    Malory stood up quickly to the sounds of gasps from the rest
of the bridge crew.  "What is the meaning of this?" he tried to
sound as surprised as the rest of the crew.
    Commander Assali sat next to the pilot, he wore a tattered
environmental suit and was smudged with dirt. "Captain, Sir,
permission to come aboard?" he said.
    "It's a trick." Qhasmon hissed "We saw them die in that
explosion."
    Malory ignored the Andorean "Are there any other survivors?"
he asked trying to sound very unconvinced.
    "All three of us survived," Assali said "the others are in
the back.  Sir, if we could expedite this, we haven't had a
shower in quite awhile."
    Malory signaled to have audio broadcast cut then turned to
the ORACLE operator "What can you tell me about that ship?" he
had to cover all the bases he normally would.
    "Sir, I read four life forms, all humanoid." She scanned the
readings closer "There is no unusual power output or
substances." she continued to dial in, "In fact, sir, I read the
power output to be quite weak.  My first guess would be that the
dilithium crystals are deteriorated."
    Malory turned back to the screen "Permission granted to land
your craft in shuttle bay 1."  He then cut the audio transmitter
again and turned to the intercom. "Security and Medical to
Shuttle Bay 1.  Shuttle Bay 1 prepare for incoming transport."
    "Captain," O'Malley said cautiously trying to play the role
"Your crew has promised me certain compensation for returning
them."
    "Are you trying to ransom my crew to me, Captain Osborn?"
Malory asked very suspiciously, he hadn't been told of this
twist.
    "No, Sir." O'Malley replied with what seemed to be a twinge
of fear.  "It's just that this being a high security area I may
have trouble leaving freely.  I've been promised safe passage,
absolutely no interference."
    Malory looked toward Assali for confirmation "That's
correct, Sir.  With the stipulation that she does not incur any
offenses while with us."
    O'Malley laughed "Yea, I'm to be on my best behavior."  She
then said "There is one other thing that is even more
important."
    "And what is that?" Malory said, though, knowing how these
people operated he could guess what it was.
    "As your scanners have probably already told you," O'Malley
said "My supply of dilithium crystals has begun to deteriorate.
I've been promised the needed repairs to the drive and
replacement of the crystals."
    "What ever Mr Assali has promised, I will stand by." Malory
finally said tiring of the 'negotiations'.
    "Very good" the red head said "Starting approach to shuttle
bay."  the screen returned to standard view of the approaching
ship.
    "Sir," Penthrach said "In coming message from Admiral Hrgon.
Apparently he's been monitoring the conversation."
    'Here it comes' Malory thought to himself then said "Thank
you Mr Penthrach, I'll take it in my ready-room."
    The transport expertly slid into the shuttle bay and set
down smoothly.  The door on the side of the long boxy body
hissed and jerked open.  Steam poured out of release valves
partially obscuring the opening.  A short figure walked up to
the door way then started down the stairs.  He wore a tattered
environmental suit and carried the helmet professionally under
one arm.
    The semi circle of security guards around the opening knew
at once it was Lieutenant Meede.  Immediately behind Meede, came
Midshipman Albert looking similarly disheveled.  By the time
Meede reached the deck the doorway was filled by Commander
Assali.  Finally, Chief of Security Zalvosta loudly said
"Attention, First Officer on Deck"  bringing the assembly to
stiff attention as Commander Assali descended the ramp.
    Zalvosta approached the three "Sir, Welcome back" She said.
    "Where's Captain Malory?" Assali asked.  Then smiled "I
thought he would be here to greet his prodigal sons personally."
    "Sir," Zalvosta replied "He received an urgent message from
Admiral Hrgon just as you were making your final approach."
    "Yes, I understand." they were expecting as much.
    Doctor Mayak approached with her team to begin preliminary
scans of the survivors.  Zalvosta turned to speak with Meede
but was distracted by a commotion from the assembly.  Coming
down the gangplank was an oddly dressed woman with slicked down
bright red hair.
    The woman wore what appeared to be an assortment of
mismatched older style Romulan and Klingon uniforms.  There was
also a small assortment of equipment strapped to her, not the
least of which was an old Romulan disrupter casually dangling
from her round hip.  This was obviously the pilot, Janny Osborn.
    "Ms Osborn," Zalvosta said when she reached the bottom of
the steps "I'm going to have to ask you to leave the weapon with
us for the duration of your stay."
    O'Malley looked at Zalvosta suspiciously for a second then
looked at Meede and Assali, Assali nodded.  O'Malley made a
quick motion toward the disrupter jerking it from the holster
and spinning it next to her at the same time.  The barrel ended
in her hand with butt pointing out.  She then turned and gave it
to Meede.
-----------
    The assembly sat in one of the Delphi's meeting rooms.
Present were Admiral Hrgon and his aid, Captain Malory,
Commander Assali, Lieutenant Meede, and Midshipman Albert.  Also
present was the ORACLE operator on duty at the time of the
explosion at AR-24 and Janice O'Malley.
    O'Malley sat toward one end of the table away from the rest.
She was slouched back with her feet sticking out in front of
her.  It was all she could do to keep from putting them up on
the table but figured she was pushing it as it was.  She really
enjoyed playing the rogue.
    Admiral Hrgon turned to O'Malley "Let me get this straight,
you were passing by the AR-24 system when you picked up a
distress signal?"
    "As I've said several times before," O'Malley said "I was
passing by the system when I received what sounded like a
distress call.  The Faraday was already starting to have
problems but I figured there may at least be something to
salvage.  It wouldn't take much to scan the area and see if I
could find something to help fix my drive."
    "You weren't even thinking of survivors?" Malory asked.
    "Of course, if there were survivors there would be a better
chance of some usable equipment.  Besides, a lot of times there
is a reward for the safe return of survivors.  Sometimes, the
survivors are able to express their appreciation for being
rescued."  O'Malley had rehearsed the story well.
    "Did you know that charging survivors for rescue is against
just about every code there is?" Hrgon asked in disbelief.
    "Of course, but there is usually some sort of voluntary
reward.  For instance, I would not have come here if it wasn't
for your crew.  My first choice was the Nexus Colony, they were
much closer and not nearly as patrolled as this place is."
    "And you would have had to pay for your own repairs at
Nexus, is that right?" Hrgon was more making a statement then
asking a question.
    "I'm a trader, I have to make the greatest return possible.
If I come out of this with free quality repairs, I've done quite
well."
    "Surely" Hrgon said trying to look threatening "You know
that if we run a complete I.D. check on you, you'd probably be
arrested."
    "I was assured safe passage by a Commander in Star Fleet,
that was enough for me." O'Malley had to remain confident.
    "That is enough, Sir." O'Malley said firmly to Hrgon.
"We've had enough tragedy from this incident, it's time to close
the book on it."
    Hrgon took the opportunity to turn on Malory "And how do you
explain abandoning your landing party on a planet with a hostile
environment?"
     "Sir, there were several factors leading to the apparent
'abandonment'.  First of all, there was some effect from the
rock structures on the planet on the ORACLE sensors. Couple this
with the storms, and we were effectively sensor blind. False
images abounded and by the time we did get a good check, thanks
to the timely recovery of Lt. T'irna, there were no life signs
on the planet. Moreover, both you and Star Fleet command had
ordered the DELPHI to come here at once anyway. You because you
wanted to question the survivors personally, and Star Fleet
command on the whims of the late Commodore Albrit."
    Hrgon frowned at the shifting of blame but before he could
say anything Assali said "Sir, we were unconscious for over
twenty four hours, by the time we dug our way out of the sand we
could not reach the Delphi, our communicators were destroyed.
If Ms Osborn hadn't also heard the distress call that originally
brought the Delphi in we would be dead by now."
    The discussion of detailed events lasted several more hours.
Each person involved ended up telling their story several times,
some times in groups and sometimes separately.  In the end Hrgon
begrudgingly closed the case accepting the stories as they stood
but vowed that he knew some kind of cover up was happening.  He
also said that he thought that all of this was somehow connected
with Whitecloud and 'The Vigilante' and would eventually prove
-----------
    Malory, Meede and Assali stood in the shuttle bay to see
O'Malley off, all other standard personnel had been dismissed.
Meede carried the disrupter and gave it back to O'Malley as she
stood in front of the ramp.
    "I'm glad you finally decided to trust us" O'Malley said to
Meede spinning the weapon back into it's holster.
    "I didn't have much choice." he said then added with as much
of a smile as he could muster "I half wish I was going with you,
that was a fine crew."
    "Thank you," O'Malley said "Coming from you, that is quite a
complement."
    She then turned to Assali.
    "Give my regards to everyone, I wish you the best of luck."
Assali said holding out his hand.
    O'Malley shook the Commander's hand and said "Thank you,
sir, we'll need it."
    Malory also offered his hand "I thought I had said all of my
good byes already." he said "Just make sure you bring them back,
is that clear."
    "Yes, Sir." O'Malley said then shook his hand.  Before she
let go, she hugged the Captain lightly then the other two.
Janice then climbed the steps to the Faraday and disappeared
behind them as they closed.
    The Faraday waited as the bay doors opened then slid out of
the Delphi and headed to the asteroid belt.
                              ++++
    The woman standing next to Captain Anthony's bed seemed tall
for a human female.  Her wavy blond hair was cut to above
shoulder length and was held casually away from her face with
several clips.  She wore the red uniform and insignia of Star
Fleet Command.
    Anthony stared at the woman as she sat down on the edge of
his bed.  "Robert," she said softly "your doing the right thing.
Star Fleet needs information on the Borg.  If they ever return
in force, it could mean the end of life as we know it.  You know
that can't be allowed to happen.  Everybody here knows the
risks, they've accepted them.  Use the information we obtained
from the battle to keep your crew alive."
    "I've lost so many already" he whispered "and we haven't
even left the Federation."
    "I know," she said soothingly "many more could die too, if
you let them."
    Anthony raised his hand to touch her face and she reached
out to touch his.  "I love you.." he said as she faded away.
    The door signal chimed waking Anthony, he called for the
visitor to enter.  Commander Tarva came in and stood at
attention just inside the door.
    "Sir," she said "all final tests have been completed, the
U.S.S. Vigilante is ready for deployment."
    "Very good," he said "Notify all hands to prepare for
departure within the hour.  I'll be with you in a moment." Tarva
reached for the wall mounted communicator to relay the orders
and Captain Anthony headed into the bathroom to change.
    Tarva waited in the first room in her standard 'at-ease'
posture looking around the Captain's cabin.  She had been here
before but had never taken a close look at it.  The cabin
consisted of three rooms separated by the same style dividers as
in her room.  The first room was set up as a meeting room with a
table and several chairs.  The middle room was the sitting room,
with a couch and the standard rough duty chairs.  The third room
had the large, almost double bed, closet and other amenities.
    Next to the door, was a shelf with a glass covered pedestal.
On the pedestal was a faded blue book with well worn edges.  In
the upper right hand quadrant were stacked faded gold print
words 'Collected Poems of Robert Service'.
    Tarva pushed a button on the pedestal, the front of the
glass opened and the platform holding the book slid out at her.
Tarva carefully opened the front cover and saw a name penned on
the inside 'L..ry Na..' the rest seemed to be an address.
Something compelled her to turn to the end of the book and read
the last stanza of the last poem...
               And so, frail creatures of a day,
             Let's have a good time while we may,
             And do the very best we can
             To give one to our fellow man;
             Knowing that all will end with Death,
             And lift our heads like blossoms blithe
             To meet at last the Swinging Sythe.
                             FINIS
                        to be continued........
------------
                   T  H E   V I G I L A N T E
                              IVA
                        "Ring of Spears"
            "Deny your God!" they ringed me with their spears;
            Blood-crazed were they, and reeking from the strife;
            Hell-hot their hate, and venom-fanged their sneers,
            And one man spat on me and nursed a knife.
            ..........
                 "The Soldier of Fortune"
                      Robert Service
    The screen showed the count down, fifteen minutes was almost
up....00:59, 00:58...the bridge crew sat quietly, preparing for
the inevitable...Phasers had been secured by all stations, just
in case....00:37, 00:36...
    Captain Anthony looked at his crew, they seemed almost
relaxed, but they had done this before...0:24, 0:23...
    Behind the numbers, were the rushing stars illusion of warp.
The Vigilante had jumped to high warp when the count down had
reached 01:00.
    Ensign O'Malley watched the displays on her control panel.
Had she set the coordinates properly? or would they die in the
middle of a star.  She was aware of the padding of the head rest
of her seat.  She could remember how it felt in the
past...00:13, 00:12...
    Commander Norton couldn't suppress a grin, this was the
ultimate adventure, from a planet of half breed out-casts to the
greatest mission ever, he'd been preparing for this all his
life...
    The computer voice came on "TEN, NINE,...".  it seemed like
an eternity, "...THREE, TWO, ONE." The stars on the screen
turned blue and started forming rings.
    00:01, 00:02 ...the numbers started counting back up but
blurred from the screen...
    Captain Anthony felt the seat wrap around him, like in the
past.  The blue tunnel on the view screen started rushing at
him, it was pushing him through the chair.  He instinctively
tried to reach for the console in front of him but his arms
refused to move.  A noise started coming to him, it was a chorus
of screams, he joined in....
    In engineering, Commander Dolittel watched anti-matter
mixing chamber 1 pulse at its steady rate.  The worm-hole was
caused by alignments in the warp drives, what most engineers
would consider a fatal design flaw.  The power draw wasn't any
different than it was at warp 9.6 so engineering wasn't as taxed
a one would think.  The blue rings of the worm-hole drove
through him....
    As quickly as the discomfort had started, it was over.  It
left behind splitting headaches and knotted muscles.  It seemed
only a short time, but ten minutes had past.
    Captain Anthony undid the restraints and slid from his chair
gasping.  On either side of him, Tarva and Norton also tried to
catch their breath and fumbled at the restraints.  Anthony knelt
on the deck at the foot of his chair, his right arm lay across
the seat and the other propped him up.  This had been the
longest jump yet and he could feel it.
    The standard rushing stars of warp were back on the screen,
superimposed on them was the worm-hole count, 10:00.  Anthony
looked to his helmsman.
    "Full Stop."
    "Aye, Aye, Sir." the Ensign said "Full stop".  He then
pushed a few buttons on his console.  The rushing stars
disappeared.
    Anthony pulled himself back into his chair, "Mr. Norton,
report."
    "Sir," Norton paused trying to clear his head completely. "I
read no sign of activity in this sector and no sign of the worm
hole."
    "Thank you, Commander." Anthony turned toward his navigator.
"Ensign O'Malley, do you have our location plotted yet?"
    Janice leaned forward with left elbow on her console and
held her head while she worked with her right hand.  "Sir,
destination sector confirmed, we're at the far side of suspected
Ferengi frontier."  They had gone completely through the Romulan
empire and now were beyond any sector the Federation had ever
visited.
    "Very good, begin plotting the next leap....Ah, Ensign, this
time lets keep worm-hole time down to around, say eight minutes.
That last ride just about did everybody in."
    "Aye, Sir." Janice smiled, the Captain was trying to make it
sound like he wasn't responsible for that ten minute jump.
    Janice began plotting the next leap.  After each use of the
worm-hole they had to recalculate a new heading.  The worm-hole
never placed them exactly where they had intended and the error
increased the longer the jump.
    Anthony turned on the ship's public address system
"Attention crew, prepare for next controlled worm-hole in one
hour.  All stations should have status reports filed with in
fifteen minutes.  That is all."
    For the next hour, the bridge crew reviewed the reports from
the rest of the ship and ran tests of their own.  It was
imperative that The Vigilante be in perfect condition before
using the worm-hole.
-----------
    Anthony sat in the Command Room at the head of the long
table.  He'd been reviewing some of the command reports but his
attention had wandered to a nearby window.  The blast shields
had been opened to give him a view, now he just sat and stared
at the stars.   The blackness and the stars engulfed him.
    The mission had been so long in the making, it was hard to
believe they had finally taken the first step.  Two more jumps
would put them in the same sector that The Enterprise had first
encounter the Borg.  The Enterprise had been 'flung' there by an
entity known as the 'Q'.  It had apparently wanted to prove that
the Federation was not prepared for what lay outside of its
borders.  That one encounter, had brought the Borg to the heart
of the Federation.  That one encounter had changed his life,
forever.  That one encounter, in fact, had brought this crew
together.
    Anthony still wondered what it was like when the Nielsen was
destroyed.  Did she die doing battle or was she merely swept
aside like so many other victims.  He would never know, and when
it came down to it, he didn't really want to know.
    The stars suddenly disappeared replaced by the dull gray of
the blast shield.  Anthony could hear the door slide open and
someone enter the room.  He turned to look.
    "Sir," it was Commander Tarva.  She stood in her stiff.
at-ease posture, close enough to the door to keep it open.  "We
are prepared to begin count down for the second worm-hole."
    Anthony looked at his First Officer, she had been at
Wolf-359.  He wanted to ask her what she knew of the Nielsen but
couldn't.  He knew that it was as difficult for her to speak of
as it was for him.  Just having her as his first officer, made
him feel closer to the last moments of his real life.
    "Thank you, Commander, make it so."
    "Very good, Sir."  Tarva came to attention, snapped about
face, then exited the room.
    Tarva was a true enigma, sometimes she was, stiff,
absolutely military, other times, she acted like an old friend.
Perhaps she could sense when he needed distance, or perhaps, she
needed the distance.
-----------
    The jumps seemed to get easier, perhaps they were getting
used to them.  The crew came out of the third jump fully
functional, which was good, since it was a suspected Borg
sector.  This was the same sector the Enterprise had first met
the Borg.
    "Long range sensors report." Anthony said immediately.
    Norton checked his screen.  "Sir, scanners indicate no
activity in this sector."
    Anthony had released himself from the restraints and was
stretching.  He turned to Commander Tarva "Commander, what's our
status?"
    "Sir, all sections report no apparent damages.  Full reports
will be ready shortly."  Tarva was still fully strapped into her
seat.
    Anthony stood behind O'Malley who was still trying to
stretch off the effects of the worm-hole.  "Ensign, how many
star systems are in this sector?"
    "Checking now, Sir." O'Malley immediately reached for her
controls.  "Sir, there are three systems in this sector, one
yellow system and two reds."
    "Thank you, Ensign."  Anthony turned and looked at his crew
while he thought.  Their mission was quite open ended, seek out
the Borg in the heart of their territory and collect as much
useful information on them as possible.  They did not know were
the Borg came from, so this was just the first step in tracing
them back to their, hopefully, 'home' planet.  He turned back to
O'Malley.
    "Ensign, plot a course to the nearest system.  What would be
our E.T.A. at Warp seven?"  Anthony stood between the two front
stations with his thumbs hooked in the pockets of his uniform
jacket.
    After a few calculations, she reported "At warp seven, the
closest system is 10 hours 15 minutes away."
    "Very good, lets go take a look."
    "Course laid in, Sir."
    "Engage."
    The helmsman went to work.
    Anthony turned to Norton "Mr Norton, what's our status?"
    "Sir, Shields are currently at 25% power and cloaking is
engaged.  We have full power available any time it is needed."
    Anthony took his seat and turned to Tarva "What do you
think?"
    Tarva had finally taken the time to undue her restraints.
She finished a communication with medical, then turned to the
Captain.  "Sir, we could be exploring out here for a year and
never see a sign of the Borg.  The cube the Enterprise
encountered may have been some sort of long range scout.  There
may never have been any other Borg presence in this quadrant."
    "I quite agree, but this is all we have to go on."
    "Just so we're prepared to do a lot of simple exploring for
the Federation."  Tarva pushed her console aside and stood up to
stretch.
    Anthony stood too, looking at the view screen he smiled "I
hope it doesn't come to that."
    "So do I, Sir"  Tarva returned the ironic grin.
-----------
    Janice had been relieved until they reached the first
system, she had eight hours to get some rest.  In her rooms she
found Whitecloud working on the painting of the eagle again.
    "How can you be working on something like that when we've
finally entered Borg territory?"  she asked.
    Whitecloud seemed to ignore her as she finished a tree line.
Anndrea was wearing a knee length white smock over the standard
tight black under uniform.  She put her brush in a glass of
water and stood up.
    Anndrea smiled at her friend "And why aren't you on the
bridge?"
    Janice was already sitting on the foot of her bed removing
her boots.  She laughed "I guess we all need some time off."
    "Or away," Anndrea added,  then got slightly serious "Your
going to want to get some sleep?"
    "Is that okay?" Janice knew it had to be but couldn't help
being courteous, especially to a ranking officer and friend.
She still hadn't figured out which came first in this forced
relationship.
    "We never should have let ourselves get on differing sleep
schedules."  Anndrea had grabbed her uniform off her bed and
turned to go into the head.
    "Thank you." Janice didn't actually plan to 'go to bed' just
turn down the lights and relax to some music.
    Janice took off her uniform jacket and laid down over the
covers on the bunk.  She looked around the rooms waiting for
Whitecloud to leave so she could turn down the lights.  Janice
looked at the pair of weapons hanging on the wall near
Whitecloud's paintings.  One was the Romulan disrupter she
carried when she'd visited the Delphi.  The other was the,
adjusted phaser that had been beamed to Whitecloud to get her
and Commander Tarva off of Star Base 89.
    Whitecloud came out of the head in full uniform.  "I'll be
in the training room, they may actually need us some time soon."
she smiled.
    "Someday, I suppose." Janice agreed with a laugh.
    Whitecloud turned off the lights as she left.
-----------
    When Janice returned to the bridge, they were just preparing
to drop out of warp for approach to the system.  The system was
a red one.  The star was small and dark.  There were five
planets and two asteroid belts.  Two of the planets appeared to
have atmospheres, the others were gas giants.
    "Sir, approaching first target planet." O'Malley reported.
    "Put it on the main screen." Tarva said and joined Anthony
who was already standing.
    The planet appeared to be brown and very hazy, as if it was
surrounded by a cloud.
    "What's that cloud?" Tarva asked before Captain Anthony
could.
    "Undetermined." O'Malley replied.
    "Sir," it was Lieutenant S'Erlet, the science officer who's
station was on the perimeter behind Tarva.
    "Go ahead." Anthony said to his often neglected Science
Officer.
    "Sir, it appears that the planet is surrounded by a large
amount of debris."  The Vulcan continued to watch his
instruments.
    "What kind of debris, and is it safe for us to take up a
standard orbit?"  Anthony asked.
    "I am not sure of the source of the debris but it appears to
be natural.  We should be safe in a high orbit."
    "Very good, helm take us to a high orbit."
    "Aye, Sir" the helmsman said and made some adjustments to
his controls.
    The Vigilante moved to a high pole to pole orbit.  With the
planet's rotation, they'd be able to do a cursory survey of the
whole planet relatively quickly.
    "Sir," S'Erlet spoke up after about ten minutes of study.
    "Go ahead." was Anthony's only reply.
    "It appears that the debris is made of dirt and rock from
the planet's surface.  The planet has no mineral deposits and
appears to have no layer of top soil.  In fact, I believe that
it is missing several kilometers of its surface thickness."
    "You mean that all of this debris is from the planet
itself?" Tarva asked.
    "Yes, Sir, But I can't make positive conclusions without
visiting the surface directly."  S'Erlet knew he was pushing a
bit with that request but he'd been allowing himself to be in
the background long enough.
    "What's the surface and atmosphere like?" Tarva asked.
    "Sir, there is a thin atmosphere and the surface is almost
all rock." S'Erlet was intrigued that they were taking his
suggestion of an away team seriously.
    Tarva hailed Golta in Drop Team Operations.
    "Golta here." came the gruff Kalonian reply.
    "Prepare an away team to escort Science Officer, Lieutenant
S'Erlet to the surface."  Tarva said casually.
    "Yes, Sir, Golta out."
    S'Erlet fed the necessary planet information to Operations,
then headed down there himself.
    "Helm, adjust orbit to a geo-syncronis orbit over Lieutenant
S'Erlet's chosen coordinates."  Anthony sat back in his chair
and waited.  Soon they'd have their first real look at the
planet.  Could this debris around the planet be, in some way,
related to the Borg?  Probably not, but they had to investigate
every clue.
-----------
    Four figures appeared on the barren rock of the planet.
Three wore dark gray, armored pressure suits the forth wore a
non-armored suit but was the same color and design of the
others.  The fourth also carried two cases of instruments and
immediately opened one.
    The three in armor had phasers in hand and spread out to
survey the area.  "Lieutenant Whitecloud to Vigilante".
    "This is Captain Anthony," Came the immediate reply "go
ahead."
    Whitecloud switched her phaser to her left hand then started
pushing some buttons on the control panels on the left arm.
"Initiating visuals."
    "Acknowledged" There was a pause as they adjusted their view
screen.  "Visuals coming in clear, thank you, Lieutenant."  The
bridge crew were now watching through the mission camera built
into her suit.
    The planet was mostly large smooth rock.  There was very
little dust let alone dirt.  With the thin atmosphere, there
would be no weathering to create the dirt.
    After S'Erlet broke out his equipment and the team started a
slow walking survey of the area.  They soon noticed that the
rocks weren't as smooth as they first appeared.  Many places
were deeply gouged some places even looked cut.  It was hard to
tell what could have done the cutting, but it appeared to have
only happened recently.  The rock formations were not
sedimentary rock, most appeared to be magma formed.
    During most of that day, and the next, the team was
transported all over the planet surveying and tacking samples.
Ten hours after the last survey, Lieutenant S'Erlet was ready to
present his findings.
    S'Erlet stood at the head of the Command Room, seated at the
table nearest him was Lieutenant Whitecloud.  Captain Anthony,
and Commanders Tarva, Norton and Dolittel awaited his report.
    Since Lieutenant Whitecloud had help S'Erlet collect and
sort the data she was there to help with the presentation.  She
pushed a few buttons and brought up a split screen of the
planet.  One side showed an approaching view of the planet in
its brown cloud, the other view showed a dramatic view of the
landscape under a dark brown sky.  The landscape was unique
since it was of totally smooth rock formations and balloon type
mountains.
    "The planet under observation appears to be quite unique."
S'Erlet began "It is composed totally of volcanic rock
formations.  The formations were all formed by cooling lava not
more then one thousand years ago.  Because of the thin
atmosphere, there has been negligible erosion of the rock.
Therefore, it still appears almost exactly as it did when it
first cooled.
    "There are, however, areas where the age of the rock tests
500 million years and older.  These areas are easily spotted
because they have either deep cut marks in them or are partly
covered by the newer more bulbous lava.  If it wasn't for the
extremely old lava formations and the atmosphere, I would have
placed the age of the planet at only about 1500 years."
    S'Erlet paused to allow scenes of the different formations
and types to be shown.  He then continued when a graphic
depiction of the total planetary terrain came up next to the
approach shot.
    "The Debris in orbit around the planet appears to be rock
and perhaps what could be called dirt from the planet.  I have
determined that the debris is from the planet due to its extreme
chemical similarities to the current surface.  With a sufficient
atmosphere, the current surface would eventually weather into
soil of the same make up of the debris in orbit.
    "It is my theory that the debris around the planet was
originally part of the planet's surface."  The graphic of the
current planet filled in, adding layers of dirt and other common
surface features.
    "The biggest detraction from this theory is that the
estimated total mass of the debris would not be sufficient to
cover the planet properly.  There is also only trace amounts of
metals and other minerals."
    Anthony spoke up "Lieutenant, if your contention is that the
debris around the planet is not sufficient to cover its surface
where do you propose it came from?"
    "Sir, it is my theory that the debris did come from the
planet.  I believe that it was forcibly removed and all usable
minerals and ore where taken.  In essence, the planet was
totally strip mined and the 'slag' was dumped into orbit.  This
process would probably also destroy the planets atmosphere."
    Dolittel spoke up "That's impossible, who would do such a
thing?"
    "Sir," S'Erlet returned "You forget where we're at."
    "But the Borg don't 'mine', they take what other cultures
have already created." Tarva said.
    "They don't mine now, but what did they do a thousand years
ago when this appears to have happened?" S'Erlet argued.  "Also,
the gouges in the older rock indicate that this was not caused
by a natural phenomenon."
    Captain Anthony stood up as S'Erlet sat down.  "Thank you
Lieutenant, is there anything else you'd like to mention before
we move on?"
    "Yes, Sir" S'Erlet said and pushed a few buttons on his
console.  The view screen changed to show another planet that
appeared to be surrounded by the same cloud of debris.  "This is
our first view of the other planet in this system that appears
to have some sort of atmosphere.  As you can see, it too suffers
from the same affliction as this one.  In all of the
Federation's explorations, there has never been another planet
showing the same phenomenon.  Now we have two."
    "Perhaps it is unique to this system." Anthony said.
    "Perhaps." S'Erlet agreed.
    The group discussed the possible history of both planets
then decided to visit the other planet and make a similar
survey.  It was hoped that similarities or differences between
the planets would confirm something, anything.
    The second planet showed even more signs of deep regular
cuts in the old magma.  It was finally decided to register this
under possible activity by the Borg or other advanced culture.
    The Vigilante then moved on to the other two systems in the
sector.  All three systems' planets showed the same signs of
total strip mining.  In all, they discovered ten planets that
had been destroyed in the same manner.  The other planets in the
systems were gas giants and thus were not approachable in this
manner.
    It was even decided that some of the planets may have had
extremely severe atmospheres.  The first thing the 'pillagers'
of these planets would have done was rip the atmospheres away,
it would have made things much easier.  The power needed to do
this was incomprehensible and had not until this point ever been
attributed to the Borg.
-----------
              ********
              And there was I, sore wounded and alone,
              I, the last living of my slaughtered Band.
              Oh sinister the sky, and cold as stone!
              In one red laugh of horror reeled the land.
              And dazed and desperate I faced their spears,
              And like a flame, out-leaped that naked knife,
              And like a serpent stung their bitter jeers:
              "Deny your god and we will give you life"
              *********
    Captain Anthony sat in the Command Room looking out the
window.  They had visited three systems and ten planets, now
what.  They had taken the opportunity to launch drop ships to do
the surveys more efficiently.  They had run more drills and the
drop teams were in constant training.  Still, they had nothing
new to go on, they knew no more about the current state of the
Borg then when they left the Federation.
    The next question was, where next?  He had several choices:
they could pick a random course and just go hunting.  They could
start a spiral exploration of adjoining sectors until they found
more stripped planets.  They could follow a trail of stripped
planets hoping it would lead to the Borg.  The only problem, was
that the trail could lead away from the Borg.  Also, all of the
planets in this area could be stripped, effectively making no
trail at all.
    Another suggestion was to follow the course the original
Borg cube was on when the Enterprise met it.  This led to
another problem, should they follow the cube where it was going
to, or coming from.  A wrong decision could waste a lot of time.
    "Robert," the voice came from the back of his mind.  "Follow
your instincts, they've never failed you."
    "But I've never had so little to go on." he thought back.
He opened his eyes, standing just outside the window was a woman
in a standard red command uniform.
    "Your closer than you think." she said in the back of his
mind.
    Anthony stood up and approached the window, he whispered
"This isn't the way we were suppose to be."
    "I know." she said.
    The woman faded and became his reflection as Anthony reached
out and touched the window.
    Anthony was startled by the piping sound from the bridge.
"Bridge to Captain Anthony."
    "Go ahead." he said to the window.
    "Sir, long range scanners show something moving across our
scan area."
    "Thank you, I'll be right there." Anthony stared back at his
reflection in the window for a second; then turned and exited to
the bridge.
    Captain Anthony walked out to see a graphic depiction of the
scanner display on the main view screen.  It was a semi-circle
grid with the flat side along the bottom of the view screen.
The center of the line indicted the Vigilante's current,
relative position.  Moving across the top of the screen were
three blips.
    "Report." he said as he took his seat.
    "Sir," O'Malley responded "We have three objects moving
across the limits of our scanners at high warp."
    "Can you tell anything about them?"
    "No, Sir, not at this range.  Current velocity, however, is
warp nine."
    "Thank you Ensign." Anthony said then turned to Tarva "Sound
yellow alert.  Have all hands prepare for battle stations and
silent running."
    He then turned back to Ensign O'Malley "Ensign, plot an
intercept course, I want to come in from behind.  First get us
behind them, then we can approach from the back."
    O'Malley worked for a few minutes then put a projected
course on the screen.  "Sir, at warp 9.2 we can get behind them
in about twenty minutes.  We could then approach them at a lower
velocity at our leisure."
    "Very good." Anthony smiled "Make it so."
    "Course laid in, Sir" O'Malley reported.
    "Engage."
    The Helmsman pushed a few buttons then reported "Warp 9.2"
the tactical display was replaced by the rushing stars illusion
of warp.
    Anthony turned back to Tarva "I want boarding teams ready to
explore the ships.  We'll start without the armor if possible,
we don't want to give away all of our secrets right off."
    He then turned to Norton "Have guards posted EVERYWHERE, if
these guys can board us I don't want them to have time to do any
damage."
    He then said to both Commanders "As of right now, nobody is
off duty."
    The bridge was suddenly full of activity as guards were
posted and non-regular stations were manned.  The guards seemed
unnecessary since the whole crew, even on the bridge were armed.
Two guards, however, were posted on either side of the view
screen.
    They all took time to check their weapons for full charges.
Every station through out the Vigilante had a phaser holder.
Some had boxes built into the consoles others had what looked
like holsters built into the sides of consoles and chairs.  The
crew kept the phasers with them at all times but placed them in
the holders for convenience while on duty.
    After ten minutes, Ensign O'Malley reported "Sir, I've
confirmed six, repeat six, Borg cubes traveling in formation.
Current velocity is exactly warp 9."
    The Vigilante dropped in behind the Borg ships keeping them
at about one quarter maximum sensor range.  The distance was
close enough to allow a rather good view at extreme
magnification.  The six ships flew in three pairs or two stacks
of three.  The precise symmetry made them look like three ships
on the long range scanners.
    "Analysis" Anthony said turning to Lieutenant S'Erlet for
the more precise sensor reports.
    "Sir, the ships have exactly the same measurements of the
ship that invaded the Federation."  He continued to adjust his
controls.  "They, however, have a greater mass.  Each ship, in
fact, has quite a different mass than the other."  he hit a few
buttons and the respective masses were superimposed over their
images on the screen.
    "How odd," Tarva said "that they would build seven ships of
exactly the same dimensions but make them very so in mass."
    "The mass on these ships is distributed quite unevenly, as
if it was added recently."  S'Erlet thought for a second then
added "Perhaps they are carrying cargo."
    Before anybody could respond, Ensign O'Malley spoke up "Sir,
I'm reading more ships behind us.  They've just come into
scanner range."
    "How many?" Tarva said very interested.
    "There's at least twelve and their gaining, but slowly."
O'Malley continued to watch her output.
    "Are they more Borg?" Anthony asked his frown betrayed his
concern.
    "Unknown at this time, Sir." O'Malley said "But at our
current velocity they should be in range to tell in about twenty
two hours."
    Anthony looked at his crew "Options."
    Tarva turned toward the Captain "We could wait for them to
get close enough for a better reading, or..." she hesitated.
    "Or what Commander?" Anthony asked knowing what she was
probably going to say.
    "Or, Sir, we could go back and take a look at them or just
stop and wait for them.  Either way, with them doing warp nine
plus, we would know in about 10 minutes."
    Anthony thought for a second, running his hand through what
little hair he still had on the top of his head, then said "Take
us down to warp four, but keep us out of their way.  We want
them to go past us no through us."
    The Vigilante swung wide to port then slowed down to warp
four.  Within minutes, O'Malley reported "Sir, I read fifteen
ships.  None of them appear to be of Borg design.  They are
traveling at Warp 9.01."  She continued to check her displays.
    S'Erlet then added "Sir, the ship designs do not match any
of those that the Federation has ever encountered."
    "They will be by us in about fifteen minutes" O'Malley
added.
    "Who are they?" Anthony asked to no one specifically.
    "They're us, Sir." Tarva said coldly.
    "Excuse me." Anthony looked at his first officer.
    "Sir, I believe that the six Borg ships have just
'assimilated' another civilization.  These fifteen ships have
taken pursuit, like any remnants of the Federation would have
done if the Borg had been successful at Sol-3."
    "That's why those Borg ships have extra mass, it does fit."
Anthony said.
    The fleet of alien ships was an impressive armada.  They
were obviously an assortment of different styles and classes.
The lead was a large triangular ship with a second smaller
triangle on top, an apparent bridge.  It made the Vigilante and
most of the other ships in the armada seem small.
    There were several other triangular style ships all much
