when we awake on a sudden. I could not recover myself in some time,         
till the Governor assured me that I should receive no hurt; and             
observing my two companions to be under no concern, who had been often      
entertained in the same manner, I began to take courage, and related        
to his Highness a short history of my several adventures, yet not           
without some hesitation, and frequently looking behind me to the place      
where I had seen those domestic specters. I had the honor to dine with      
the Governor, where a new set of ghosts served up the meat, and waited      
at table. I now observed myself to be less terrified than I had been        
in the morning. I stayed till sunset, but humbly desired his                
Highness to excuse me for not accepting his invitation of lodging in        
the palace. My two friends and I lay at a private house in the town         
adjoining, which is the capital of this little island; and the next         
morning we returned to pay our duty to the Governor, as he was pleased      
to command us.                                                              
                                                     {P_3|CH_7 ^paragraph 5}
  After this manner we continued in the island for ten days, most part      
of every day with the Governor, and at night in our lodging. I soon         
grew so familiarized to the sight of spirits, that the third or fourth      
time they gave me no emotion at all; or if I had any apprehensions          
left, my curiosity prevailed over them. For his Highness the                
Governor ordered me to call up whatever persons I would choose to           
name, and in whatever numbers among all the dead from the beginning of      
the world to the present time, and command them to answer any               
questions I should think fit to ask; with this condition, that my           
questions must be confined within the compass of the times they             
lived in. And one thing I might depend upon, that they would certainly      
tell me truth, for lying was a talent of no use in the lower world.         
  I made my humble acknowledgments to his Highness for so great a           
favor. We were in a chamber from whence there was a fair prospect into      
the park. And because my first inclination was to be entertained            
with scenes of pomp and magnificence, I desired to see Alexander the        
Great, at the head of his army just after the battle of Arbela;             
which upon a notion of the Governor's finger immediately appeared in a      
large field under the window where we stood. Alexander was called up        
into the room; it was with great difficulty that I understood his           
Greek, and had but little of my own. He assured me upon his honor that      
he was not poisoned, but died of a fever by excessive drinking.             
  Next I saw Hannibal passing the Alps, who told me he had not a            
drop of vinegar in his camp.                                                
  I saw Caesar and Pompey at the head of their troops, just ready to        
engage. I saw the former in his last great triumph. I desired that the      
senate of Rome might appear before me in one large chamber, and an          
assembly of somewhat a latter age in counterview in another. The first      
seemed to be an assembly of heroes and demigods; the other a knot of        
pedlars, pickpockets, highway-men, and bullies.                             
  The Governor at my request gave the sign for Caesar and Brutus to         
advance towards us. I was struck with a profound veneration at the          
sight of Brutus, and could easily discover the most consummate virtue,      
the greatest intrepidity and firmness of mind, the truest love of           
his country, and general benevolence for mankind in every lineament of      
his countenance. I observed with much pleasure that these two               
persons were in good intelligence with each other, and Caesar freely        
confessed to me that the greatest actions of his own life were not          
equal by many degrees to the glory of taking it away. I had the             
honor to have much conversation with Brutus; and was told, that his         
ancestor Junius, Socrates, Epaminondas, Cato the younger, Sir Thomas        
More, and himself were perpetually together: a sextumvirate to which        
all the ages of the world cannot add a seventh.                             
                                                    {P_3|CH_7 ^paragraph 10}
  It would be tedious to trouble the reader with relating what vast         
numbers of illustrious persons were called up, to gratify that              
insatiable desire I had to see the world in every period of                 
antiquity placed before me. I chiefly fed my eyes with beholding the        
destroyers of tyrants and usurpers, and the restorers of liberty to         
oppressed and injured nations. But it is impossible to express the          
satisfaction I received in my own mind, after such a manner as to make      
it a suitable entertainment to the reader.                                  
                                                                            
P_3|CH_8                                                                    
  CHAPTER VIII                                                              
-                                                                           
  Having a desire to see those ancients who were most renowned for wit      
and learning, I set apart one day on purpose. I proposed that Homer         
and Aristotle might appear at the head of all their commentators;           
but these were so numerous that some hundreds were forced to attend in      
the court and outward rooms of the palace. I knew and could                 
distinguish those two heroes at first sight, not only from the crowd        
but from each other. Homer was the taller and comelier person of the        
two, walked very erect for one of his age, and his eyes were the            
most quick and piercing I ever beheld. Aristotle stooped much, and          
made use of a staff. His visage was meager, his hair lank and thin,         
and his voice hollow. I soon discovered that both of were perfect           
strangers to the rest of the company, and had never seen or heard of        
them before. And I had a whisper from a ghost, who shall be                 
nameless, that these commentators always kept in the most distant           
quarters from their principals in the lower world, through a                
consciousness of shame and guilt, because they had so horribly              
misrepresented the meaning of those authors to posterity. I introduced      
Didymus and Eustathius to Homer, and prevailed on him to treat them         
better than perhaps they deserved; for he soon found they wanted a          
genius to enter into the spirit of a poet. But Aristotle was out of         
all patience with the account I gave him of Scotus and Ramus, as I          
presented them to him; and he asked them whether the rest of the tribe      
were as great dunces as themselves.                                         
  I then desired the Governor to call up Descartes and Gassendi,            
with whom I prevailed to explain their systems to Aristotle. This           
great philosopher freely acknowledged his own mistakes in natural           
philosophy, because he proceeded in many things upon conjecture, as         
all men must do; and he found, that Gassendi, who had made the              
doctrine of Epicurus as palatable as he could, and the vortices of          
Descartes, were equally exploded. He predicted the same fate to             
attraction, whereof the present learned are such zealous asserters. He      
said that new systems of nature were but new fashions, which would          
vary in every age; and even those who pretend to demonstrate them from      
mathematical principles, would flourish but a short period of time,         
and be out of vogue when that was determined.                               
  I spent five days in conversing with many others of the ancient           
learned. I saw most of the first Roman emperors. I prevailed on the         
Governor to call up Eliogabalus's cooks to dress us a dinner, but they      
could not show us much of their skill, for want of materials. A             
helot of Agesilaus made us a dish of Spartan broth, but I was not able      
to get down a second spoonful.                                              
  The two gentlemen who conducted me to the island were pressed by          
their private affairs to return in three days, which I employed in          
seeing some of the modern dead, who had made the greatest figure for        
two or three hundred years past in our own and other countries of           
Europe; and having been always a great admirer of old illustrious           
families, I desired the Governor call up a dozen or two of kings            
with their ancestors in order for eight or nine generations. But my         
disappointment was grevious and unexpected. For instead of a long           
train with royal diadems, I saw in one family two fiddlers, three           
spruce courtiers, and an Italian prelate. In another, a barber, an          
abbot, and two cardinals. I have too great a veneration for crowned         
heads to dwell any longer on so nice a subject. But as to counts,           
marquesses, dukes, earls, and the like, I was not so scrupulous. And I      
confess it was not without some pleasure that I found myself able to        
trace the particular features, by which certain families are                
distinguished, up to their originals. I could plainly discover from         
whence one family derives a long chin, why a second has abounded            
with knaves for two generations, and fools for two more; why a third        
happened to be crack-brained, and a fourth to be sharpers. Whence it        
came what Polydore Virgil says of a certain great house, Nec vir            
fortis, nec femina casta. How cruelty, falsehood, and cowardice grew        
to be characteristics by which certain families are distinguished as        
much as by their coat of arms. Who first brought the pox into a             
noble house, which has lineally descended in scrofulous tumors to           
their posterity. Neither could I wonder at all this, when I saw such        
an interruption of lineages by pages, lackeys, valets, coachmen,            
gamesters, captains and pickpockets.                                        
  I was chiefly disgusted with modern history. For having strictly          
examined all the persons of greatest name in the courts of princes for      
a hundred years past, I found how the world had been misled by              
prostitute writers, to ascribe the greatest exploits in war to              
cowards, the wisest counsel to fools, sincerity to flatterers, Roman        
virtue to betrayers of their country, piety to atheists, chastity to        
sodomites, informers. How many innocent and excellent persons had been      
condemned to death or banishment, by the practising of great ministers      
upon the corruption of judges, and the malice of factions. How many         
villains had been exalted to the highest places of trust, power,            
dignity, and profit: how great a share in the motions and events of         
courts, councils, and senates might be challenged by bawds, whores,         
pimps, parasites, and buffoons. How low an opinion I had of human           
wisdom and integrity, when I was truly informed of the springs and          
motives of great enterprises and revolutions in the world, and of           
the contemptible accidents to which they owed their success.                
                                                     {P_3|CH_8 ^paragraph 5}
  Here I discovered the roguery and ignorance of those who pretend          
to write anecdotes, or secret history, who send so many kings to their      
graves with a cup of poison; will repeat the discourse between a            
prince and chief minister, where no witness was by; unlock the              
thoughts and cabinets of ambassadors and secretaries of state, and          
have the perpetual misfortune to be mistaken. Here I discovered the         
secret causes of many great events that have surprised the world,           
how a whore can govern the backstairs, the backstairs a council, and        
the council a senate. A general confessed in my presence, that he           
got a victory purely by the force of cowardice and ill conduct; and an      
admiral, that for want of proper intelligence, he beat the enemy to         
whom he intended to betray the fleet. Three kings protested to me,          
that in their whole reigns they never did once prefer any person of         
merit, unless by mistake or treachery of some minister in whom they         
confided; neither would they do it if they were to live again; and          
they showed with great strength of reason that the royal throne             
could not be supported without corruption, because that positive,           
confident, restive temper, which virtue infused into man, was a             
perpetual clog to public business.                                          
  I had the curiosity to enquire in a particular manner, by what            
method great numbers had procured to themselves high titles of              
honor, and prodigious estates; and I confined my inquiry to a very          
modern period; however, without grating upon present times, because         
I would be sure to give no offense even to foreigners (for I hope           
the reader need not be told that I do not in the least intend my own        
country in what I say upon this occasion), a great number of persons        
concerned were called up, and upon a very slight examination,               
discovered such a scene of infamy, that I cannot reflect upon it            
without some seriousness. Perjury, oppression, subornation, fraud,          
panderism, and the like infirmities, were amongst the most excusable        
arts they had to mention, and for these I gave, as it was                   
reasonable, great allowance. But when some confessed they owed their        
greatness and wealth to sodomy or incest, others to the prostituting        
of their own wives and daughters; others to the betraying of their          
country or their prince; some to poisoning, more to the perverting          
of justice in order to destroy the innocent; I hope I may be                
pardoned if these discoveries inclined me little to abate of that           
profound veneration which I am naturally apt to pay to persons of high      
rank, who ought to be treated with the utmost respect due to their          
sublime dignity, by us their inferiors.                                     
  I had often read of some great services done to princes and               
states, and desired to see the persons by whom those services were          
performed. Upon inquiry I was told that their names were to be found        
on no record, except a few of them whom history has represented as the      
vilest rogues and traitors. As to the rest, I had never once heard          
of them. They all appeared with dejected looks, and in the meanest          
habit, most of them telling me they died in poverty and disgrace,           
and the rest on a scaffold or a gibbet.                                     
  Among the rest there was one person whose case appeared a little          
singular. He had a youth about eighteen years old standing by his           
side. He told me he had for many years been commander of a ship, and        
in the sea fight of Actium had the good fortune to break through the        
enemy's great line of battle, sink three of their capital ships, and        
take a fourth, which was the sole cause of Antony's flight, and of the      
victory that ensued; that the youth standing by him, his only son, was      
killed in action. He added that upon the confidence of some merit, the      
war being at an end, he went to Rome, and solicited at the court of         
Augustus to be preferred to a greater ship, whose commander had been        
killed; but without any regard to his pretensions, it was given to a        
youth who had never seen the sea, the son of Libertine, who waited          
on one of the emperor's mistresses. Returning back to his own               
vessel, he was charged with neglect of duty, and the ship given to a        
favorite page of Publicola, the vice-admiral; whereupon he retired          
to a poor farm at a great distance from Rome, and there ended his           
life. I was so curious to know the truth of this story, that I desired      
Agrippa might be called, who was admiral in that fight. He appeared,        
and confirmed the whole account, but with much more advantage to the        
captain, whose modesty had extenuated or concealed a great part of his      
merit.                                                                      
  I was surprised to find corruption grown so high and so quick in          
that empire, by the force of luxury so lately introduced, which made        
me less wonder at many parallel cases in other countries, where             
vices of all kinds have reigned so much longer, and where the whole         
praise as well as pillage has been engrossed by the chief commander,        
who perhaps had the least title to either.                                  
                                                    {P_3|CH_8 ^paragraph 10}
  As every person called up made exactly the same appearance he had         
done in the world, it gave me melancholy reflections to observe how         
much the race of human kind was degenerate among us, within these           
hundred years past. How the pox under all its consequences and              
denominations had altered every lineament of an English countenance,        
shortened the size of bodies, unbraced the nerves, relaxed the              
sinews and muscles, introduced a sallow complexion, and rendered the        
flesh loose and rancid.                                                     
  I descended so low as to desire that some English yeomen of the           
old stamp might be summoned to appear, once so famous for the               
simplicity of their manners, diet and dress, for justice in their           
dealings, for their true spirit of liberty, for their valor and love        
of their country. Neither could I be wholly unmoved after comparing         
the living with the dead, when I considered how all these pure              
native virtues were prostituted for a piece of money by their               
grandchildren, who in selling their votes, and managing at                  
elections, have acquired every vice and corruption that can possibly        
be learned in a court.                                                      
                                                                            
P_3|CH_9                                                                    
  CHAPTER IX                                                                
-                                                                           
  The day of our departure being come, I took leave of his Highness         
the Governor of Glubbdubdrib, and returned with my two companions to        
Maldonada, where after a fortnight's waiting, a ship was ready to sail      
for Luggnagg. The two gentlemen, and some others, were so generous and      
kind as to furnish me with provisions, and see me on board. I was a         
month in this voyage. We had one violent storm and were under a             
necessity of steering westward to get into the tradewind, which             
holds for above sixty leagues. On the 21st of April, 1709, we sailed        
into the river of Clumegnig, which is a seaport town, at the southeast      
point of Luggnagg. We cast anchor within a league of the town, and          
made a signal for a pilot. Two of them came on board in less than half      
an hour, by whom we were guided between certain shoals and rocks,           
which are very dangerous in the passage, to a large basin, where fleet      
may ride in safety within a cable's length of the town wall.                
  Some of our sailors, whether out of treachery or inadvertence, had        
informed the pilots that I was a stranger and a traveler, whereof           
these gave notice to a custom house officer, by whom I was examined         
very strictly upon my landing. This officer spoke to me in the              
language of Balnibarbi, which by the force of much commerce is              
generally understood in that town, especially by seamen, and those          
employed in the customs. I gave him a short account of some                 
particulars, and made my story as plausible and consistent as I             
could; but I thought it necessary to disguise my country, and call          
myself an Hollander, because my intentions were for Japan, and I knew       
the Dutch were the only Europeans permitted to enter into that              
kingdom. I therefore told the officer, that having been shipwrecked         
on the coast of Balnibarbi, and cast on a rock, I was received up           
into Laputa, or the Flying Island (of which he had often heard), and        
was now endeavoring to get to Japan, from whence I might find a             
convenience of returning to my own country. The officer said I must         
be confined till he could receive orders from court, for which he           
would write immediately, and hoped to receive an answer in a                
fortnight. I was carried to a convenient lodging, with a sentry             
placed at the door; however I had the liberty of a large garden, and        
was treated with humanity enough, being maintained all the time at          
the King's charge. I was visited by several persons, chiefly out of         
curiosity, because it was reported that I came from countries very          
remote of which they had never heard.                                       
  I hired a young man who came in the same ship to be an                    
interpreter; he was a native of Luggnagg, but had lived some years          
at Maldonada, and was a perfect master of both languages. By his            
assistance I was able to hold a conversation with those who came to         
visit me; but this consisted only of their questions, and my answers.       
  The dispatch came from court about the time we expected. It               
contained a warrant for conducting me and my retinue to Traldragdubb        
or Trildrogdrib, for it is pronounced both ways as near as I can            
remember, by a party of ten horse. All my retinue was that poor lad         
for an interpreter, whom I persuaded into my service, and at my humble      
request, we had each of us a mule to ride on. A messenger was               
dispatched half a day's journey before us, to give the King notice          
of my approach, and to desire that his Majesty would please appoint         
a day and hour, when it would be his gracious pleasure that I might         
have the honor to lick the dust before his footstool. This is the           
court style, and I found it to be more than matter of form. For upon        
my admittance two days after my arrival, I was commanded to crawl on        
my belly, and lick the floor as I advanced; but on account of my being      
a stranger, care was taken to have it made so clean that the dust           
was not offensive. However, this was a peculiar grace, not allowed          
to any but persons of the highest rank, when they desire an                 
admittance. Nay, sometimes the floor is strewn with dust on purpose,        
when the person to be admitted happens to have powerful enemies at          
court. And I have seen a great lord with his mouth so crammed, that         
when he had crept to the proper distance from the throne, he was not        
able to speak a word. Neither is there any remedy, because it is            
capital for those who receive an audience to spit or wipe their mouths      
in his Majesty's presence. There is indeed another custom, which I          
cannot altogether approve of. When the king has a mind to put any of        
his nobles to death in a gentle indulgent manner, he commands to            
have the floor strewn with a certain brown powder, of a deadly              
composition, which being licked up infallibly kills him in twenty-four      
hours. But in justice to this prince's great clemency, and the care he      
has of his subject's lives (wherein it were much to be wished that the      
monarchs of Europe would imitate him), it must be mentioned for his         
honor, that strict orders are given to have the infected parts of           
the floor well after every such execution; which if his domestics           
neglect, they are in danger of incurring his royal displeasure. I           
myself heard him give directions, that one of his pages should be           
whipped, whose turn it was to give notice about washing the floor           
after an execution, but maliciously had omitted it; by which neglect a      
young lord of great hopes coming to an audience, was unfortunately          
poisoned, although the King at that time had not design against his         
life. But this good prince was so gracious as to forgive the poor page      
his whipping, upon promise that he would do so no more, without             
special orders.                                                             
  To return from this digression; when I had crept within four yards        
of the throne, I raised myself gently upon my knees, and then striking      
my forehead seven times on the ground, I pronounced the following           
words, as they had been taught me the night before, Ickpling                
gloffthrobb squutserumm blhiop mlashnalt zwin tnodbalkguffh                 
slhiophad gurdlubh asht. This is the compliment established by the          
laws of the land for all persons admitted to the King's presence. It        
may be rendered into English thus: May your Celestial Majesty               
outlive the sun, eleven moons and a half. To this the King returned         
some answer, which although I could not understand, yet I replied as I      
had been directed: Fluft drin yalerick dwuldom prastrad mirpush, which      
properly signifies, My tongue is in the mouth of my friend, and by          
this expression was meant that I desired leave to bring my                  
interpreter; whereupon the young man already mentioned was accordingly      
introduced, by whose intervention I answered as many questions as           
his Majesty could put in over an hour. I spoke in the Balnibarbian          
tongue, and my interpreter delivered my meaning in that of Luggnagg.        
                                                     {P_3|CH_9 ^paragraph 5}
  The King was much delighted with my company, and ordered his              
Bliffmarklub or High Chamberlain, to appoint a lodging in the court         
for me and my interpreter, with a daily allowance for my table, and         
a large purse of gold for my common expenses.                               
  I stayed three months in this country out of perfect obedience to         
his Majesty, who was pleased highly to favor me, and made me very           
honorable offers. But I thought it more consistent with prudence and        
justice to pass the remainder of my days with my wife and family.           
                                                                            
P_3|CH_10                                                                   
  CHAPTER X                                                                 
-                                                                           
  The Luggnaggians are a polite and generous people, and although they      
are not without some share of that pride which is peculiar to all           
Eastern countries, yet they show themselves courteous to strangers,         
especially such who are countenanced by the court. I had many               
acquaintance among persons of the best fashion, and being always            
attended by my interpreter, the conversation we had was not                 
disagreeable.                                                               
  One day in much good company I was asked by a person of quality,          
whether I had seen any of their Struldbrugs, or Immortals. I said I         
had not, and desired he would explain to me what he meant by such an        
appellation applied to a mortal creature. He told me, that                  
sometimes, though very rarely, a child happened to be born in a family      
with a red circular spot in the forehead, directly over the left            
eyebrow, which was an infallible mark that it should never die. The         
spot, as he described it, was about the compass of a silver                 
threepence, but in the course of time grew larger, and changed its          
color; for at twelve years old it became green, so continued till           
twenty-five, then turned to a deep blue; at forty-five it grew coal         
black, and as large as an English shilling, but never admitted any          
further alteration. He said these births were so rare, that he did not      
believe there could be above eleven hundred struldbrugs of both             
sexes in the whole kingdom, of which he computed about fifty in the         
metropolis, and among the rest a young girl born about three years          
ago. That these productions were not peculiar to any family, but a          
mere effect of chance; and the children of the struldbrugs                  
themselves were equally mortal with the rest of the people.                 
  I freely own myself to have been struck with inexpressible delight        
upon hearing this account, and the person who gave it me happening          
to understand the Balnibarbian language, which I spoke very well, I         
could not forbear breaking out into expressions perhaps a little too        
extravagant. I cried out as in a rapture: Happy nation where every          
child hath at least a chance for being immortal! Happy people who           
enjoy so many living examples of ancient virtue, and have masters           
ready to instruct them in the wisdom of all former ages! but, happiest      
beyond all comparison are those excellent struldbrugs, who being            
born exempt from that universal calamity of human nature, have their        
minds free and disengaged, without the weight and depression of             
spirits caused by the continual apprehension of death. I discovered my      
admiration that I had not observed any of these illustrious persons at      
court; the black spot on the forehead being so remarkable a                 
distinction, that I could not have easily overlooked and it was             
impossible that his Majesty, a most judicious prince, should not            
provide himself with a good number of such wise and able counselors.        
Yet perhaps the virtue of those reverend sages was too strict for           
the corrupt and libertine manners of a court. And we often find by          
experience that young men are too opinionative and volatile to be           
guided by the sober dictates of their seniors. However, since the King      
was pleased to allow me access to his royal person, I was resolved          
upon the very first occasion to deliver my opinion to him on this           
matter freely and at large, by the help of my interpreter; and whether      
he would please to take my advice or not, yet in one thing I was            
determined, that his Majesty having frequently offered me an                
establishment in this country, I would with great thankfulness              
accept the favor, and pass my life here in the conversation of those        
superior beings the struldbrugs, if they would please to admit me.          
  The gentleman to whom I addressed my discourse, because (as I have        
already observed) he spoke the language of Balnibarbi, said to me with      
a sort of a smile, which usually arises from pity to the ignorant,          
that he was glad of any occasion to keep me among them, and desired my      
permission to explain to the company what I had spoke. He did so,           
and they talked together for some time in their own language,               
whereof I understood not a syllable, neither could I observe by             
their countenances what impression my discourse had made on them.           
After a short silence, the same person told me that his friends and         
mine (so he thought fit to express himself) were very much pleased          
with the judicious remarks I had made on the great happiness and            
advantages of immortal life; and they were desirous to know in a            
particular manner, what scheme of living I should have formed to            
myself, if it had fallen to my lot to have been born a struldbrug.          
  I answered, it was easy to be eloquent on so copious and                  
delightful a subject, especially to me who have been often apt to           
amuse myself with visions of what I should do if I were a king, a           
general, or a great lord; and upon this very case I had frequently run      
over the whole system how I should employ myself and pass the time          
if I were sure to live for ever.                                            
                                                    {P_3|CH_10 ^paragraph 5}
  That if it had been my good fortune to come into the world a              
struldbrug, as soon as I could discover my own happiness by                 
understanding the difference between life and death, I would first          
resolve by an arts and methods whatsoever to procure myself riches. In      
the pursuit of which by thrift and management, I might reasonably           
expect, in about two hundred years to be the wealthiest man in the          
kingdom. In the second place, I would from my earliest youth apply          
myself to the study of arts and sciences, by which I should arrive          
in time to excell all others in learning. Lastly, I would carefully         
record every action and event of consequence that happened in the           
public, impartially draw the characters of the several successions          
of princes and great ministers of state, with my own observations on        
every point. I would exactly set down the several changes in                
customs, language, fashions of dress, diet and diversions. By all           
which acquirements, I should be a living treasury of knowledge and          
wisdom, and certainly become the oracle of the nation.                      
  I would never marry after threescore, but live in an hospitable           
manner, yet still on the saving side. I would entertain myself in           
forming and directing the minds of hopeful young men, by convincing         
them from my own remembrance, experience and observation, fortified by      
numerous examples, of the usefulness of virtue in public and private        
life. But my choice and constant companions should be a set of my           
own immortal brotherhood, among whom I would elect a dozen from the         
most ancient down to my own contemporaries. Where any of these              
wanted fortunes, I would provide them with convenient lodges round          
my own estate, and have some of them always at my table, only mingling      
a few of the most valuable among you mortals, whom length of time           
would harden me to lose with little or no reluctance, and treat your        
posterity after the same manner; just as a man diverts himself with         
the annual succession of pinks and tulips in his garden, without            
regretting the loss of those which withered the preceding year.             
  These struldbrugs and I would mutually communicate our                    
observations and memorials through the course of time, remark the           
several gradations by which corruption steals into the world, and           
oppose it in every step, by giving perpetual warning and instruction        
to mankind; which, added to the strong influence of our own example,        
would probably prevent that continual degeneracy of human nature so         
justly complained of in all ages.                                           
  Add to all this the pleasure of seeing the various revolutions of         
states and empires, the changes in the lower and upper world,               
ancient cities in ruins, and obscure villages become the seats of           
kings. Famous rivers lessening into shallow brooks, the ocean               
leaving one coast dry, and overwhelming another; the discovery of many      
countries yet unknown. Barbarity over-running the politest nations,         
and the most barbarous become civilized. I should then see the              
discovery of the longitude, the perpetual motion, the universal             
medicine, and many other great inventions brought to the utmost             
perfection.                                                                 
  What wonderful discoveries should we make in astronomy, by outliving      
and confirming our own predictions, by observing the progress and           
returns of comets, with the changes of motion in the sun, moon, and         
stars.                                                                      
                                                   {P_3|CH_10 ^paragraph 10}
  I enlarged upon many other topics, which the natural desire of            
endless life and sublunary happiness could easily furnish me with.          
When I had ended, and the sum of my discourse had been interpreted          
as before, to the rest of the company, there was a good deal of talk        
among them the language of the country, not without some laughter at        
my expense. At last the same gentleman who had been my interpreter          
said he was desired by the rest to set me right in a few mistakes,          
which I had fallen into through the common imbecility of human nature,      
and upon that allowance was less answerable for them. That this             
breed of struldbrugs was peculiar to their country, for there were          
no such people either in Balnibarbi or Japan, where he had the honor        
to be ambassador from his Majesty, and found the natives in both those      
kingdoms very hard to believe that the fact was possible; and it            
appeared from my astonishment when he first mentioned the matter to         
me, that I received it as a thing wholly new, and scarcely to be            
credited. That in the two kingdoms above mentioned, where during his        
residence he had conversed very much, he observed long life to be           
the universal desire and wish of mankind. That whoever had one foot in      
the grave was sure to hold back the other as strongly as he could.          
That the oldest had still hopes of living one day longer, and looked        
on death as the greatest evil, from which nature always prompted him        
to retreat; only in this island of Luggnagg the appetite for living         
was not so eager, from the continual example of the struldbrugs before      
their eyes.                                                                 
  That the system of living contrived by me was unreasonable and            
unjust, because it supposed a perpetuity of youth, health, and              
vigor, which no man could be so foolish to hope, however extravagant        
he may be in his wishes. That the question therefore was not whether a      
man would choose to be always in the prime of youth, attended with          
prosperity and health, but how he would pass a perpetual life under         
all the usual disadvantages which old age brings along with it. For         
although few men will avow their desires of being immortal upon such        
hard conditions, yet in the two kingdoms before mentioned of                
Balnibarbi and Japan, he observed that every man desired to put off         
death for some time longer, let it approach ever so late; and he            
rarely heard of any man who died willingly, except he were incited          
by the extremity of grief or torture. And he appealed to me whether in      
those countries I had traveled as well as my own, I had not observed        
the same general disposition.                                               
  After this preface he gave me a particular account of the                 
struldbrugs among them. He said they commonly acted like mortals, till      
about thirty years old, after which by degrees they grew melancholy         
and dejected, increasing in both till they came to fourscore. This          
he learned from their own confession; for otherwise there not being         
above two or three of that species born in an age, they were too few        
to form a general observation by. When they came to fourscore years,        
which is reckoned the extremity of living in this country, they had         
not only all the follies and infirmities of other old men, but many         
more which arose from the dreadful prospect of never dying. They            
were not only opinionative, peevish, covetous, morose, vain,                
talkative, but uncapable of friendship, and dead to all natural             
affection, which never descended below their grandchildren. Envy and        
impotent desires are their prevailing passions. But those objects           
against which their envy principally directed, are the vices of the         
younger sort, and the deaths of the old. By reflecting on the               
former, they find themselves cut off from all possibility of pleasure;      
and whenever they see a funeral, they lament and repine that others         
have gone to a harbor of rest, to which they themselves never can hope      
to arrive. They have no remembrance of anything but what they               
learned and observed in their youth and middle age, and even that is        
very imperfect. And for the truth or particulars of any fact, it is         
safer to depend on common traditions than upon their best                   
recollections. The least miserable among them appear to be those who        
turn to dotage, and entirely lose their memories; these meet with more      
pity and assistance, because they want many bad qualities which abound      
in others.                                                                  
  If a struldbrug happen to marry one of his own kind, the marriage         
is dissolved of course by the courtesy of the kingdom, as soon as           
the younger of the two comes to be fourscore. For the law thinks it         
a reasonable indulgence, that those who are condemned without any           
fault of their own to a perpetual continuance in the world, should not      
have their misery doubled by the load of a wife.                            
  As soon as they have completed the term of eighty years, they are         
looked on as dead in law; their heirs immediately succeed to their          
estates, only a small pittance is reserved for their support, and           
the poor ones are maintained at the public charge. After that period        
they are held incapable of any employment of trust or profit, they          
cannot purchase lands or take leases, neither are they allowed to be        
witnesses in any cause, either civil or criminal, not even for the          
decision of meers and bounds.                                               
                                                   {P_3|CH_10 ^paragraph 15}
  At ninety they lose their teeth and hair, they have at that age no        
distinction of taste, but eat and drink whatever they can get, without      
relish or appetite. The diseases they were subject to still continue        
without increasing or diminishing. In talking they forget the common        
appellation of things, and the names of persons, even of those who are      
their nearest friends and relations. For the same reason they never         
can amuse themselves with reading, because their memory will not serve      
to carry them from the beginning of a sentence to the end; and by this      
defect they are deprived of the only entertainment whereof they             
might otherwise be capable.                                                 
  The language of this country being always upon the flux, the              
struldbrugs of one age do not understand those of another, neither are      
they able after two hundred years to hold any conversation (farther         
than by a few general words) with their neighbors the mortals; and          
thus they lie under the disadvantage of living like foreigners in           
their own country.                                                          
  This was the account given me of the struldbrugs, as near as I can        
remember. I afterwards saw five or six of different ages, the youngest      
not above two hundred years old, who were brought to me at several          
times by some of my friends; but although they were told that I was         
a great traveler, and had seen all the world, they had not the least        
curiosity to ask me a question; only desired I would give them              
slumskudask, or a token of remembrance, which is a modest way of            
begging, to avoid the law that strictly forbids it, because they are        
provided for by the public, although indeed with a very scanty              
allowance.                                                                  
  They are despised and hated by all sorts of people; when one of them      
is born, it is reckoned ominous, and their birth is recorded very           
particularly; so that you may know their age by consulting the              
registry, which however hath not been kept above a thousand years           
past, or at least hath been destroyed by time or public                     
disturbances. But the usual way of computing how old they are, is by        
asking them what kings or great persons they can remember, and then         
consulting history, for infallibly the last prince in their mind did        
not begin his reign after they were fourscore years old.                    
  They were the most mortifying sight I ever beheld, and the women          
more horrible than the men. Besides the usual deformities in extreme        
old age, they acquired an additional ghastliness in proportion to           
their number of years, which is not to be described; and among half         
a dozen, I soon distinguished which was the eldest, although there          
were not above a century or two between them.                               
                                                   {P_3|CH_10 ^paragraph 20}
  The reader will easily believe, that from what I had heard and seen,      
my keen appetite for perpetuity of life was much abated. I grew             
heartily ashamed of the pleasing visions I had formed, and thought          
no tyrant could invent a death into which I would not run with              
pleasure from such a life. The king heard of all that had passed            
between me and my friends upon this occasion, and rallied me very           
pleasantly, wishing I would send a couple of struldbrugs to my own          
country, to arm our people against the fear of death; but this it           
seems is forbidden by the fundamental laws of the kingdom, or else I        
should have been well content with the trouble and expense of               
transporting them.                                                          
  I could not but agree that the laws of this kingdom relating to           
the struldbrugs, were founded upon the strongest reasons, and such          
as any other country would be under the necessity of enacting in the        
like circumstances. Otherwise, as avarice is the necessary                  
consequent of old age, those immortals would in time become                 
proprietors of the whole nation, and engross the civil power, which,        
for want of abilities to manage, must end in the ruin of the public.        
                                                                            
P_3|CH_11                                                                   
  CHAPTER XI                                                                
-                                                                           
  I thought this account of the Struldbrugs might be some                   
entertainment to the reader, because it seems to be a little out of         
the common way, at least I do not remember to have met the like in any      
book of travels that has come to my hands; and if I am deceived, my         
excuse must be, that it is necessary for travelers, who describe the        
same country, very often to agree in dwelling on the same particulars,      
without deserving the censure of having borrowed or transcribed from        
those who wrote before them.                                                
  There is indeed a perpetual commerce between this kingdom and the         
great empire of Japan, and it is very probable that the Japanese            
authors may have given some account of the struldbrugs; but my stay in      
Japan was so short, and I was so entirely a stranger to that language,      
that I was not qualified to make any inquiries. But I hope the Dutch        
upon this notice will be curious and able enough to supply my defects.      
  His Majesty having often pressed me to accept some employment in his      
court, and finding me absolutely determined to return to my native          
country, was pleased to give me his license to depart, and honored          
me with a letter of recommendation under his own hand to the Emperor        
of Japan. He likewise presented me with four hundred and forty-four         
large pieces of gold (this nation delighting in even numbers), and a        
red diamond which I sold in England for eleven hundred pounds.              
  On the 6th day of May, 1709 I took a solemn leave of his Majesty and      
all my friends. This prince was so gracious as to order a guard to          
conduct me Glanguenstald, which is a royal port to the southwest            
part of the island. In six days I found a vessel ready to carry me          
to Japan, and spent fifteen days in the voyage. We landed at a small        
port town called Xamoschi, situated on the southeast part of Japan;         
the town lies on the western point, where there is a narrow strait,         
leading northward into a long arm of the sea, upon the northwest            
part of which, Yedo the metropolis stands. At landing, I showed the         
custom house officers my letter from the King of Luggnagg to his            
Imperial Majesty. They knew the seal perfectly well; it was as broad        
as the palm of my hand. The impression was, a King lifting up a lame        
beggar from the earth. The magistrates of the town hearing of my            
letter, received me as a public minister. They provided me with             
carriages and servants, and bore my charges to Yedo, where I was            
admitted to an audience, and delivered my letter, which was opened          
with great ceremony, and explained to the Emperor by an interpreter,        
who then gave me notice by his Majesty's order, that I should               
signify my request, and, whatever it were, it should be granted for         
the sake of his royal brother of Luggnagg. This interpreter was a           
person employed to transact affairs with the Hollanders; he soon            
conjectured by my countenance that I was a European, and therefore          
repeated his Majesty's commands in Low Dutch, which he spoke perfectly      
well. I answered (as I had before determined) that I was a Dutch            
merchant, shipwrecked in a very remote country, from whence I traveled      
by sea and land to Luggnagg, and then took shipping for Japan, where I      
knew my countrymen often traded, and with some of these I hoped to get      
an opportunity of returning into Europe: I therefore most humbly            
entreated his royal favor, to give order that I should be conducted in      
safety to Nangasac. To this I added another petition, that for the          
sake of my patron the King of Luggnagg, his Majesty would condescend        
to excuse my performing the ceremony imposed on my countrymen, of           
trampling upon the crucifix, because I had been thrown into his             
kingdom by my misfortunes, without any intention of trading. When this      
latter petition was interpreted to the Emperor, he seemed a little          
surprised, and said he believed I was the first of my countrymen who        
ever made any scruple in this point, and that he began to doubt             
whether I was a real Hollander or not, but rather suspected I must          
be a Christian. However, for the reasons I had offered, but chiefly to      
gratify the King of Luggnagg by an uncommon mark of his favor, he           
would comply with the singularity of my humor; but the affair must          
be managed with dexterity, and his officers should be commanded to let      
me pass as it were by forgetfulness. For he assured me, that if the         
secret should be discovered by my countrymen the Dutch, they would cut      
my throat in the voyage. I returned my thanks by the interpreter for        
so unusual a favor, and some troops being at that time on their             
march to Nangasac, the commanding officer had orders to convey me safe      
thither, with particular instructions about the business of the             
crucifix.                                                                   
  On the 9th day of June, 1709, I arrived at Nangasac, after a very         
long and troublesome journey. I soon fell into the company of some          
Dutch sailors belonging to the Amboyna, of Amsterdam, a stout ship          
of 450 tons. I had lived long in Holland, pursuing my studies at            
Leyden, and I spoke Dutch well. The seamen soon knew from whence I          
came last: they were curious to inquire into my voyages and course          
of life. I made up a story as short and probable as I could, but            
concealed the greatest part. I knew many persons in Holland; I was          
able to invent names for my parents, whom I pretended to be obscure         
people in the province of Gelderland. I would have given the captain        
(one Theodorus Vangrult) what he pleased to ask for my voyage to            
Holland; but understanding I was a surgeon, he was contented to take        
half the usual rate, on condition that I would serve him in the way of      
my calling. Before we took shipping, I was often asked by some of           
the crew whether I had performed the ceremony above mentioned. I            
evaded the question by general answers, that I had satisfied the            
Emperor and court in all particulars. However, a malicious rogue of         
a skipper went to an officer, and pointing to me, told him I had not        
yet trampled on the crucifix: but the other, who had received               
instructions to let me pass, gave the rascal twenty strokes on the          
shoulders with a bamboo, after which I was no more troubled with            
such questions.                                                             
                                                    {P_3|CH_11 ^paragraph 5}
  Nothing happened worth mentioning in this voyage. We sailed with a        
fair wind to the Cape of Good Hope, where we stayed only to take in         
fresh water. On the 10th of April we arrived safe at Amsterdam, having      
lost only three men by sickness in the voyage, and a fourth who fell        
from the foremast into the sea, not far from the coast of Guinea. From      
Amsterdam I soon after set sail for England in a small vessel               
belonging to that city.                                                     
  On the 16th of April, 1710, we put in at the Downs. I landed the          
next morning, and saw once more my native country after an absence          
of five years and six months complete. I went straight to Redriff,          
where I arrived the same day at two in the afternoon, and found my          
wife and family in good health.                                             
-                                                                           
               THE END OF THE THIRD PART                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                    PART IV                                 
                                                                            
                           A VOYAGE TO THE HOUYHNHNMS                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                  (SEE PLATE 6)                             
                                                                            
P_4|CH_1                                                                    
  CHAPTER I                                                                 
-                                                                           
  I continued at home with my wife and children about five months in a      
very happy condition, if I could have learned the lesson of knowing         
when I was well. I left my poor wife big with child, and accepted an        
advantageous offer made me to be Captain of the Adventure, a stout          
merchantman of 350 tons: for I understood navigation well, and being        
grown weary of a surgeon's employment at sea, which however I could         
exercise upon occasion, I took a skillful young man of that calling,        
one Robert Purefoy, into my ship. We set sail from Portsmouth upon the      
seventh day of August, 1710; on the fourteenth we met with Captain          
Pocock of Bristol, at Teneriffe, who was going to the bay of Campechy,      
to cut logwood. On the sixteenth he was parted from us by a storm; I        
heard since my return that his ship foundered, and none escaped but         
one cabin boy. He was an honest man, and a good sailor, but a little        
too positive in his own opinions, which was the cause of his                
destruction, as it has been of several others. For if he had                
followed my advice, he might have been safe at home with his family at      
this time, as well as myself.                                               
  I had several men die in my ship of calentures, so that I was forced      
to get recruits out of Barbadoes, and the Leeward Islands, where I          
touched by the direction of the merchants who employed me, which I had      
soon too much cause to repent: for I found afterwards that most of          
them had been buccaneers. I had fifty hands on board, and my orders         
were that I should trade with the Indians in the South Sea, and make        
what discoveries I could. These rogues whom I had picked up                 
debauched my other men, and they all formed a conspiracy to seize           
the ship and secure me; which they did one morning, rushing into my         
cabin, and binding me hand and foot, threatening to throw me                
overboard, if I offered to stir. I told them I was their prisoner           
and would submit. This they made me swear to do, and then they unbound      
me, only fastening one of my legs with a chain near my bed, and placed      
a sentry at my door with his piece charged, who was commanded to shoot      
me dead, if I attempted my liberty. They sent me down victuals and          
drink, and took the government of the ship to themselves. Their design      
was to turn pirates, and plunder the Spaniards, which they could not        
do, till they got more men. But first they resolved to sell the             
goods in the ship, and then go to Madagascar for recruits, several          
among them having died since my confinement. They sailed many weeks,        
and traded with the Indians, but I knew not what course they took,          
being kept a close prisoner in my cabin, and expecting nothing less         
than to be murdered, as they often threatened me.                           
  Upon the ninth day of May, 1711, one James Welch came down to my          
cabin; and said he had orders from the Captain to set me ashore. I          
expostulated with him but in vain; neither would he so much as tell me      
who their new Captain was. They forced me into the longboat, letting        
me put on my best suit of clothes, which were as good as new, and a         
small bundle of linen, but no arms except my hanger; and they were          
so civil as not to search my pockets, into which I conveyed what money      
I had, with some other little necessaries. They rowed about a               
league, and then set me down on a strand. I desired them to tell me         
what country it was. They all swore they knew no more than myself, but      
said that the Captain (as they called him) was resolved, after they         
had sold the lading, to get rid of me in the first place where they         
could discover land. They pushed off immediately, advising me to            
make haste, for fear of being overtaken by the tide, and so bade me         
farewell.                                                                   
  In this desolate condition I advanced forward, and soon got upon          
ground, where I sat down on a bank to rest myself, and consider what I      
had best do. When I was a little refreshed I went up into the country,      
resolving to deliver myself to the first savages I should meet, and         
purchase my life from them by some bracelets, glass rings, and other        
toys which sailors usually provide themselves with in those voyages,        
and whereof I had some about me. The land was divided by long rows          
of trees, not regularly planted, but naturally growing; there was           
plenty of grass, and several fields of oats. I walked very                  
circumspectly for fear of being surprised, or suddenly shot with an         
arrow from behind or on either side. I fell into a beaten road,             
where I saw many tracks of human feet, and some of cows, but most of        
horses. At last I beheld several animals in a field, and one or two of      
the same kind sitting in trees. Their shape was very singular and           
deformed, which a little discomposed me, so that I lay down behind a        
thicket to observe them better. Some of them coming forward near the        
place where I lay, gave me an opportunity of distinctly marking             
their form. Their heads and breasts were covered with a thick hair,         
some frizzled and others lank; they had beards like goats, and a            
long ridge of hair down their backs and the foreparts of their legs         
and feet, but the rest of their bodies were bare, so that I might           
see their skins, which were of a brown buff color. They had no              
tails, nor any hair at all on their buttocks, except about the anus;        
which, I presume, nature had placed there to defend them as they sat        
on the ground; for this posture they used, as well as lying down and        
often stood on their hind feet. They climbed high trees, as nimbly          
as a squirrel, for they had strong extended claws before and behind,        
terminating in sharp points, and hooked. They would often spring and        
bound and leap with prodigious agility. The females were not so             
large as the males; they had long lank hair on their heads, but none        
on their faces, nor anything more than a sort of down on the rest of        
their bodies, except about the anus, and pudenda. Their dugs hung           
between their forefeet, and often reached almost to the ground as they      
walked. The hair of both sexes was of several colors, brown, red,           
black, and yellow. Upon the whole, I never beheld in all my travels so      
disagreeable an animal, nor one against which I naturally conceived so      
strong an antipathy. So that thinking I had seen enough, full of            
contempt and aversion, I got up and pursued the beaten road, hoping it      
might direct me to the cabin of some Indian. I had not got far when         
I met one of these creatures full in my way, and coming up directly to      
me. The ugly monster, when he saw me, distorted several ways every          
feature of his visage, and stared as at an object he had never seen         
before; then approaching nearer, lifted up his forepaw, whether out of      
curiosity or mischief, I could not tell. But I drew my hanger, and          
gave him a good blow with the flat side of it, for I dare not strike        
him with the edge, fearing the inhabitants might be provoked against        
me, if they should come to know that I had killed or maimed any of          
their cattle. When the beast felt the smart, he drew back, and              
roared so loud that a herd of at least forty came flocking about me         
from the next field, howling and making odious faces; but I ran to the      
body of a tree, and leaning my back against it, kept them off by            
waving my hanger. Several of this cursed brood getting hold of the          
branches behind, leaped up into the tree, from where they began to          
discharge their excrements on my head; however, I escaped pretty well,      
by sticking close to the stem of the tree, but was almost stifled with      
the filth, which fell about me on every side.                               
  In the midst of this distress, I observed them all to run away of         
a sudden as fast as they could, at which I ventured to leave the tree,      
and pursue the road, wondering what it was that could put them into         
this fright. But looking on my left hand, I saw a horse walking softly      
in the field; which my persecutors having sooner discovered, was the        
cause of their flight. The horse started a little when he came near         
me, but soon recovering himself, looked full in my face with                
manifest tokens of wonder; he viewed my hands and feet, walking             
round me several times. I would have pursued my journey, but he placed      
himself directly in the way, yet looking with a very mild aspect,           
never offering the least violence. We stood gazing at each other for        
some time; at last I took the boldness to reach my hand towards his         
neck, with a design to stroke it, using the common style and whistle        
of jockeys when they are going to handle a strange horse. But this          
animal seeming to receive my civilities with disdain, shook his             
head, and bent his brows, softly raising up his right forefoot to           
remove my hand. Then he neighed three or four times, but in so              
different a cadence, that I almost began to think he was speaking to        
himself in some language of his own.                                        
                                                     {P_4|CH_1 ^paragraph 5}
  While he and I were thus employed, another horse came up; who             
applying himself to the first in a very formal manner, they gently          
struck each other's right hoof before, neighing several times by            
turns, and varying the sound, which seemed to be almost articulate.         
They went some paces off, as if it were to confer together, walking         
side by side, backward and forward, like persons deliberating upon          
some affair of weight, but often turning their eyes towards me, as          
it were to watch that I might not escape. I was amazed to see such          
actions and behavior in brute beasts, and concluded with myself,            
that if the inhabitants of this country were endued with a                  
proportionable degree of reason, they must needs be the wisest              
people upon earth. This thought gave me so much comfort, that I             
resolved to go forward until I could discover some house or village,        
or meet with any of the natives, leaving the two horses to discourse        
together as they pleased. But the first, who was a dapple gray,             
observing me to steal off, neighed after me in so expressive a tone,        
that I fancied myself to understand what he meant; whereupon I              
turned back, and came near him, to expect his farther commands, but         
concealing my fear as much as I could, for I began to be in some pain,      
how this adventure might terminate; and the reader will easily believe      
I did not much like my present situation.                                   
  The two horses came up close to me, looking with great earnestness        
upon my face and hands. The gray steed rubbed my hat all round with         
his right forehoof, and discomposed it so much that I was forced to         
adjust it better, by taking it off, and settling it again; whereat          
both he and his companion (who was a brown bay) appeared to be much         
surprised; the latter felt the lappet of my coat, and finding it to         
hang loose about me, they both looked with new signs of wonder. He          
stroked my right hand, seeming to admire the softness and color; but        
he squeezed it so hard between his hoof and his pastern, that I was         
forced to roar; after which they both touched me with all possible          
tenderness. They were under great perplexity about my shoes and             
stockings, which they felt very often, neighing to each other, and          
using various gestures, not unlike those of a philosopher, when he          
would attempt to solve some new and difficult phenomenon.                   
  Upon the whole, the behavior of these animals was so orderly and          
rational, so acute and judicious, that I at last concluded they must        
needs be magicians, who had thus metamorphosed themselves upon some         
design, and seeing a stranger the way, were resolved to divert              
themselves with him; or perhaps were really amazed at the sight of a        
man so very different in habit, feature, and complexion from those who      
might probably live so remote a climate. Upon the strength of this          
reasoning, I ventured to address them in the following manner:              
Gentlemen, if you be conjurers, as I have good cause to believe, you        
can understand any language; therefore I make bold to let your              
worships know that I am a poor distressed Englishman, driven by his         
misfortunes upon your coast, and I entreat one of you, to let me            
ride upon his back, as if he were a real horse, to some house or            
village where I can be relieved. In return of which favor I will            
make you a present of this knife and bracelet (taking them out of my        
pocket). The two creatures stood silent while I spoke, seeming to           
listen with great attention; and when I had ended, they neighed             
frequently towards each other, as if they were engaged in serious           
conversation. I plainly observed, that their language expressed the         
passions very well, and the words might with little pains be                
resolved into an alphabet more easily than the Chinese.                     
  I could frequently distinguish the word Yahoo, which was repeated by      
each of them several times; and although it was impossible for me to        
conjecture what it meant, yet while the two horses were busy in             
conversation, I endeavored to practice this word upon my tongue; and        
as soon as they were silent, I boldly pronounced Yahoo in a loud            
voice, imitating, at the same time, as near as I could, the neighing        
of a horse; at which they were both visibly surprised, and the gray         
repeated the same word twice, as if he meant to teach me the right          
accent, wherein I spoke after him as well as I could, and found myself      
perceivably to improve every time, though very far from any degree          
of perfection. Then the bay tried me with a second word, much harder        
to be pronounced; but reducing it to the English orthography, may be        
spelt thus, Houyhnhnm. I did not succeed in this so well as the             
former, but after two or three farther trials, I had better fortune;        
and they both appeared amazed at my capacity.                               
  After some further discourse, which I then conjectured might              
relate to me, the two friends took their leave, with the same               
compliment of striking each other's hoof; and the gray made me signs        
that I should walk before him, wherein I thought it prudent to comply,      
till I could find a better director. When I offered to slacken my           
pace, he would cry Hhuun, Hhuun; I guessed his meaning, and gave him        
to understand as well as I could, that I was weary, and not able to         
walk faster; upon which he would stand a while to let me rest.              
                                                                            
P_4|CH_2                                                                    
  CHAPTER II                                                                
-                                                                           
  Having traveled about three miles, we came to a long kind of              
building, made of timber stuck in the ground, and wattled across;           
the roof was low, and covered with straw. I now began to be a little        
comforted, and took out some toys, which travelers usually carry for        
presents to the savage Indians of America and other parts, in hopes         
the people of the house would be thereby encouraged to receive me           
kindly. The horse made me a sign to go in first; it was a large room        
with a smooth clay floor, and a rack and manger extending the whole         
length on one side. There were three nags, and two mares, not               
eating, but some of them sitting down upon their hams, which I very         
much wondered at; but wondered more to see the rest employed in             
domestic business. These seemed but ordinary cattle; however, this          
confirmed my first opinion, that a people who could so far civilize         
brute animals, must needs excel in wisdom all the nations of the            
world. The gray came in just after, and thereby prevented any ill           
treatment which the others might have given me. He neighed to them          
several times in a style of authority, and received answers.                
  Beyond this room there were three others, reaching the length of the      
house, to which you passed through three doors, opposite to each            
