song  you know which ends with a stuntship crashing into the sun.
Meant to be  an  amazing  spectacle.  Expensive  in  stunt  ships
though."
Zaphod's attention  however  was  elsewhere.  His  attention  was
riveted on the ship standing next to Hotblack Desiato's limo. His
mouths hung open.
"That," he said, "that ... is really bad for the eyes ..."
Ford looked. He too stood astonished.
It was a ship of classic, simple design, like a flattened salmon,
twenty  yards  long,  very  clean, very sleek. There was just one
remarkable thing about it.
"It's so ... black!" said Ford Prefect, "you can hardly make  out
its shape ... light just seems to fall into it!"
Zaphod said nothing. He had simply fallen in love.
The blackness of it was so extreme that it was almost  impossible
to tell how close you were standing to it.
"Your eyes just slide off it ..." said Ford in wonder. It was  an
emotional moment. He bit his lip.
Zaphod moved forward to it, slowly, like a  man  possessed  -  or
more  accurately  like  a  man  who  wanted  to possess. His hand
reached out to stroke it. His hand stopped. His hand reached  out
to stroke it again. His hand stopped again.
"Come and feel the surface," he said in a hushed voice.
Ford put his hand out to feel it. His hand stopped.
"You ... you can't ..." he said.
"See?" said Zaphod, "it's just totally frictionless. This must be
one mother of a mover ..."
He turned to look at Ford seriously. At least, one of  his  heads
did - the other stayed gazing in awe at the ship.
"What do you reckon, Ford?" he said.
"You mean ... er ..." Ford looked over his  shoulder.  "You  mean
stroll off with it? You think we should?"
"No."
"Nor do I."
"But we're going to, aren't we?"
"How can we not?"
They gazed a little longer, till Zaphod suddenly  pulled  himself
together.
"We better shift soon," he said. "In a moment or so the  Universe
will  have  ended and all the Captain Creeps will be pouring down
here to find their bourge-mobiles."
"Zaphod," said Ford.
"Yeah?"
"How do we do it?"
"Simple," said Zaphod. He turned. "Marvin!" he called.
Slowly, laboriously, and  with  a  million  little  clanking  and
creaking  noises  that  he had learned to simulate, Marvin turned
round to answer the summons.
"Come on over here," said Zaphod, "We've got a job for you."
Marvin trudged towards them.
"I won't enjoy it," he said.
"Yes you will,"  enthused  Zaphod,  "there's  a  whole  new  life
stretching out ahead of you."
"Oh, not another one," groaned Marvin.
"Will you shut up and listen!" hissed Zaphod, "this time  there's
going to be excitement and adventure and really wild things."
"Sounds awful," Marvin said.
"Marvin! All I'm trying to ask you ..."
"I suppose you want me to open this spaceship for you?"
"What? Er ... yes. Yeah, that's right," said Zaphod  jumpily.  He
was keeping at least three eyes on the entrance. Time was short.
"Well I wish you'd just tell me rather  than  try  to  engage  my
enthusiasm," said Marvin, "because I haven't got one."
He walked on up to the ship, touched it,  and  a  hatchway  swung
open.
Ford and Zaphod stared at the opening.
"Don't mention it," said Marvin, "Oh,  you  didn't."  He  trudged
away again.
Arthur and Trillian clustered round.
"What's happening?" asked Arthur.
"Look at this," said Ford, "look at the interior of this ship."
"Weirder and weirder," breathed Zaphod.
"It's black," said Ford, "Everything in it is just totally  black
..."
In the Restaurant, things were fast approaching the moment  after
which there wouldn't be any more moments.
All eyes were fixed on the dome, other  than  those  of  Hotblack
Desiato's  bodyguard,  which  were  looking  intently at Hotblack
Desiato,  and  those  of  Hotblack  Desiato  himself  which   the
bodyguard had closed out of respect.
The bodyguard leaned forward over the table. Had Hotblack Desiato
been  alive,  he probably would have deemed this a good moment to
lean back, or even go for a short walk. His bodyguard was  not  a
man  which improved with proximity. On account of his unfortunate
condition, however, Hotblack Desiato remained totally inert.
"Mr Desiato, sir?" whispered the bodyguard. Whenever he spoke, it
looked  as  if  the  muscles  on  either  side  of his mouth were
clambering over each other to get out of the way.
"Mr Desiato? Can you hear me?"
Hotblack Desiato, quit naturally, said nothing.
"Hotblack?" hissed the bodyguard.
Again,  quite  naturally,  Hotblack  Desiato   did   not   reply.
Supernaturally, however, he did.
On the table in front of him a wine glass  rattled,  and  a  fork
rose  an  inch  or so and tapped against the glass. It settled on
the table again.
The bodyguard gave a satisfied grunt.
"It's time we get going, Mr  Desiato,"  muttered  the  bodyguard,
"don't want to get caught in the rush, not in your condition. You
want to get to the next gig nice and relaxed. There was a  really
big  audience  for  it.  One of the best. Kakrafoon. Five-hundred
seventy-six thousand and two million years ago. Had you will have
been looking forward to it?"
The fork rose again, waggled in a non-committal sort of  way  and
dropped again.
"Ah, come on," said the  bodyguard,  "it's  going  to  have  been
great.  You  knocked 'em cold." The bodyguard would have given Dr
Dan Streetmentioner an apoplectic attack.
"The black ship going into the sun always gets 'em, and  the  new
one's  a  beauty.  Be  real sorry to see it go. If we get on down
there, I'll set the black ship autopilot and we'll cruise off  in
the limo. OK?"
The fork  tapped  once  in  agreement,  and  the  glass  of  wine
mysteriously emptied itself.
The  bodyguard  wheeled  Hotblack  Desiato's  chair  out  of  the
Restaurant.
"And now," cried Max from the centre of the  stage,  "the  moment
you've  all  been  waiting  for!" He flung his arms into the air.
Behind him, the band went into a frenzy of percussion and rolling
synthochords.  Max  had  argued with them about this but they had
claimed it was in their contract that that's what they would  do.
His agent would have to sort it out.
"The skies begin to boil!" he cried. "Nature collapses  into  the
screaming void! In twenty seconds' time, the Universe itself will
be at an end! See where the light of infinity bursts in upon us!"
The hideous fury of destruction blazed about them - and  at  that
moment  a  still  small  trumpet  sounded  as  from  an  infinite
distance. Max's eyes swivelled round to glare at the  band.  None
of  them seemed to be playing a trumpet. Suddenly a wisp of smoke
was swirling and shimmering on the stage next to him. The trumpet
was joined by more trumpets. Over five hundred times Max had done
this show, and nothing like this had  ever  happened  before.  He
drew  back  in alarm from the swirling smoke, and as he did so, a
figure slowly materialized inside, the figure of an ancient  man,
bearded,  robed and wreathed in light. In his eyes were stars and
on his brow a golden crown.
"What's this?" whispered Max, wild-eyed, "what's happening?"
At the back of the Restaurant  the  stony-faced  party  from  the
Church  of  the  Second Coming of the Great Prophet Zarquon leapt
ecstatically to their feet chanting and crying.
Max blinked in amazement. He threw up his arms to the audience.
"A big hand please, ladies and gentlemen," he hollered, "for  the
Great Prophet Zarquon! He has come! Zarquon has come again!"
Thunderous applause broke out as Max strode across the stage  and
handed his microphone to the Prophet.
Zarquon coughed. He peered round at the assembled gathering.  The
stars  in  his  eyes  blinked uneasily. He handled the microphone
with confusion.
"Er ..." he said, "hello. Er, look, I'm sorry  I'm  a  bit  late.
I've  had  the most ghastly time, all sorts of things cropping up
at the last moment."
He seemed nervous of the expectant  awed  hush.  He  cleared  his
throat.
"Er, how are we for time?" he said, "have I just got a min-"
And so the Universe ended.
=================================================================
Chapter 19
One of the major selling point of that wholly  remarkable  travel
book,  the  Hitch  Hiker's  Guide  to  the Galaxy, apart from its
relative cheapness and the fact that it has the words Don't Panic
written   in   large  friendly  letters  on  its  cover,  is  its
compendious and occasionally accurate  glossary.  The  statistics
relating  to the geo-social nature of the Universe, for instance,
are deftly set out between pages nine  hundred  and  thirty-eight
thousand  and  twenty-four  and  nine  hundred  and  thirty-eight
thousand and twenty-six; and the simplistic style in  which  they
are  written  is  partly  explained by the fact that the editors,
having to meet a publishing deadline, copied the information  off
the back of a packet of breakfast cereal, hastily embroidering it
with a few footnoted in order  to  avoid  prosecution  under  the
incomprehensibly tortuous Galactic Copyright laws.
It is interesting to note that a later and wilier editor sent the
book  backwards  in  time  through  a  temporal  warp,  and  then
successfully sued the breakfast cereal company  for  infringement
of the same laws.
Here is a sample:
The Universe - some information to help you live in it.
1~Area: Infinite.
The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy offers this  definition  of
the word "Infinite".
Infinite: Bigger than the biggest thing ever and then some.  Much
bigger  than  that  in  fact, really amazingly immense, a totally
stunning size, "wow, that's big", time. Infinity is just  so  big
that  by comparison, bigness itself looks really titchy. Gigantic
multiplied by colossal multiplied by  staggeringly  huge  is  the
sort of concept we're trying to get across here.
2~Imports: None.
It is impossible to import things into an  infinite  area,  there
being no outside to import things in from.
3~Exports: None.
See imports.
4~Population: None.
It is known that there are an infinite number of  worlds,  simply
because  there  is an infinite amount of space for them to be in.
However, not every one of them  is  inhabited.  Therefore,  there
must  be  a  finite number of inhabited worlds. Any finite number
divided by infinity is as near to nothing as makes  no  odds,  so
the  average population of all the planets in the Universe can be
said to be zero. From this it follows that the population of  the
whole  Universe  is  also  zero, and that any people you may meet
from  time  to  time  are  merely  the  products  of  a  deranged
imagination.
5~Monetary Units: None.
In fact there are three  freely  convertible  currencies  in  the
Galaxy,  but none of them count. The Altairan Dollar has recently
collapsed, the Flaninian Pobble Bead  is  only  exchangeable  for
other  Flaninian  Pobble  Beads,  and the Triganic Pu has its own
very special problems. Its exchange rate of eight Ningis  to  one
Pu  is  simple  enough,  but since a Ningi is a triangular rubber
coin six thousand eight hundred miles across each  side,  no  one
has  ever  collected  enough  to  own  one  Pu.  Ningis  are  not
negotiable currency because the Galactibanks refuse  to  deal  in
fiddling  small change. From this basic premise it is very simple
to prove that the Galactibanks are also the product of a deranged
imagination.
6~Art: None.
The function of art is to hold the mirror up to nature, and there
simply isn't a mirror big enough - see point one.
7~Sex: None.
Well, in fact there is an awful lot of this, largely  because  of
the total lack of money, trade, banks, art, or anything else that
might keep all the non-existent people of the Universe occupied.
However, it is not worth embarking on a long discussion of it now
because   it   really   is   terribly  complicated.  For  further
information  see  Guide  Chapters  seven,  nine,   ten,   eleven,
fourteen, sixteen, seventeen, nineteen, twenty-one to eighty-four
inclusive, and in fact most of the rest of the Guide.
=================================================================
Chapter 20
The  Restaurant  continued  existing,  but  everything  else  had
stopped.  Temporal  relastatics  held  it  and  protected it in a
nothingness that wasn't merely a vacuum, it was simply nothing  -
there was nothing in which a vacuum could be said to exist.
The force-shielded dome had once again been rendered opaque,  the
party  was  over,  the  diners were leaving, Zarquon had vanished
along with the rest of  the  Universe,  the  Time  Turbines  were
preparing to pull the Restaurant back across the brink of time in
readiness for the lunch sitting, and Max Quordlepleen was back in
his  small  curtained  dressing room trying to raise his agent on
the tempophone.
In the car park stood the black ship, closed and silent.
In to the car park came the late Mr Hotblack  Desiato,  propelled
along the moving catwalk by his bodyguard.
They descended one of the tubes. As they approached the  limoship
a  hatchway  swung  down from its side, engaged the wheels of the
wheelchair and drew it inside. The bodyguard followed, and having
seen  his  boss  safely connected up to his death-support system,
moved up to the  small  cockpit.  Here  he  operated  the  remote
control  system  which  activated the autopilot in the black ship
lying next to the limo,  thus  causing  great  relief  to  Zaphod
Beeblebrox  who  had  been trying to start the thing for over ten
minutes.
The black ship glided smoothly forward out of  its  bay,  turned,
and  moved  down the central causeway swiftly and quietly. At the
end it accelerated rapidly, flung itself into the temporal launch
chamber and began the long journey back into the distant past.
The Milliways Lunch Menu quotes, by permission,  a  passage  from
the Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy. The passage is this:
The History of every major Galactic Civilization  tends  to  pass
through   three   distinct  and  recognizable  phases,  those  of
Survival, Inquiry and Sophistication, otherwise known as the How,
Why and Where phases.
For instance, the first phase is characterized  by  the  question
"How  can  we  eat?", the second by the question "Why do we eat?"
and the third by the question, "Where shall we have lunch?"
The Menu goes on to suggest that Milliways, the Restaurant at the
End  of the Universe, would be a very agreeable and sophisticated
answer to that third question.
What it doesn't go on to say is that though it will usually  take
a  large civilization many thousands of years to pass through the
How, Why and Where phases, small social groupings under stressful
conditions can pass through them with extreme rapidity.
"How are we doing?" said Arthur Dent.
"Badly," said Ford Prefect.
"Where are we going?" said Trillian.
"I don't know," said Zaphod Beeblebrox.
"Why not?" demanded Arthur Dent.
"Shut up," suggested Zaphod Beeblebrox and Ford Prefect.
"Basically,  what  you're  trying  to  say,"  said  Arthur  Dent,
ignoring this suggestion, "is that we're out of control."
The ship was rocking and swaying sickeningly as Ford  and  Zaphod
tried to wrest control from the autopilot. The engined howled and
whined like tired children in a supermarket.
"It's the wild colour scheme that freaks me," said  Zaphod  whose
love  affair  with this ship had lasted almost three minutes into
the flight, "Every time you try to  operate  on  of  these  weird
black  controls that are labelled in black on a black background,
a little black light lights up black to let you know you've  done
it. What is this? Some kind of galactic hyperhearse?"
The walls of the swaying cabin were also black, the  ceiling  was
black,  the  seats  -  which  were  rudimentary  since  the  only
important trip this ship was designed  for  was  supposed  to  be
unmanned   -  were  black,  the  control  panel  was  black,  the
instruments were black, the little screws that held them in place
were  black,  the thin tufted nylon floor covering was black, and
when they had lifted up a corner of it they had  discovered  that
the foam underlay also was black.
"Perhaps whoever designed it had eyes that responded to different
wavelengths," offered Trillian.
"Or didn't have much imagination," muttered Arthur.
"Perhaps," said Marvin, "he was feeling very depressed."
In fact, though they weren't to  know  it,  the  decor  had  been
chosen in honour of its owner's sad, lamented, and tax-deductible
condition.
The ship gave a particularly sickening lurch.
"Take it easy," pleaded Arthur, "you're making me space sick."
"Time sick,"  said  Ford,  "we're  plummeting  backwards  through
time."
"Thank you," said Arthur, "now I think I really am  going  to  be
ill."
"Go ahead," said Zaphod, "we could do with a little colour  about
this place."
"This is meant to be a polite after-dinner conversation  is  it?"
snapped Arthur.
Zaphod left the controls for Ford to figure out, and lurched over
to Arthur.
"Look, Earthman," he said angrily,  "you've  got  a  job  to  do,
right? The Question to the Ultimate Answer, right?"
"What, that thing?" said Arthur, "I thought we'd forgotten  about
that."
"Not me, baby. Like the mice said, it's worth a lot of  money  in
the  right quarters. And it's all locked up in that head thing of
yours."
"Yes but ..."
"But nothing! Think about it. The Meaning of  Life!  We  get  our
fingers  on  that  we  can  hold every shrink in the Galaxy up to
ransom, and that's worth a bundle. I owe mine a mint."
Arthur took a deep breath without much enthusiasm.
"Alright," he said, "but where do we start? How  should  I  know?
They  say  the Ultimate Answer or whatever is Forty-two, how am I
supposed to know what the question is? It could  be  anything.  I
mean, what's six times seven?"
Zaphod looked at him hard for a moment. Then his eyes blazed with
excitement.
"Forty-two!" he cried.
Arthur wiped his palm across his forehead.
"Yes," he said patiently," I know that."
Zaphod's faces fell.
"I'm just saying that the question could  be  anything  at  all,"
said Arthur, "and I don't see how I am meant to know."
"Because," hissed Zaphod, "you were there when  your  planet  did
the big firework."
"We have a thing on Earth ..." began Arthur.
"Had," corrected Zaphod.
"... called tact. Oh never mind. Look, I just don't know."
A low voice echoed dully round the cabin.
"I know," said Marvin.
Ford called out from the controls he was still fighting a  losing
battle with.
"Stay out of this Marvin," he said, "this is organism talk."
"It's printed in the Earthman's  brainwave  patterns,"  continued
Marvin, "but I don't suppose you'll be very interested in knowing
that."
"You mean," said Arthur, "you mean you can see into my mind?"
"Yes," said Marvin.
Arthur stared in astonishment.
"And ...?" he said.
"It amazes me how you can manage to live in anything that small."
"Ah," said Arthur, "abuse."
"Yes," confirmed Marvin.
"Ah, ignore him," said Zaphod, "he's only making it up."
"Making it up?" said Marvin, swivelling his head in a  parody  of
astonishment,  "Why should I want to make anything up? Life's bad
enough as it is without wanting to invent any more of it."
"Marvin," said Trillian in the gentle, kindly voice that only she
was  still  capable  of  assuming  in talking to this misbegotten
creature, "if you knew all along, why then didn't you tell us?"
Marvin's head swivelled back to her.
"You didn't ask," he said simply.
"Well, we're asking you now, metal man," said Ford, turning round
to look at him.
At that moment the ship suddenly stopped rocking and swaying, the
engine pitch settled down to a gentle hum.
"Hey, Ford," said Zaphod, "that sounds good. Have you worked  out
the controls of this boat?"
"No," said Ford, "I just stopped fiddling with them. I reckon  we
just go to wherever this ship is going and get off it fast."
"Yeah, right," said Zaphod.
"I could tell you weren't really interested," murmured Marvin  to
himself and slumped into a corner and switched himself off.
"Trouble is," said Ford, "that the one instrument in  this  while
ship  that  is giving any reading is worrying me. If it is what I
think it is, and if it's saying what I think  it's  saying,  then
we've  already  gone too far back into the past. Maybe as much as
two million years before our own time."
Zaphod shrugged.
"Time is bunk," he said.
"I wonder who this ship belongs to anyway," said Arthur.
"Me," said Zaphod.
"No. Who it really belongs to."
"Really me," insisted Zaphod, "look, property  is  theft,  right?
Therefore theft is property. Therefore this ship is mine, OK?"
"Tell the ship that," said Arthur.
Zaphod strode over to the console.
"Ship," he said, banging on the panels, "this is your  new  owner
speaking to ..."
He got no further. Several things happened at once.
The ship dropped out fo time travel mode and re-emerged into real
space.
All the controls on the console, which had been shut down for the
time trip now lit up.
A  large  vision  screen  above  the  console  winked  into  life
revealing a wide starscape and a single very large sun dead ahead
of them.
None of these things, however, were responsible for the fact that
Zaphod was at the same moment hurled bodily backwards against the
rear of the cabin, as were all the others.
They were hurled back by a single thunderous clap of  noise  that
thuddered  out  of  the  monitor  speakers surrounding the vision
screen.
=================================================================
Chapter 21
Down on the dry, red world of Kakrafoon, in  the  middle  of  the
vast  Rudlit Desert, the stage technicians were testing the sound
system.
That is to say, the sound system was in the desert, not the stage
technicians.  They had retreated to the safety of Disaster Area's
giant control ship which hung in orbit some  four  hundred  miles
above  the surface of the planet, and they were testing the sound
system from there. Anyone within five miles of the speaker  silos
wouldn't have survived the tuning up.
If Arthur Dent had been within five miles of  the  speaker  silos
then  his  expiring thought would have been that in both size and
shape the sound rig closely resembled Manhattan. Risen out of the
silos,  the  neutron  phase  speaker  stacks  towered monstrously
against the sky, obscuring the banks of  plutonium  reactors  and
seismic amps behind them.
Buried deep in concrete bunkers beneath the city of speakers  lay
the instruments that the musicians would control from their ship,
the massive photon-ajuitar, the bass detonator and  the  Megabang
drum complex.
It was going to be a noisy show.
Aboard the giant control  ship,  all  was  activity  and  bustle.
Hotblack  Desiato's  limoship,  a  mere  tadpole  beside  it, had
arrived  and  docked,  and  the  lamented  gentleman  was   being
transported  down  the  high vaulted corridors to meet the medium
who was going to interpret his psychic impulses on to the ajuitar
keyboard.
A doctor, a  logician  and  a  marine  biologist  had  also  just
arrived,  flown  in at phenomenal expense from Maximegalon to try
to reason with the lead singer who  had  locked  himself  in  the
bathroom with a bottle of pills and was refusing to come out till
it could be proved conclusively to him that he wasn't a fish. The
bass  player was busy machine-gunning his bedroom and the drummer
was nowhere on board.
Frantic inquiries led to the discovery that he was standing on  a
beach  on Santraginus V over a hundred light years away where, he
claimed, he had been happy over half an hour now and had found  a
small stone that would be his friend.
The band's manager was profoundly relieved. It meant that for the
seventeenth  time  on  this  tour  the drums would be played by a
robot and that therefore the timing of the cymbalistics would  be
right.
The sub-ether was buzzing with the communications  of  the  stage
technicians  testing  the  speaker channels, and this it was that
was being relayed to the interior of the black ship.
Its dazed occupants lay against the back wall of the  cabin,  and
listened to the voices on the monitor speakers.
"OK, channel nine on  power,"  said  a  voice,  "testing  channel
fifteen ..."
Another thumping crack of noise walloped through the ship.
"Channel fifteen AOK," said another voice.
A third voice cut in.
"The black stunt ship is now in position," it said, "it's looking
good. Gonna be a great sundive. Stage computer on line?"
A computer voice answered.
"On line," it said.
"Take control of the black ship."
"Black ship locked into trajectory programme, on standby."
"Testing channel twenty."
Zaphod leaped across the cabin and switched  frequencies  on  the
sub-ether  receiver  before  the  next mind-pulverizing noise hit
them. He stood there quivering.
"What," said Trillian in  a  small  quiet  voice,  "does  sundive
mean?"
"It means," said Marvin, "that the ship os going to dive into the
sun.  Sun  ...  Dive. It's very simple to understand. What do you
expect if you steal Hotblack Desiato's stunt ship?"
"How do you know ..." said Zaphod in a voice that  would  make  a
Vegan  snow  lizard feel chilly, "that this is Hotblack Desiato's
stuntship?"
"Simple," said Marvin, "I parked it for him."
"The why ... didn't ... you ... tell us!"
"You said you wanted excitement and  adventure  and  really  wild
things."
"This is awful," said Arthur unnecessarily  in  the  pause  which
followed.
"That's what I said," confirmed Marvin.
On a different frequency, the sub-ether receiver had picked up  a
public broadcast, which now echoed round the cabin.
"... fine weather  for  the  concert  here  this  afternoon.  I'm
standing  here in front of the stage," the reporter lied, "in the
middle of the Rudlit Desert, and with the  aid  of  hyperbinoptic
glasses  I  can  just  about  make out the huge audience cowering
there on the horizon all around me. Behind me the speaker  stacks
rise  like  a  sheer  cliff  face,  and  high above me the sun is
shining away and  doesn't  know  what's  going  to  hit  it.  The
environmentalist  lobby  do know what's going to hit it, and they
claim that the  concert  will  cause  earthquakes,  tidal  waves,
hurricanes,  irreparable  damage  to  the atmosphere, and all the
usual things that environmentalists usually go on about.
"But I've just had a report that  a  representative  of  Disaster
Area  met  with  the environmentalists at lunchtime, and had them
all shot, so nothing now lies in the way of ..."
Zaphod switched it off. He turned to Ford.
"You know what I'm thinking?" he said.
"I think so," said Ford.
"Tell me what you think I'm thinking."
"I think you're thinking it's time we get off this ship."
"I think you're right," said Zaphod.
"I think you're right," said Ford.
"How?" said Arthur.
"Quiet," said Ford and Zaphod, "we're thinking."
"So this is it," said Arthur, "we're going to die."
"I wish you'd stop saying that," said Ford.
It is worth repeating at this point the theories  that  Ford  had
come  up  with,  on  his  first  encounter  with human beings, to
account for their  peculiar  habit  of  continually  stating  and
restating  the  very  very  obvious,  as it 'It's a nice day," or
"You're very tall," or "So this is it, we're going to die."
His first theory was that if human beings didn't keep  exercising
their lips, their mouths probably seized up.
After a few months of observation he had come up  with  a  second
theory,  which  was this - "If human beings don't keep exercising
their lips, their brains start working."
In fact, this  second  theory  is  more  literally  true  of  the
Belcebron people of Kakrafoon.
The  Belcebron  people  used  to  cause  great   resentment   and
insecurity  amongst  neighboring  races  by being one of the most
enlightened, accomplished, and above all quiet  civilizations  in
the Galaxy.
As a  punishment  for  this  behaviour,  which  was  held  to  be
offensively  self  righteous and provocative, a Galactic Tribunal
inflicted on  them  that  most  cruel  of  all  social  diseases,
telepathy.   Consequently,   in   order   to  prevent  themselves
broadcasting every slightest thought that crossed their minds  to
anyone  within  a  five  mile  radius, they now have to talk very
loudly and continuously about the weather, their little aches and
pains,  the match this afternoon and what a noisy place Kakrafoon
had suddenly become.
Another method of temporarily blotting out their minds is to play
host to a Disaster Area concert.
The timing of the concert was critical.
The ship had to begin its dive before the concert began in  order
to  hit  the  sun six minutes and thirty-seven seconds before the
climax of the song to which it related, so that the light of  the
solar flares had time to travel out to Kakrafoon.
The ship had already been diving for several minutes by the  time
that   Ford  Prefect  had  completed  his  search  of  the  other
compartments of the black ship. He burst back into the cabin.
The sun of Kakrafoon loomed  terrifyingly  large  on  the  vision
screen,  its  blazing  white  inferno  of  fusing hydrogen nuclei
growing moment by moment as the ship plunged  onwards,  unheeding
the  thumping and banging of Zaphod's hands on the control panel.
Arthur and Trillian had the fixed expressions  of  rabbits  on  a
night   road  who  think  that  the  best  way  of  dealing  with
approaching headlights is to stare them out.
Zaphod span round, wild-eyed.
"Ford," he said, "how many escape capsules are there?"
"None," said Ford.
Zaphod gibbered.
"Did you count them?" he yelled.
"Twice," said Ford, "did you manage to raise the  stage  crew  on
the radio?"
"Yeah," said Zaphod, bitterly, "I said there were a  whole  bunch
of people on board, and they said to say `hi' to everybody."
Ford goggled.
"Didn't you tell them who we were?"
"Oh yeah. They said it was a great  honour.  That  and  something
about a restaurant bill and my executors."
Ford pushed Arthur aside and  leaned  forward  over  the  control
console.
"Does none of this function?" he said savagely.
"All overridden."
"Smash the autopilot."
"Find it first. Nothing connects."
There was a moment's cold silence.
Arthur was stumbling round the back  of  the  cabin.  He  stopped
suddenly.
"Incidentally," he said, "what does teleport mean?"
Another moment passed.
Slowly, the others turned to face him.
"Probably the wrong moment to ask," said  Arthur,  "It's  just  I
remember  hearing  you  use the word a short while ago and I only
bring it up because ..."
"Where," said Ford Prefect quietly, "does it say teleport?"
"Well, just over here in fact," said Arthur, pointing at  a  dark
control  box  in  the  rear  of  the  cabin, "Just under the word
`emergency', above the word `system' and beside the  sign  saying
`out of order'."
In the pandemonium that instantly followed, the  only  action  to
follow  was  that of Ford Prefect lunging across the cabin to the
small black box that Arthur had indicated and stabbing repeatedly
at the single small black button set into it.
A  six-foot  square  panel  slid  open  beside  it  revealing   a
compartment which resembled a multiple shower unit that had found
a new function in life as  an  electrician's  junk  store.  Half-
finished  wiring  hung  from  the  ceiling, a jumble of abandoned
components lay strewn on the floor,  and  the  programming  panel
lolled  out  of  the cavity in the wall into which it should have
been secured.
A junior Disaster Area accountant, visiting  the  shipyard  where
this  ship  was  being  constructed,  had demanded to know of the
works foreman  why  the  hell  they  were  fitting  an  extremely
expensive  teleport  into  a  ship  which  only had one important
journey to make, and that unmanned.  The  foreman  had  explained
that  the  teleport  was available at a ten per cent discount and
the accountant  had  explained  that  this  was  immaterial;  the
foreman  had  explained that it was the finest, most powerful and
sophisticated teleport that money could buy  and  the  accountant
had  explained that the money did not wish to buy it; the foreman
had explained that people would still need to enter and leave the
ship  and  the  accountant  had explained that the ship sported a
perfectly serviceable door; the foreman had  explained  that  the
accountant  could  go  and  boil  his head and the accountant had
explained to the foreman that the thing approaching  him  rapidly
from  his left was a knuckle sandwich. After the explanations had
been concluded, work  was  discontinued  on  the  teleport  which
subsequently  passed  unnoticed on the invoice as "Sund. explns."
at five times the price.
"Hell's donkeys," muttered Zaphod as he  and  Ford  attempted  to
sort through the tangle of wiring.
After a moment or so Ford told him to stand  back.  He  tossed  a
coin  into  the  teleport  and  jiggled  a  switch on the lolling
control panel. With  a  crackle  and  spit  of  light,  the  coin
vanished.
"That much of  it  works,"  said  Ford,  "however,  there  is  no
guidance  system. A matter transference teleport without guidance
programming could put you ... well, anywhere."
The sun of Kakrafoon loomed huge on the screen.
"Who cares," said Zaphod, "we go where we go."
"And," said Ford, "there is no autosystem. We  couldn't  all  go.
Someone would have to stay and operate it."
A solemn moment shuffled past. The sun loomed larger and larger.
"Hey, Marvin kid," said Zaphod brightly, "how you doing?"
"Very badly I suspect," muttered Marvin.
A shortish while later,  the  concert  on  Kakrafoon  reached  an
unexpected climax.
The black ship with its single morose  occupant  had  plunged  on
schedule  into  the  nuclear  furnace  of  the sun. Massive solar
flares licked out from it millions of miles into space, thrilling
and  in a few cases spilling the dozen or so Flare Riders who had
been coasting close to the surface of the sun in anticipation  of
the moment.
Moments before the flare light  reached  Kakrafoon  the  pounding
desert  cracked  along  a  deep  faultline.  A  huge and hitherto
undetected underground river lying far beneath the surface gushed
to  the  surface  to be followed seconds later by the eruption of
millions of tons of boiling lava that  flowed  hundreds  of  feet
into the air, instantaneously vaporizing the river both above and
below the surface in an explosion that echoed to the far side  of
the world and back again.
Those - very few - who witnessed the  event  and  survived  swear
that  the  whole hundred thousand square miles of the desert rose
into the air like a mile-thick pancake, flipped itself  over  and
fell  back  down. At that precise moment the solar radiation from
the flares filtered through the clouds  of  vaporized  water  and
struck the ground.
A year later, the hundred thousand square mile desert  was  thick
with  flowers.  The structure of the atmosphere around the planet
was subtly altered. The sun blazed less harshly  in  the  summer,
the cold bit less bitterly in the winter, pleasant rain fell more
often,  and  slowly  the  desert  world  of  Kakrafoon  became  a
paradise.  Even  the  telepathic  power  with which the people of
Kakrafoon had been cursed was permanently dispersed by the  force
of the explosion.
A spokesman for Disaster Area - the  one  who  had  had  all  the
environmentalists  shot  - was later quoted as saying that it had
been "a good gig".
Many people spoke movingly of the healing powers of music. A  few
sceptical  scientists  examined  the  records  of the events more
closely, and claimed that they had discovered faint vestiges of a
vast  artificially induced Improbability Field drifting in from a
nearby region of space.
=================================================================
Chapter 22
Arthur woke up and instantly regretted it.  Hangovers  he'd  had,
but  never  anything on this scale. This was it, this was the big
one, this was the ultimate pits. Matter  transference  beams,  he
decided,  were  not as much fun as, say, a good solid kick in the
head.
Being for the moment unwilling to  move  on  account  of  a  dull
stomping  throb  he was experiencing, he lay a while and thought.
The  trouble  with  most  forms  of  transport,  he  thought,  is
basically  one of them not being worth all the bother. On Earth -
when there had been an Earth, before it was  demolished  to  make
way for a new hyperspace bypass - the problem had been with cars.
The disadvantages involved in pulling lots of black sticky  slime
from  out  of  the  ground where it had been safely hidden out of
harm's way, turning it into tar to cover the land with, smoke  to
fill  the  air with and pouring the rest into the sea, all seemed
to outweigh the advantages of being able to get more quickly from
one place to another - particularly when the place you arrived at
had probably become, as a result of this,  very  similar  to  the
place  you  had  left,  i.e.  covered with tar, full of smoke and
short of fish.
And what about matter transference beams? Any form  of  transport
which  involved  tearing  you  apart atom by atom, flinging those
atoms through the sub-ether, and then jamming them back  together
again  just  when  they were getting their first taste of freedom
for years had to be bad news.
Many people had thought exactly this before Arthur Dent  and  had
even  gone  to the lengths of writing songs about it. Here is one
that used regularly to be chanted  by  huge  crowds  outside  the
Sirius   Cybernetics  Corporation  Teleport  Systems  factory  on
Happi-Werld III:
Aldebaran's great, OK,
Algol's pretty neat,
Betelgeuse's pretty girls,
Will knock you off your feet.
They'll do anything you like,
Real fast and then real slow,
But if you have to take me apart to get me there,
Then I don't want to go.
Singing,
Take me apart, take me apart,
What a way to roam,
And if you have to take me apart to get me there,
I'd rather stay at home.
Sirius is paved with gold
So I've heard it said
By nuts who then go on to say
"See Tau before you're dead."
I'll gladly take the high road
Or even take the low,
But if you have to take me apart to get me there,
Then I, for one, won't go.
Singing,
Take me apart, take me apart, You must be off your head,
And if you try to take me apart to get me there,
I'll stay right here in bed.
I teleported home one night,
With Ron and Sid and Meg,
Ron stole Meggie's heart away,
And I got Sidney's leg.
Arthur felt the waves of pain  slowly  receding,  though  he  was
still aware of a dull stomping throb. Slowly, carefully, he stood
"Can you hear a dull stomping throb?" said Ford Prefect.
Arthur span round  and  wobbled  uncertainly.  Ford  Prefect  was
approaching looking red eyed and pasty.
"Where are we?" gasped Arthur.
Ford looked around. They were standing in a long curving corridor
which  stretched out of sight in both directions. The outer steel
wall - which was painted in that sickly shade of pale green which
they  use  in  schools,  hospitals and mental asylums to keep the
inmates subdued - curved over the tops of their  heads  where  it
met  the inner perpendicular wall which, oddly enough was covered
in dark brown hessian wall weave. The floor  was  of  dark  green
ribbed rubber.
Ford moved over to a very thick dark transparent panel set in the
outer  wall.  It was several layers deep, yet through it he could
see pinpoints of distant stars.
"I think we're in a spaceship of some kind," he said.
Down the corridor came the sound of a dull stomping throb.
"Trillian?" called Arthur nervously, "Zaphod?"
Ford shrugged.
"Nowhere about," he said, "I've looked. They could  be  anywhere.
An  unprogrammed  teleport  can  throw  you  light  years  in any
direction. Judging by  the  way  I  feel  I  should  think  we've
travelled a very long way indeed."
"How do you feel?"
"Bad."
"Do you think they're ..."
"Where they are, how they are, there's no way we can know and  no
way we can do anything about it. Do what I do."
"What?"
"Don't think about it."
Arthur turned this thought over in his mind, reluctantly saw  the
wisdom  of  it,  tucked  it  up  and  put it away. He took a deep
breath.
"Footsteps!" exclaimed Ford suddenly.
"Where?"
"That noise. That stomping throb. Pounding feet. Listen!"
Arthur listened. The noise echoed round the corridor at them from
an  indeterminate  distance. It was the muffled sound of pounding
footsteps, and it was noticeably louder.
"Let's move," said Ford sharply. They both moved  -  in  opposite
directions.
"Not that way," said Ford, "that's where they're coming from."
"No it's not," said Arthur, "They're coming from that way."
"They're not, they're ..."
They both stopped. They both turned. They both listened intently.
They both agreed with each other. They both set off into opposite
directions again.
Fear gripped them.
From both directions the noise was getting louder.
A few yards to their left another corridor ran at right angles to
the inner wall. They ran to it and hurried along it. It was dark,
immensely long and,  as  they  passed  down  it,  gave  them  the
impression that it was getting colder and colder. Other corridors
gave off it to the left  and  right,  each  very  dark  and  each
subjecting them to sharp blasts of icy air as they passed.
They stopped for a moment in alarm. The further down the corridor
they went, the louder became the sound of pounding feet.
They pressed themselves back against the cold wall  and  listened
furiously.  The  cold,  the  dark and the drumming of disembodied
feet was getting to them badly. Ford shivered,  partly  with  the
cold,  but partly with the memory of stories his favourite mother
used to tell him when he was a mere slip of a Betelgeusian, ankle
high  to  an  Arcturan  Megagrasshopper:  stories  of dead ships,
haunted hulks that roamed restlessly round the  obscurer  regions
of  deep  space  infested  with demons or the ghosts of forgotten
crews; stories too of incautious travellers who found and entered
such  ships;  stories  of  ...  -  then Ford remembered the brown
hessian wall weave in  the  first  corridor  and  pulled  himself
together.  However ghosts and demons may choose to decorate their
death hulks, he thought to himself, he would lay  any  money  you
liked it wasn't with hessian wall weave. He grasped Arthur by the
arm.
"Back the way we came,"  he  said  firmly  and  they  started  to
retrace their steps.
A moment later they leap like startled lizards down  the  nearest
corridor  junction  as  the  owners of the drumming feet suddenly
hove into view directly in front of them.
Hidden behind the corner they goggled in amazement as  about  two
dozen  overweight  men and women pounded past them in track suits
panting and wheezing in a manner that would make a heart  surgeon
gibber.
Ford Prefect stared after them.
"Joggers!" he hissed, as the sound of their feet echoed  away  up
and down the network of corridors.
"Joggers?" whispered Arthur Dent.
"Joggers," said Ford prefect with a shrug.
The corridor they were concealed in was not like the  others.  It
was  very  short,  and ended at a large steel door. Ford examined
it, discovered the opening mechanism and pushed it wide.
The first thing that hit their eyes was what  appeared  to  be  a
coffin.
And the next four thousand nine hundred  and  ninety-nine  things
that hit their eyes were also coffins.
=================================================================
Chapter 23
The vault was low ceilinged, dimly lit and gigantic. At  the  far
end,  about  three  hundred  yards away an archway let through to
what appeared to be a similar chamber, similarly occupied.
Ford Prefect let out a low whistle as he stepped down on  to  the
floor of the vault.
"Wild," he said.
"What's so great about  dead  people?"  asked  Arthur,  nervously
stepping down after him.
"Dunno," said Ford, "Let's find out shall we?"
On  closer  inspection  the  coffins  seemed  to  be  more   like
sarcophagi.  They  stood about waist high and were constructed of
what appeared to be white marble, which is almost certainly  what
it  was  -  something  that only appeared to be white marble. The
tops were semi-translucent,  and  through  them  could  dimly  be
perceived  the  features  of  their  late and presumably lamented
occupants. They were humanoid, and had clearly left the  troubles
of  whatever  world  it  was  they came from far behind them, but
beyond that little else could be discerned.
Rolling slowly round the  floor  between  the  sarcophagi  was  a
heavy,  oily  white  gas  which  Arthur at first thought might be
there to give the place a little atmosphere until  he  discovered
that  it also froze his ankles. The sarcophagi too were intensely
cold to the touch.
Ford suddenly crouched down beside  one  of  them.  He  pulled  a
corner  of  his  towel  out  of  his  satchel  and started to rub
furiously at something.
"Look, there's a plaque on this one,"  he  explained  to  Arthur,
"It's frosted over."
He rubbed the frost clear and examined the  engraved  characters.
To  Arthur  they  looked like the footprints of a spider that had
had one too many of whatever it is that spiders have on  a  night
out,  but  Ford  instantly  recognized  an early form of Galactic
Eezeereed.
"It says `Golgafrincham Ark Fleet, Ship B, Hold Seven,  Telephone
Sanitizer Second Class' - and a serial number."
"A  telephone  sanitizer?"  said  Arthur,   "a   dead   telephone
sanitizer?"
"Best kind."
"But what's he doing here?"
Ford peered through the top at the figure within.
"Not a lot," he said, and suddenly flashed one of those grins  of
his  which  always  made  people think he'd been overdoing things
recently and should try to get some rest.
He scampered over to another sarcophagus. A moment's brisk  towel
work and he announced:
"This one's a dead hairdresser. Hoopy!"
The next sarcophagus revealed itself to be the last resting place
of an advertising account executive; the one after that contained
a second-hand car salesman, third class.
An inspection hatch let into the  floor  suddenly  caught  Ford's
attention, and he squatted down to unfasten it, thrashing away at
the clouds of freezing gas that threatened to envelope him.
A thought occurred to Arthur.
"If these are just coffins," he  said,  "Why  are  they  kept  so
cold?"
"Or, indeed, why are they kept anyway,"  said  Ford  tugging  the
hatchway  open.  The  gas poured down through it. "Why in fact is
anyone going to all the  trouble  and  expense  of  carting  five
thousand dead bodies through space?"
"Ten thousand," said Arthur,  pointing  at  the  archway  through
which the next chamber was dimly visible.
Ford stuck his head down through the floor hatchway. He looked up
again.
"Fifteen thousand," he said, "there's another lot down there."
"Fifteen million," said a voice.
"That's a lot," said Ford, "A lot a lot."
"Turn around slowly," barked the voice, "and put your  hands  up.
Any other move and I blast you into tiny tiny bits."
"Hello?" said Ford, turning round slowly, putting  his  hands  up
and not making any other move.
"Why," said Arthur Dent, "isn't anyone ever pleased to see us?"
Standing silhouetted  in  the  doorway  through  which  they  had
entered the vault was the man who wasn't pleased to see them. His
displeasure was communicated  partly  by  the  barking  hectoring
quality  of his voice and partly by the viciousness with which he
waved a long silver Kill-O-Zap gun at them. The designer  of  the
gun had clearly not been instructed to beat about the bush. "Make
it evil," he'd been told. "Make it totally clear  that  this  gun
has  a right end and a wrong end. Make it totally clear to anyone
standing at the wrong end that things are going badly  for  them.
If  that  means  sticking  all  sort  of  spikes  and  prongs and
blackened bits all over it then so be it. This is not a  gun  for
hanging  over the fireplace or sticking in the umbrella stand, it
is a gun for going out and making people miserable with."
Ford and Arthur looked at the gun unhappily.
The man with the gun moved from the door and circled round  them.
As  he  came  into  the  light  they could see his black and gold
uniform on which the buttons were so highly  polished  that  they
shone  with  an  intensity  that  would  have made an approaching
motorist flash his lights in annoyance.
He gestured at the door.
"Out," he said. People who can supply that amount of  fire  power
don't  need  to  supply  verbs as well. Ford and Arthur went out,
closely followed by the wrong end of the Kill-O-Zap gun  and  the
buttons.
Turning into  the  corridor  they  were  jostled  by  twenty-four
oncoming  joggers,  now  showered  and changed, who swept on past
them into the vault. Arthur turned to watch them in confusion.
"Move!" screamed their captor.
Arthur moved.
Ford shrugged and moved.
In the vault the joggers went  to  twenty-four  empty  sarcophagi
along  the  side  wall,  opened  them,  climbed in, and fell into
twenty-four dreamless sleeps.
=================================================================
Chapter 24
"Er, captain ..."
"Yes, Number One?"
"Just heard a sort of report thingy from Number Two."
"Oh, dear."
High up in the bridge of the ship, the Captain  stared  out  into
the infinite reaches of space with mild irritation. From where he
reclined beneath a wide domed bubble  he  could  see  before  and
above  them  the  vast  panorama of stars through which they were
moving - a panorama that had thinned  out  noticably  during  the
course  of  the  voyage.  Turning and looking backwards, over the
vast two-mile bulk of the ship he could see the far  denser  mass
of  stars  behind  them which seemed to form almost a solid band.
This was the view through the Galactic  centre  from  which  they
were  travelling,  and indeed had been travelling for years, at a
speed that he couldn't quite remember at the moment, but he  knew
it  was  terribly fast. It was something approaching the speed of
something or other, or was it three times the speed of  something
else? Jolly impressive anyway. He peered into the bright distance
behind the ship, looking for something. He  did  this  every  few
minutes or so, but never found what he was looking for. He didn't
let it worry him  though.  The  scientist  chaps  had  been  very
insistent  that  everything  was  going  to  be perfectly alright
providing nobody panicked and everybody got on and did their  bit
in an orderly fashion.
He wasn't panicking. As far as he was  concerned  everything  was
going  splendidly.  He dabbed at his shoulder with a large frothy
sponge. It crept back into his mind that he  was  feeling  mildly
irritated  about something. Now what was all that about? A slight
cough alerted him to the fact that the ship's first  officer  was
still standing nearby.
Nice chap, Number One. Not of the very  brightest,  had  the  odd
spot  of  difficulty  doing  up  his  shoe  laces, but jolly good
officer material for all that. The Captain wasn't a man to kick a
chap  when  he  was  bending over trying to do up his shoe laces,
however long it took him.  Not  like  that  ghastly  Number  Two,
strutting  about  all  over  the  place,  polishing  his buttons,
issuing reports  every  hour:  "Ship's  still  moving,  Captain."
"Still   on   course,   Captain."   "Oxygen  levels  still  being
maintained, Captain." "Give it a miss," was the  Captain's  vote.
Ah  yes,  that  was  the  thing  that had been irritating him. He
peered down at Number One.
"Yes, Captain, he was shouting something or  other  about  having
found some prisoners ..."
The Captain thought about this. Seemed pretty  unlikely  to  him,
but he wasn't one to stand in his officers' way.
"Well, perhaps that'll keep him happy for a bit," he said,  "He's
always wanted some."
Ford Prefect and  Arthur  Dent  trudged  onwards  up  the  ship's
apparently  endless  corridors.  Number  Two  marched behind them
barking the occasional order about not making any false moves  or
trying  any  funny  stuff.  They seemed to have passed at least a
mile of continuous brown hessian wall weave. Finally they reached
a large steel door which slid open when Number Two shouted at it.
They entered.
To the eyes of Ford Prefect and Arthur Dent, the most  remarkable
thing  about  the  ship's  bridge was not the fifty foot diameter
hemispherical dome  which  covered  it,  and  through  which  the
dazzling  display of stars shone down on them: to people who have
eaten at the Restaurant at the End of the Universe, such  wonders
are  commonplace. Nor was it the bewildering array of instruments
that crowded the long circumferential wall around them. To Arthur
this  was  exactly what spaceships were traditionally supposed to
