coastline they now knew themselves to be standing on.
=================================================================
Chapter 32
A thin whine filled the air. It whirled and  howled  through  the
trees  upsetting  the squirrels. A few birds flew off in disgust.
The noise danced and skittered round the clearing. It whooped, it
rasped, it generally offended.
The  Captain,  however,  regarded  the  lone  bagpiper  with   an
indulgent  eye. Little could disturb his equanimity; indeed, once
he had got over  the  loss  of  his  gorgeous  bath  during  that
unpleasantness  in the swamp all those months ago he had begun to
find his new life remarkably congenial. A hollow had been scooped
out  of  a  large rock which stood in the middle of the clearing,
and in this he would bask daily whilst attendants  sloshed  water
over  him.  Not particularly warm water, it must be said, as they
hadn't yet worked out a way of heating it. Never mind, that would
come,  and  in  the  meantime  search  parties  were scouring the
countryside far and wide for a hot spring, preferably  one  in  a
nice leafy glade, and if it was near a soap mine - perfection. To
those who said that they had  a  feeling  soap  wasn't  found  in
mines,  the Captain had ventured to suggest that perhaps that was
because no one had looked hard enough, and this  possibility  had
been reluctantly acknowledged.
No, life was very pleasant, and the greatest thing about  it  was
that  when the hot spring was found, complete with leafy glade en
suite,  and  when  in  the  fullness  of  time   the   cry   came
reverberating  across  the  hills  that  the  soap  mine had been
located and was producing five hundred cakes a day  it  would  be
more pleasant still. It was very important to have things to look
forward to.
Wail, wail, screech, wail, howl, honk, squeak went the  bagpipes,
increasing  the  Captain's  already  considerable pleasure at the
thought that any moment now they might stop. That  was  something
he looked forward to as well.
What else was pleasant, he asked himself? Well, so  many  things:
the  red  and gold of the trees, now that autumn was approaching;
the peaceful chatter of scissors a few feet from his bath where a
couple  of  hairdressers were exercising their skills on a dozing
art director and his assistant; the sunlight gleaming off the six
shiny  telephones  lined up along the edge of his rock-hewn bath.
The only thing nicer than a phone that didn't ring all  the  time
(or  indeed  at all) was six phones that didn't ring all the time
(or indeed at all).
Nicest of all was the happy murmur of all the hundreds of  people
slowly  assembling  in  the  clearing  around  him  to  watch the
afternoon committee meeting.
The Captain punched his rubber duck playfully on  the  beak.  The
afternoon committee meetings were his favourite.
Other eyes watched the assembling crowds. High in a tree  on  the
edge  of the clearing squatted Ford Prefect, lately returned from
foreign climes. After his six  month  journey  he  was  lean  and
healthy,  his  eyes  gleamed,  he  wore a reindeer-skin coat; his
beard was as thick and his face  as  bronzed  as  a  country-rock
singer's.
He and Arthur Dent  had  been  watching  the  Golgafrinchans  for
almost a week now, and Ford had decided to stir things up a bit.
The clearing was now full. Hundreds  of  men  and  women  lounged
around,  chatting,  eating  fruit,  playing  cards  and generally
having a fairly relaxed time of it. Their track  suits  were  now
all  dirty  and  even  torn, but they all had immaculately styled
hair. Ford was puzzled to see that many of them had stuffed their
track  suits  full of leaves and wondered if this was meant to be
some form of insulation against the coming  winter.  Ford's  eyes
narrowed. They couldn't be interested in botany of a sudden could
they?
In the middle of these  speculations  the  Captain's  voice  rose
above the hubbub.
"Alright," he said, "I'd like to call this meeting to  some  sort
of  order  if  that's  at  all  possible.  Is  that  alright with
everybody?" He smiled genially. "In a  minute.  When  you're  all
ready."
The talking gradually died away and  the  clearing  fell  silent,
except  for  the  bagpiper  who  seemed  to  be  in some wild and
uninhabitable musical world of his own. A few  of  those  in  his
immediate  vicinity  threw  some  leaves to him. If there was any
reason for this then it escaped Ford Prefect for the moment.
A small group of people had clustered round the Captain  and  one
of  them  was clearly beginning to speak. He did this by standing
up, clearing his throat and then gazing off into the distance  as
if  to  signify  to  the  crowd  that  he would be with them in a
minute.
The crowd of course were riveted and all  turned  their  eyes  on
him.
A moment of silence followed, which Ford judged to be  the  right
dramatic moment to make his entry. The man turned to speak.
Ford dropped down out of the tree.
"Hi there," he said.
The crowd swivelled round.
"Ah my dear fellow," called out the Captain, "Got any matches  on
you? Or a lighter? Anything like that?"
"No," said Ford, sounding a little deflated. It wasn't what  he'd
prepared.  He  decided  he'd  better  be a little stronger on the
subject.
"No I haven't," he continued, "No matches. Instead  I  bring  you
news ..."
"Pity," said the Captain, "We've all run out you see. Haven't had
a hot bath in weeks."
Ford refused to be headed off.
"I bring you news," he said, "of a discovery that might  interest
you."
"Is it on the agenda?" snapped the man whom Ford had interrupted.
Ford smiled a broad country-rock singer smile.
"Now, come on," he said.
"Well I'm sorry," said  the  man  huffily,  "but  speaking  as  a
management  consultant  of many years' standing, I must insist on
the importance of observing the committee structure."
Ford looked round the crowd.
"He's mad you know," he said, "this is a prehistoric planet."
"Address the chair!" snapped the management consultant.
"There isn't chair," explained Ford, "there's only a rock."
The management consultant decided that  testiness  was  what  the
situation now called for.
"Well, call it a chair," he said testily.
"Why not call it a rock?" asked Ford.
"You  obviously  have  no  conception,"   said   the   management
consultant,  not  abandoning  testiness  in  favour  of  good old
fashioned hauteur, "of modern business methods."
"And you have no conception of where you are," said Ford.
A girl with a strident voice leapt to her feet and used it.
"Shut up, you two," she said, "I want to table a motion."
"You mean boulder a motion," tittered a hairdresser.
"Order, order!" yapped the management consultant.
"Alright," said Ford, "let's see how you are doing."  He  plonked
himself  down  on  the  ground  to see how long he could keep his
temper.
The Captain made a sort of conciliatory harrumphing noise.
"I would like to call to order," he said  pleasantly,  "the  five
hundred  and  seventy-third meeting of the colonization committee
of Fintlewoodlewix ..."
Ten seconds, thought Ford as he leapt to his feet again.
"This is futile," he exclaimed, "five hundred  and  seventy-three
committee meetings and you haven't even discovered fire yet!"
"If you would care," said the girl with the strident  voice,  "to
examine the agenda sheet ..."
"Agenda rock," trilled the hairdresser happily.
"Thank you, I've made that point," muttered Ford.
"... you ... will ... see ..." continued the girl  firmly,  "that
we  are  having  a report from the hairdressers' Fire Development
Sub-Committee today."
"Oh ... ah -" said the hairdresser with a sheepish look which  is
recognized  the  whole  Galaxy  over  as  meaning  "Er, will next
Tuesday do?"
"Alright," said Ford, rounding on him, "what have you done?  What
are you going to do? What are your thoughts on fire development?"
"Well I don't know," said the hairdresser, "All they gave me  was
a couple of sticks ..."
"So what have you done with them?"
Nervously, the hairdresser fished  in  his  track  suit  top  and
handed over the fruits of his labour to Ford.
Ford held them up for all to see.
"Curling tongs," he said.
The crowd applauded.
"Never mind," said Ford, "Rome wasn't burnt in a day."
The crowd hadn't the faintest idea what he was talking about, but
they loved it nevertheless. They applauded.
"Well, you're obviously being totally naive of course," said  the
girl,  "When  you've  been  in marketing as long as I have you'll
know that before any new product can be developed it  has  to  be
properly  researched. We've got to find out what people want from
fire, how they relate to it, what sort of image it has for them."
The crowd were tense. They  were  expecting  something  wonderful
from Ford.
"Stick it up your nose," he said.
"Which is precisely the sort of thing we need to know,"  insisted
the girl, "Do people want fire that can be applied nasally?"
"Do you?" Ford asked the crowd.
"Yes!" shouted some.
"No!" shouted others happily.
They didn't know, they just thought it was great.
"And the wheel," said the Captain, "What about this wheel thingy?
It sounds a terribly interesting project."
"Ah," said the marketing  girl,  "Well,  we're  having  a  little
difficulty there."
"Difficulty?" exclaimed Ford,  "Difficulty?  What  do  you  mean,
difficulty?  It's  the  single  simplest  machine  in  the entire
Universe!"
The marketing girl soured him with a look.
"Alright, Mr Wiseguy," she said, "you're so clever, you  tell  us
what colour it should have."
The crowd went wild. One up to the home team, they thought.  Ford
shrugged his shoulders and sat down again.
"Almighty Zarquon," he said, "have none of you done anything?"
As if in answer to his question there was  a  sudden  clamour  of
noise  from  the  entrance  to  the  clearing. The crowd couldn't
believe the  amount  of  entertainment  they  were  getting  this
afternoon: in marched a squad of about a dozen men dressed in the
remnants of their  Golgafrincham  3rd  Regiment  dress  uniforms.
About  half  of  them still carried Kill-O-Zap guns, the rest now
carried spears which they struck together as they  marched.  They
looked  bronzed,  healthy,  and utterly exhausted and bedraggled.
They clattered to a halt and banged to  attention.  One  of  them
fell over and never moved again.
"Captain, sir!" cried Number Two - for  he  was  their  leader  -
"Permission to report sir!"
"Yes, alright Number Two, welcome back and all that. Find any hot
springs?" said the Captain despondently.
"No sir!"
"Thought you wouldn't."
Number Two strode through the crowd and presented arms before the
bath.
"We have discovered another continent!"
"When was this?"
"It lies across the sea ..." said Number Two, narrowing his  eyes
significantly, "to the east!"
"Ah."
Number Two turned to face the crowd. He raised his gun above  his
head. This is going to be great, thought the crowd.
"We have declared war on it!"
Wild abandoned cheering broke out in all corners of the  clearing
- this was beyond all expectation.
"Wait a minute," shouted Ford Prefect, "wait a minute!"
He leapt to his feet and demanded silence. After a while  he  got
it,  or  at  least  the  best silence he could hope for under the
circumstances: the  circumstances  were  that  the  bagpiper  was
spontaneously composing a national anthem.
"Do we have to have the piper?" demanded Ford.
"Oh yes," said the Captain, "we've given him a grant."
Ford considered opening this  idea  up  for  debate  but  quickly
decided that that way madness lay. Instead he slung a well judged
rock at the piper and turned to face Number Two.
"War?" he said.
"Yes!" Number Two gazed contemptuously at Ford Prefect.
"On the next continent?"
"Yes! Total warfare! The war to end all wars!"
"But there's no one even living there yet!"
Ah, interesting, thought the crowd, nice point.
Number Two's gaze hovered undisturbed. In this respect  his  eyes
were  like  a  couple  of mosquitos that hover purposefully three
inches from your nose and refuse to be deflected by arm thrashes,
fly swats or rolled newspapers.
"I know that," he said, "but there will be one day!  So  we  have
left an open-ended ultimatum."
"What?"
"And blown up a few military installations."
The Captain leaned forward out of his bath.
"Military installations Number Two?" he said.
For a moment the eyes wavered.
"Yes sir, well  potential  military  installations.  Alright  ...
trees."
The moment of uncertainty passed - his eyes flickered like  whips
over his audience.
"And," he roared, "we interrogated a gazelle!"
He flipped his Kill-O-Zap gun smartly under his arm  and  marched
off  through  the pandemonium that had now erupted throughout the
ecstatic crowd. A few steps was all  he  managed  before  he  was
caught up and carried shoulder high for a lap of honour round the
clearing.
Ford sat and idly tapped a couple of stones together.
"So what else have you done?" he inquired after the  celebrations
had died down.
"We have started a culture," said the marketing girl.
"Oh yes?" said Ford.
"Yes. One of our film producers is already making  a  fascinating
documentary about the indigenous cavemen of the area."
"They're not cavemen."
"They look like cavemen."
"Do they live in caves?"
"Well ..."
"They live in huts."
"Perhaps they're having their caves redecorated,"  called  out  a
wag from the crowd.
Ford rounded on him angrily.
"Very funny," he said, "but have you noticed that  they're  dying
out?"
On their journey back,  Ford  and  Arthur  had  come  across  two
derelict  villages  and  the bodies of many natives in the woods,
where they had crept away to die. Those  that  still  lived  were
stricken  and listless, as if they were suffering some disease of
the spirit rather than the body. They moved sluggishly  and  with
an infinite sadness. Their future had been taken away from them.
"Dying out!" repeated Ford. "Do you know what that means?"
"Er ... we shouldn't sell them any life  insurance?"  called  out
the wag again.
Ford ignored him, and appealed to the whole crowd.
"Can you try and understand," he  said,  "that  it's  just  since
we've arrived that they've started dying out!"
"In fact that comes over terribly well in this  film,"  said  the
marketing  girl,  "and just gives it that poignant twist which is
the hallmark of the really great documentary. The producer's very
committed."
"He should be," muttered Ford.
"I gather," said the girl, turning to address the Captain who was
beginning  to nod off, "that he wants to make one about you next,
Captain."
"Oh really?" he said, coming to with  a  start,  "that's  awfully
nice."
"He's got a very strong angle on it,  you  know,  the  burden  of
responsibility, the loneliness of command ..."
The Captain hummed and hahed about this for a moment.
"Well, I wouldn't overstress  that  angle,  you  know,"  he  said
finally, "one's never alone with a rubber duck."
He held the duck aloft and it got an appreciative round from  the
crowd.
All the while, the Management  Consultant  had  been  sitting  in
stony silence, his finger tips pressed to his temples to indicate
that he was waiting and would wait all day if it was necessary.
At this point he decided he would not wait all day after all,  he
would merely pretend that the last half hour hadn't happened.
He rose to his feet.
"If," he said tersely, "we could for a  moment  move  on  to  the
subject of fiscal policy ..."
"Fiscal policy!" whooped Ford Prefect, "Fiscal policy!"
The Management Consultant gave him a look that  only  a  lungfish
could have copied.
"Fiscal policy ..." he repeated, "that is what I said."
"How can you have money," demanded Ford, "if none of you actually
produces anything? It doesn't grow on trees you know."
"If you would allow me to continue ..."
Ford nodded dejectedly.
"Thank you. Since we decided a few weeks ago to adopt the leaf as
legal tender, we have, of course, all become immensely rich."
Ford  stared  in  disbelief  at  the  crowd  who  were  murmuring
appreciatively  at this and greedily fingering the wads of leaves
with which their track suits were stuffed.
"But we have also," continued  the  Management  Consultant,  "run
into  a  small  inflation problem on account of the high level of
leaf availability, which means that, I gather, the current  going
rate has something like three deciduous forests buying one ship's
peanut."
Murmurs of alarm came from the crowd. The  Management  Consultant
waved them down.
"So in  order  to  obviate  this  problem,"  he  continued,  "and
effectively  revaluate  the  leaf,  we  are  about to embark on a
massive defoliation campaign, and  ...  er,  burn  down  all  the
forests.  I  think  you'll all agree that's a sensible move under
the circumstances."
The crowd seemed a little uncertain about this for  a  second  or
two  until  someone  pointed out how much this would increase the
value of the leaves in  their  pockets  whereupon  they  let  out
whoops  of  delight and gave the Management Consultant a standing
ovation.  The  accountants  amongst  them  looked  forward  to  a
profitable Autumn.
"You're all mad," explained Ford Prefect.
"You're absolutely barmy," he suggested.
"You're a bunch of raving nutters," he opined.
The tide of opinion started to turn against him. What had started
out  as  excellent  entertainment  had  now, in the crowd's view,
deteriorated into mere abuse, and since this  abuse  was  in  the
main directed at them they wearied of it.
Sensing this shift in the wind, the marketing girl turned on him.
"Is it perhaps in order," she demanded, "to inquire  what  you've
been  doing  all these months then? You and that other interloper
have been missing since the day we arrived."
"We've been on a journey," said Ford, "We went to  try  and  find
out something about this planet."
"Oh," said the girl archly, "doesn't  sound  very  productive  to
me."
"No? Well have I got news for you, my love.  We  have  discovered
this planet's future."
Ford waited for this statement to have its effect. It didn't have
any. They didn't know what he was talking about.
He continued.
"It doesn't matter a pair of fetid dingo's kidneys what  you  all
choose  to  do  from  now on. Burn down the forests, anything, it
won't make a scrap of difference. Your future history has already
happened.  Two million years you've got and that's it. At the end
of that time your race will be dead, gone and  good  riddance  to
you. Remember that, two million years!"
The crowd muttered to itself in annoyance. People as rich as they
had  suddenly  become shouldn't be obliged to listen to this sort
of gibberish. Perhaps they could tip the fellow a leaf or two and
he would go away.
They didn't need to bother. Ford was already stalking out of  the
clearing,  pausing  only  to shake his head at Number Two who was
already firing his Kill-O-Zap gun into some neighbouring trees.
He turned back once.
"Two million years!" he said and laughed.
"Well," said the Captain with a soothing smile, "still time for a
few  more baths. Could someone pass me the sponge? I just dropped
it over the side."
=================================================================
Chapter 33
A mile or so away through the wood, Arthur Dent  was  too  busily
engrossed with what he was doing to hear Ford Prefect approach.
What he was doing was rather curious, and this is what it was: on
a  wide  flat  piece  of rock he had scratched out the shape of a
large square, subdivided into one hundred and sixty-nine  smaller
squares, thirteen to a side.
Furthermore he had collected together a pile of smallish flattish
stones  and  scratched  the shape of a letter on to each. Sitting
morosely round the rock were a  couple  of  the  surviving  local
native  men  whom Arthur Dent was trying to introduce the curious
concept embodied in these stones.
So far they had not done well. They had attempted to eat some  of
them,  bury  others  and  throw the rest of them away. Arthur had
finally encouraged one of them to lay a couple of stones  on  the
board  he  had  scratched  out, which was not even as far as he'd
managed to get the day before. Along with the rapid deterioration
in   the  morale  of  these  creatures,  there  seemed  to  be  a
corresponding deterioration in their actual intelligence.
In an attempt to egg them along,  Arthur  set  out  a  number  of
letters  on  the  board  himself, and then tried to encourage the
natives to add some more themselves.
It was not going well.
Ford watched quietly from beside a nearby tree.
"No," said Arthur to one of the natives  who  had  just  shuffled
some  of  the  letters  round  in  a fit of abysmal dejection, "Q
scores ten you see, and it's on a triple word score, so ... look,
I've  explained the rules to you ... no no, look please, put down
that  jawbone  ...  alright,  we'll  start  again.  And  try   to
concentrate this time."
Ford leaned his elbow against the tree and his hand  against  his
head.
"What are you doing, Arthur?" he asked quietly.
Arthur looked up with a start. He suddenly had a feeling that all
this  might  look  slightly  foolish. All he knew was that it had
worked like a dream on him when he was a chid.  But  things  were
different then, or rather would be.
"I'm trying to teach the cavemen to play Scrabble," he said.
"They're not cavemen," said Ford.
"They look like cavemen."
Ford let it pass.
"I see," he said.
"It's uphill work," said Arthur wearily, "the only word they know
is grunt and they can't spell it."
He sighed and sat back.
"What's that supposed to achieve?" asked Ford.
"We've got to encourage them to evolve! To develop!" Arthur burst
out  angrily.  He  hoped  that  the weary sigh and then the anger
might do  something  to  counteract  the  overriding  feeling  of
foolishness  from which he was currently suffering. It didn't. He
jumped to his feet.
"Can you imagine what a world would be like descended from  those
... cretins we arrived with?" he said.
"Imagine?" said Ford, rising his  eyebrows.  "We  don't  have  to
imagine. We've seen it."
"But ..." Arthur waved his arms about hopelessly.
"We've seen it," said Ford, "there's no escape."
Arthur kicked at a stone.
"Did you tell them what we've discovered?" he asked.
"Hmmmm?" said Ford, not really concentrating.
"Norway,"  said  Arthur,  "Slartibartfast's  signature   in   the
glacier. Did you tell them?"
"What's the point?" said Ford, "What would it mean to them?"
"Mean?" said Arthur, "Mean?  You  know  perfectly  well  what  it
means. It means that this planet is the Earth! It's my home! It's
where I was born!"
"Was?" said Ford.
"Alright, will be."
"Yes, in two million years' time. Why don't you tell  them  that?
Go  and  say to them, `Excuse me, I'd just like to point out that
in two million years' time I will be born just a few  miles  from
here.'  See  what  they  say. They'll chase you up a tree and set
fire to it."
Arthur absorbed this unhappily.
"Face it," said Ford, "those zeebs over there are your ancestors,
not these poor creatures here."
He went  over  to  where  the  apemen  creatures  were  rummaging
listlessly with the stone letters. He shook his head.
"Put the Scrabble away, Arthur," he  said,  "it  won't  save  the
human  race,  because this lot aren't going to be the human race.
The human race is currently sitting round a  rock  on  the  other
side of this hill making documentaries about themselves."
Arthur winced.
"There must be something we can do," he said. A terrible sense of
desolation  thrilled  through his body that he should be here, on
the Earth, the Earth which had lost its future  in  a  horrifying
arbitrary  catastrophe  and which now seemed set to lose its past
as well.
"No," said Ford, "there's nothing we can do. This doesn't  change
the  history  of  the  Earth, you see, this is the history of the
Earth. Like it or leave it, the Golgafrinchans are the people you
are  descended  from.  in two million years they get destroyed by
the Vogons. History is  never  altered  you  see,  it  just  fits
together like a jigsaw. Funny old thing, life, isn't it?"
He picked up the letter Q and hurled it into a distant pivet bush
where it hit a young rabbit. The rabbit hurtled off in terror and
didn't stop till it was set upon and eaten by a fox which  choked
on  one  of  its  bones  and  died  on the bank of a stream which
subsequently washed it away.
During the following weeks Ford Prefect swallowed his  pride  and
struck  up  a  relationship  with a girl who had been a personnel
officer on Golgafrincham, and he  was  terribly  upset  when  she
suddenly  passed  away  as a result of drinking water from a pool
that had been polluted by the body of a dead fox. The only  moral
it  is  possible to draw from this story is that one should never
throw the letter Q into a pivet bush, but unfortunately there are
times when it is unavoidable.
Like most of the really crucial things in  life,  this  chain  of
events  was completely invisible to Ford Prefect and Arthur Dent.
They were looking sadly at one of the  natives  morosely  pushing
the other letters around.
"Poor bloody caveman," said Arthur.
"They're not ..."
"What?"
"Oh never mind."
The wretched creature let out a pathetic howling noise and banged
on the rock.
"It's all been a bit of waste of time for them, hasn't it?"  said
Arthur.
"Uh uh urghhhhh," muttered the native  and  banged  on  the  rock
again.
"They've been outevolved by telephone sanitizers."
"Urgh, gr gr, gruh!" insisted the native, continuing to  bang  on
the rock.
"Why does he keep banging on the rock?" said Arthur.
"I think he probably wants you to Scrabble with him again,"  said
Ford, "he's pointing at the letters."
"Probably spelt crzjgrdwldiwdc again, poor  bastard.  I  keep  on
telling him there's only one g in crzjgrdwldiwdc."
The native banged on the rock again.
They looked over his shoulder.
Their eyes popped.
There amongst the jumble of letters were eight that had been laid
out in a clear straight line.
They spelt two words.
The words were these:
"Forty-Two."
"Grrrurgh guh guh," explained the native. He  swept  the  letters
angrily  away  and  went and mooched under a nearby tree with his
colleague.
Ford and Arthur stared at him. Then they stared at each other.
"Did that say what I thought it said?" they  both  said  to  each
other.
"Yes," they both said.
"Forty-two," said Arthur.
"Forty-two," said Ford.
Arthur ran over to the two natives.
"What are you trying to tell us?" he shouted. "What's it supposed
to mean?"
One of them rolled over on the ground, kicked his legs up in  the
air, rolled over again and went to sleep.
The other bounded up the tree and threw horse chestnuts  at  Ford
Prefect.  Whatever  it was they had to say, they had already said
"You know what this means," said Ford.
"Not entirely."
"Forty-two is the number Deep Thought gave as being the  Ultimate
Answer."
"Yes."
And the Earth is the computer Deep Thought designed and built  to
calculate the Question to the Ultimate Answer."
"So we are led to believe."
"And organic life was part of the computer matrix."
"If you say so."
"I do say so. That means that these natives, these apemen are  an
integral  part  of  the  computer  program,  and  that we and the
Golgafrinchans are not."
"But the  cavemen  are  dying  out  and  the  Golgafrinchans  are
obviously set to replace them."
"Exactly. So do you see what this means?"
"What?"
"Cock up," said Ford Prefect.
Arthur looked around him.
"This planet is having a pretty bloody time of it," he said.
Ford puzzled for a moment.
"Still, something must have come out of it,"  he  said  at  last,
"because  Marvin  said  he could see the Question printed in your
brain wave patterns."
"But ..."
"Probably the wrong one, or a distortion of  the  right  one.  It
might  give us a clue though if we could find it. I don't see how
we can though."
They moped about for a bit. Arthur sat on the ground and  started
pulling  up bits of grass, but found that it wasn't an occupation
he could get deeply  engrossed  in.  It  wasn't  grass  he  could
believe  in, the trees seemed pointless, the rolling hills seemed
to be rolling to nowhere and the future seemed just a  tunnel  to
be crawled through.
Ford fiddled with his Sub-Etha Sens-O-Matic. It  was  silent.  He
sighed and put it away.
Arthur picked up one of the  letter  stones  from  his  home-made
Scrabble  set.  It  was a T. He sighed and out it down again. The
letter he put down next to it was an I. That spelt IT. He  tossed
another couple of letters next to them They were an S and an H as
it  happened.  By  a  curious  coincidence  the  resulting   word
perfectly  expressed the way Arthur was feeling about things just
then.  He  stared  at  it  for  a  moment.  He  hadn't  done   it
deliberately,  it  was just a random chance. His brain got slowly
into first gear.
"Ford," he said suddenly, "look, if that Question is  printed  in
my  brain  wave  patterns  but I'm not consciously aware of it it
must be somewhere in my unconscious."
"Yes, I suppose so."
"There might be  a  way  of  bringing  that  unconscious  pattern
forward."
"Oh yes?"
"Yes, by introducing some random element that can  be  shaped  by
that pattern."
"Like how?"
"Like by pulling Scrabble letters out of a bag blindfolded."
Ford leapt to his feet.
"Brilliant!" he said. He tugged his towel out of his satchel  and
with a few deft knots transformed it into a bag.
"Totally mad," he said, "utter nonsense. But we'll do it  because
it's brilliant nonsense. Come on, come on."
The sun passed respectfully behind  a  cloud.  A  few  small  sad
raindrops fell.
They piled together all the remaining letters  and  dropped  them
into the bag. They shook them up.
"Right," said Ford, "close your eyes. Pull them out. Come on come
on, come on."
Arthur closed his eyes and plunged his hand into the towelful  of
stones. He jiggled them about, pulled out four and handed them to
Ford. Ford laid them along the ground in the order he got them.
"W," said Ford, "H, A, T ... What!"
He blinked.
"I think it's working!" he said.
Arthur pushed three more at him.
"D, O, Y ... Doy. Oh perhaps it isn't working," said Ford.
"Here's the next three."
"O, U, G ... Doyoug ... It's not making sense I'm afraid."
Arthur pulled another two from the bag. Ford put them in place.
"E, T, doyouget ... Do you get!" shouted Ford,  "it  is  working!
This is amazing, it really is working!"
"More here." Arthur was throwing them out feverishly as  fast  as
he could go.
"I, F," said Ford, "Y, O, U, ... M, U, L, T, I, P, L, Y, ... What
do  you  get if you multiply, ... S, I, X, ... six, B, Y, by, six
by ... what do you get if you multiply six by ... N, I, N, E, ...
six by nine ..." He paused. "Come on, where's the next one?"
"Er, that's the lot," said Arthur, "that's all there were."
He sat back, nonplussed.
He rooted around again in the knotted up towel but there were  no
more letters.
"You mean that's it?" said Ford.
"That's it."
"Six by nine. Forty-two."
"That's it. That's all there is."
=================================================================
Chapter 34
The sun came out and beamed cheerfully at them. A  bird  sang.  A
warm  breeze wafted through the trees and lifted the heads of the
flowers, carrying their scent away through the woods.  An  insect
droned  past  on  its way to do whatever it is that insects do in
the late afternoon. The sound of voices lilted through the  trees
followed  a  moment later by two girls who stopped in surprise at
the sight of Ford Prefect and Arthur Dent apparently lying on the
ground in agony, but in fact rocking with noiseless laughter.
"No, don't go," called Ford Prefect between gasps, "we'll be with
you in a moment."
"What's the matter?" asked one of the girls. She was  the  taller
and  slimmer  of  the two. On Golgafrincham she had been a junior
personnel officer, but hadn't liked it much.
Ford pulled himself together.
"Excuse  me,"  he  said,  "hello.  My  friend  and  I  were  just
contemplating the meaning of life. Frivolous exercise."
"Oh it's you," said the girl, "you made a bit of a  spectacle  of
yourself  this  afternoon. You were quite funny to begin with but
you did bang on a bit."
"Did I? Oh yes."
"Yes, what was all that for?" asked the  other  girl,  a  shorter
round-faced  girl  who  had  been  an  art  director  for a small
advertising company on Golgafrincham. Whatever the privations  of
this  world  were,  she  went  to  sleep  every  night profoundly
grateful for the fact that  whatever  she  had  to  face  in  the
morning  it wouldn't be a hundred almost identical photographs of
moodily lit tubes of toothpaste.
"For? For nothing. Nothing's for  anything,"  said  Ford  Prefect
happily.  "Come  and  join  us. I"m Ford, this is Arthur. We were
just about to do nothing at all for a while but it can wait."
The girls looked at them doubtfully.
"I'm Agda," said the tall one, "this is Mella."
"Hello Agda, hello Mella," said Ford.
"Do you talk at all?" said Mella to Arthur.
"Oh, eventually," said Arthur with a smile, "but not as  much  as
Ford."
"Good."
There was a slight pause.
"What did you mean," asked Agda, "about only having  two  million
years? I couldn't make sense of what you were saying."
"Oh that," said Ford, "it doesn't matter."
"It's just that the world gets  demolished  to  make  way  for  a
hyperspace  bypass,"  said  Arthur  with a shrug, "but that's two
million years away, and anyway it's just Vogons doing what Vogons
do."
"Vogons?" said Mella.
"Yes, you wouldn't know them."
"Where'd you get this idea from?"
"It really doesn't matter. It's just like a dream from the  past,
or the future." Arthur smiled and looked away.
"Does it worry you that you don't talk any kind of sense?"  asked
Agda.
"Listen, forget it,"  said  Ford,  "forget  all  of  it.  Nothing
matters. Look, it's a beautiful day, enjoy it. The sun, the green
of the hills, the river down in the valley, the burning trees."
"Even if it's only a dream, it's a pretty  horrible  idea,"  said
Mella, "destroying a world just to make a bypass."
"Oh, I've heard of worse," said Ford, "I read of one  planet  off
in  the  seventh  dimension  that got used as a ball in a game of
intergalactic bar billiards. Got potted  straight  into  a  black
hole. Killed ten billion people."
"That's mad," said Mella.
"Yes, only scored thirty points too."
Agda and Mella exchanged glances.
"Look," said Agda, "there's a party after the  committee  meeting
tonight. You can come along if you like."
"Yeah, OK," said Ford.
"I'd like to," said Arthur.
Many hours later Arthur and Mella sat and watched the  moon  rise
over the dull red glow of the trees.
"That story about the world being destroyed ..." began Mella.
"In two million years, yes."
"You say it as if you really think it's true."
"Yes, I think it is. I think I was there."
She shook her head in puzzlement.
"You're very strange," she said.
"No, I'm very ordinary," said  Arthur,  "but  some  very  strange
things  have happened to me. You could say I'm more differed from
than differing."
"And that other world your friend talked about, the one that  got
pushed into a black hole."
"Ah, that I don't know about. It sounds like something  from  the
book."
"What book?"
Arthur paused.
"The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy," he said at last.
"What's that?"
"Oh, just something I threw into the river this evening. I  don't
think I'll be wanting it any more," said Arthur Dent.
			 Douglas Adams
	       Life, the Universe, and Everything
=================================================================
Douglas Adams   The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Douglas Adams   The Restaurant at the End of the Universe
Douglas Adams   Life, the Universe, and Everything
Douglas Adams   So long, and thanks for all the fish
=================================================================
Life, the universe and everything
for Sally
=================================================================
Chapter 1
The regular early morning yell of horror was the sound of  Arthur
Dent waking up and suddenly remembering where he was.
It wasn't just that the cave was cold, it wasn't just that it was
damp  and smelly. It was the fact that the cave was in the middle
of Islington and there wasn't a bus due for two million years.
Time is the worst place, so to speak, to get lost in,  as  Arthur
Dent  could  testify,  having  been lost in both time and space a
good deal. At least being lost in space kept you busy.
He was stranded in prehistoric Earth as the result of  a  complex
sequence of events which had involved him being alternately blown
up and insulted in more bizarre regions of  the  Galaxy  than  he
ever  dreamt  existed,  and  though his life had now turned very,
very, very quiet, he was still feeling jumpy.
He hadn't been blown up now for five years.
Since he had hardly seen anyone since he  and  Ford  Prefect  had
parted  company four years previously, he hadn't been insulted in
all that time either.
Except just once.
It had happened on a spring evening about two years previously.
He was returning to his cave just a little  after  dusk  when  he
became  aware  of  lights  flashing eerily through the clouds. He
turned and stared, with  hope  suddenly  clambering  through  his
heart. Rescue. Escape. The castaway's impossible dream - a ship.
And as he watched, as he stared in wonder and excitement, a  long
silver  ship  descended  through  the  warm evening air, quietly,
without fuss, its long legs  unlocking  in  a  smooth  ballet  of
technology.
It alighted gently on the ground, and  what  little  hum  it  had
generated died away, as if lulled by the evening calm.
A ramp extended itself.
Light streamed out.
A tall figure appeared silhouetted in  the  hatchway.  It  walked
down the ramp and stood in front of Arthur.
"You're a jerk, Dent," it said simply.
It was alien, very alien. It had a  peculiar  alien  tallness,  a
peculiar alien flattened head, peculiar slitty little alien eyes,
extravagantly draped golden ropes with a peculiarly alien  collar
design,  and  pale  grey-green alien skin which had about it that
lustrous shine which most grey-green faces can only acquire  with
plenty of exercise and very expensive soap.
Arthur boggled at it.
It gazed levelly at him.
Arthur's first sensations of hope and trepidation  had  instantly
been  overwhelmed by astonishment, and all sorts of thoughts were
battling for the use of his vocal chords at this moment.
"Whh ...?" he said.
"Bu ... hu ... uh ..." he added.
"Ru ... ra ... wah ... who?" he managed finally to say and lapsed
into  a  frantic  kind  of silence. He was feeling the effects of
having not said anything to anybody  for  as  long  as  he  could
remember.
The alien creature frowned briefly and consulted what appeared to
be some species of clipboard which he was holding in his thin and
spindly alien hand.
"Arthur Dent?" it said.
Arthur nodded helplessly.
"Arthur Philip Dent?" pursued the alien in a  kind  of  efficient
yap.
"Er ... er ... yes ... er ... er," confirmed Arthur.
"You're a jerk," repeated the alien, "a complete asshole."
"Er ..."
The creature nodded to itself, made a peculiar alien tick on  its
clipboard and turned briskly back towards the ship.
"Er ..." said Arthur desperately, "er ..."
"Don't give me that!" snapped the alien. It marched up the  ramp,
through  the  hatchway  and  disappeared  into the ship. The ship
sealed itself. It started to make a low throbbing hum.
"Er, hey!" shouted Arthur, and started to run helplessly  towards
"Wait a minute!" he called. "What is this? What? Wait a minute!"
The ship rose, as if shedding its weight  like  a  cloak  to  the
ground,  and  hovered  briefly.  It  swept  strangely up into the
evening sky. It passed up through the clouds,  illuminating  them
briefly,  and then was gone, leaving Arthur alone in an immensity
of land dancing a helplessly tiny little dance.
"What?" he screamed. "What? What? Hey, what? Come back  here  and
say that!"
He jumped and danced until his legs trembled,  and  shouted  till
his  lungs  rasped. There was no answer from anyone. There was no
one to hear him or speak to him.
The alien ship was already thundering towards the  upper  reaches
of  the  atmosphere, on its way out into the appalling void which
separates the very few things there are in the Universe from each
other.
Its occupant, the alien with  the  expensive  complexion,  leaned
back  in  its  single seat. His name was Wowbagger the Infinitely
Prolonged. He was a man with a purpose. Not a very good  purpose,
as  he  would have been the first to admit, but it was at least a
purpose and it did at least keep him on the move.
Wowbagger the Infinitely Prolonged was --indeed, is - one of  the
Universe's very small number of immortal beings.
Those who are born immortal instinctively know how to  cope  with
it, but Wowbagger was not one of them. Indeed he had come to hate
them, the load of serene bastards. He  had  had  his  immortality
thrust  upon  him  by  an unfortunate accident with an irrational
particle accelerator, a liquid lunch and a pair of rubber  bands.
The  precise details of the accident are not important because no
one has ever managed to duplicate the exact  circumstances  under
which  it  happened,  and  many people have ended up looking very
silly, or dead, or both, trying.
Wowbagger closed his eyes in a grim  and  weary  expression,  put
some light jazz on the ship's stereo, and reflected that he could
have made it if it hadn't been for Sunday afternoons,  he  really
could have done.
To begin with it was fun, he  had  a  ball,  living  dangerously,
taking  risks,  cleaning  up on high-yield long-term investments,
and just generally outliving the hell out of everybody.
In the end, it was the Sunday afternoons he couldn't  cope  with,
and  that  terrible  listlessness which starts to set in at about
2.55, when you know  that  you've  had  all  the  baths  you  can
usefully  have that day, that however hard you stare at any given
paragraph in the papers you will never actually read it,  or  use
the revolutionary new pruning technique it describes, and that as
you stare at the clock the hands will  move  relentlessly  on  to
four  o'clock,  and  you  will enter the long dark teatime of the
soul.
So things began to pall for him. The merry smiles he used to wear
at other people's funerals began to fade. He began to despise the
Universe in general, and everyone in it in particular.
This was the point at which he conceived his purpose,  the  thing
which  would  drive  him  on,  and which, as far as he could see,
would drive him on forever. It was this.
He would insult the Universe.
That  is,  he  would  insult  everybody  in   it.   Individually,
personally, one by one, and (this was the thing he really decided
to grit his teeth over) in alphabetical order.
When people protested to him, as they sometimes  had  done,  that
the plan was not merely misguided but actually impossible because
of the number of people being born and dying  all  the  time,  he
would  merely  fix  them  with  a steely look and say, "A man can
dream can't he?"
And so he started out. He equipped a spaceship that was built  to
last   with  the  computer  capable  of  handling  all  the  data
processing involved in keeping track of the entire population  of
the  known  Universe and working out the horrifically complicated
routes involved.
His ship fled through the inner orbits of the  Sol  star  system,
preparing  to  slingshot  round the sun and fling itself out into
interstellar space.
"Computer," he said.
"Here," yipped the computer.
"Where next?"
"Computing that."
Wowbagger gazed for a moment at the fantastic  jewellery  of  the
night,  the  billions  of  tiny  diamond  worlds  that dusted the
infinite darkness with light. Every one, every single one, was on
his  itinerary.  Most  of  them  he would be going to millions of
times over.
He imagined for a moment his itinerary connecting up all the dots
in  the  sky  like  a child's numbered dots puzzle. He hoped that
from some vantage point in the Universe it might be seen to spell
a very, very rude word.
The computer beeped tunelessly to indicate that it  had  finished
its calculations.
"Folfanga," it said. It beeped.
"Fourth world of the Folfanga system," it  continued.  It  beeped
again.
"Estimated journey time, three weeks," it continued  further.  It
beeped again.
"There to meet with a small slug," it beeped, "of  the  genus  A-
Rth-Urp-Hil-Ipdenu."
"I believe," it added, after  a  slight  pause  during  which  it
beeped, "that you had decided to call it a brainless prat."
Wowbagger grunted. He watched the majesty of creation outside his
window for a moment or two.
"I think I'll take a nap," he said, and then added, "what network
areas are we going to be passing through in the next few hours?"
The computer beeped.
"Cosmovid, Thinkpix and Home Brain Box," it said, and beeped.
"Any movies I haven't seen thirty thousand times already?"
"No."
"Uh."
"There's Angst in  Space.  You've  only  seen  that  thirty-three
thousand five hundred and seventeen times."
"Wake me for the second reel."
The computer beeped.
"Sleep well," it said.
The ship fled on through the night.
Meanwhile, on Earth, it began to pour with rain and  Arthur  Dent
sat  in his cave and had one of the most truly rotten evenings of
his entire life, thinking of things he could  have  said  to  the
alien and swatting flies, who also had a rotten evening.
The next day he made himself a pouch out of rabbit  skin  because
he thought it would be useful to keep things in.
=================================================================
Chapter 2
This morning, two years later than that, was sweet  and  fragrant
as  he  emerged from the cave he called home until he could think
of a better name for it or find a better cave.
Though his throat was sore again from his early morning  yell  of
horror,  he  was suddenly in a terrifically good mood. He wrapped
his dilapidated dressing gown tightly around him  and  beamed  at
the bright morning.
The air was clear and scented, the breeze flitted lightly through
the tall grass around his cave, the birds were chirruping at each
other, the butterflies were  flitting  about  prettily,  and  the
whole  of  nature seemed to be conspiring to be as pleasant as it
possibly could.
It wasn't all the pastoral delights that were making Arthur  feel
so  cheery, though. He had just had a wonderful idea about how to
cope with the terrible  lonely  isolation,  the  nightmares,  the
failure  of  all  his  attempts  at  horticulture,  and the sheer
futurelessness and futility  of  his  life  here  on  prehistoric
Earth, which was that he would go mad.
He beamed again and took a bite out of a  rabbit  leg  left  over
from  his  supper.  He  chewed happily for a few moments and then
decided formally to announce his decision.
He stood up straight and looked the world squarely in the  fields
and hills. To add weight to his words he stuck the rabbit bone in
his hair. He spread his arms out wide.
"I will go mad!" he announced.
"Good idea," said Ford Prefect, clambering down from the rock  on
which he had been sitting.
Arthur's brain somersaulted. His jaw did press-ups.
"I went mad for a while," said Ford, "did me no end of good."
"You see," said Ford, "- ..."
"Where have you been?" interrupted Arthur, now that his head  had
finished working out.
"Around," said Ford, "around and about." He grinned  in  what  he
accurately  judged  to  be an infuriating manner. "I just took my
mind off the hook for a bit. I reckoned that if the world  wanted
me badly enough it would call back. It did."
 He took out of his now terribly battered and dilapidated satchel
his Sub-Etha Sens-O-Matic.
"At least," he said, "I think it did. This has been playing up  a
bit."  He  shook it. "If it was a false alarm I shall go mad," he
said, "again."
Arthur shook his head and sat down. He looked up.
"I thought you must be dead ..." he said simply.
"So did I for a while," said Ford, "and then I decided  I  was  a
lemon  for  a couple of weeks. A kept myself amused all that time
jumping in and out of a gin and tonic."
Arthur cleared his throat, and then did it again.
"Where," he said, "did you ...?"
"Find a gin and tonic?" said Ford brightly. "I found a small lake
that  thought  it  was  a gin and tonic, and jumped in and out of
that. At least, I think it thought it was a gin and tonic."
"I may," he added with a grin which  would  have  sent  sane  men
scampering into trees, "have been imagining it."
He waited for a reaction from Arthur, but Arthur knew better than
that.
"Carry on," he said levelly.
"The point is, you see," said Ford, "that there is  no  point  in
driving yourself mad trying to stop yourself going mad. You might
just as well give in and save your sanity for later."
"And this is you sane again, is it?" said Arthur. "I  ask  merely
for information."
"I went to Africa," said Ford.
"Yes?"
"Yes."
"What was that like?"
"And this is your cave is it?" said Ford.
"Er, yes," said Arthur. He felt very strange. After  nearly  four
years  of  total  isolation he was so pleased and relieved to see
Ford that he could almost cry. Ford was, on the  other  hand,  an
almost immediately annoying person.
"Very nice," said Ford, in reference to Arthur's cave. "You  must
hate it."
Arthur didn't bother to reply.
"Africa was very interesting," said Ford, "I behaved  very  oddly
there."
He gazed thoughtfully into the distance.
"I took up being cruel to animals," he said airily.  "But  only,"
he added, "as a hobby."
"Oh yes," said Arthur, warily.
"Yes," Ford assured him. "I won't disturb you  with  the  details
because they would -"
"What?"
"Disturb you. But you  may  be  interested  to  know  that  I  am
singlehandedly  responsible  for  the evolved shape of the animal
you came to know in later centuries as a giraffe. And I tried  to
learn to fly. Do you believe me?"
"Tell me," said Arthur.
"I'll tell you later. I'll just mention that the Guide says ..."
"The ...?"
"Guide. The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy. You remember?"
"Yes. I remember throwing it in the river."
"Yes," said Ford, "but I fished it out."
"You didn't tell me."
"I didn't want you to throw it in again."
