individual. She also said that her original patterns of 
energy would never disappear, perhaps even increasing in 
strength as more and more receptives were transformed."
"How many of you are on the mountain now?" asked the 
cyclist.
"Twelve," came the reply.
"And I suppose these disciples of April June will 
continue to increase in number?" the cyclist said, rocking 
noiselessly back and forth on his chair, both his feet now 
poking through the opening under the shadows of the oak 
table.
"Yes, the time is now good for more changes," admitted 
the ranger, still gazing into the blackness on the other 
side of the four-paned window. "And April June says that 
distance can't diminish the intensity and strength of her 
original energy waves. They're everywhere powerful at 
the same time."
"Everywhere powerful at the same time," repeated the 
mountain biker, quietly concentrating on pushing his 
knees through the hole under the table. "I suppose these 
energy waves could affect people in Crested Butte and 
Slick Rock the same as here?" His waist slid through the 
opening just as his feet touched the dry soil under Sky 
Oaks Ranger Station.
"Yes," intoned the RADAR Ranger in a slow drawl. "But 
now that you know so much, I think there's one last thing 
you and I should discuss." And he turned around to face 
the empty oak table, the chair behind pushed back against 
the rough plank wall. Without changing his expression, 
the RADAR Ranger spun around on the heel of his boot 
to face the window. The sound of rock crunching under 
two fat tires led his gaze to a mountain bike stealing into 
the darkness along a single track in front of the station.
"Riding on watershed lands after sunset is against the 
law," he said to his reflection in the window, and he 
headed for the door, feeling for the black, leather-bound 
citation book in his jacket pocket.
Epilog
"He got away from you last night?" April June's voice 
was hard and cold.
"Yes," murmured Gordon. "I thought I had him down by 
Bull Frog, but he must have doubled back on me and left 
the watershed through the Meadow Club."
"And the speeding ticket down Rocky Ridge, what about 
that?" growled the mother of all RADAR Rangers. "Why 
didn't you give him his citation?"
"I'm sorry, April June, I just got carried away. He's one of 
the last, you know, and when he asked to hear about the 
life of a RADAR Ranger up there on the ridge, I was I 
well I I was taken aback, kind of flattered actually. So 
instead of writing out the ticket there and then, I threw 
his bike in the back of the truck and brought him down to 
the station. I just forgot it in the telling of the tale." 
Gordon dared not look at the angry head ranger sitting in 
the passenger seat next to him, didn't have to look to 
know that she was drilling, probing, into his skull with 
her steel-cold eyes.
"Your head still isn't straight, Gordon," she let out in an 
evenly modulated voice, one that Gordon knew was 
barely under control. "Emotions, Gordon, emotions! You 
still haven't got them under control. A man of higher 
action has to control his emotions for the public good. 
How many years has it been since you've worn that tattoo 
on your chest?"
Gordon knew how many yearsQcould still feel the prick 
of the artist's needle on his skin as if it were yesterdayQ
but he kept his silence, knowing full well that April June 
didn't need him to tell her. His chin settled pensively onto 
his decorated chest, then was suddenly snapped up and 
backward as Daryl downshifted into second to make the 
next steep ascent up Eldridge fire road. These modified, 
Delux 30 Chevrolet pickups really packed a wallop he 
thought: Venola forged blower pistons, Crower rods, 
magnefluxed crankshaft, Paxton centrifugal supercharger 
forced induction system I A legacy of Fritz.
Eldridge
"Do you think he's the same one who's been decorating 
the trees at the Rocky Ridge/Rock Springs intersection?" 
Gordon heard April June ask over the roar of the pickup's 
high-performance engine.
For the past fifteen years, someone had been hanging 
Christmas ornaments on a little pine tree that stood at the 
roads' intersection. Colorful, dangling bulbs, silver tinsel, 
strings of glittery beads, hand-carved figures from the 
nativity, even a delicate star perched at the spindly top. 
Decorating trees on the watershed during the holidays, of 
course, was against the law (unnatural, too, according to 
April June) and the rangers had attempted to catch this 
yuletide desecrator of the watershed. Despite careful 
watches, no one was apprehended in the act. In fact, 
during one changing of the guard, the perpetrator 
managed to string glowing, colored lights around the 
little tree, the lights powered through a converter that was 
running off two 12-volt car batteries wired in parallel. 
The skills of this individual wereQApril June fumed 
when she admitted itQon par with those of the 
mountain's RADAR Rangers.
"I don't know," conceded Gordon, wishing she had asked 
Daryl so that he would have been the one to confess 
failure. But she hadn't and Gordon was feeling the onus 
of her anger as the pickup hungrily devoured the hills on 
its way up to Ridgecrest, the paved road that wound 
around East Peak, ran past where the Mountain Theatre 
used to sit (closed years before because of high levels of 
asbestos in the topsoil), and then tumbled along the 
north/south ridge that overlooked Stinson Beach on the 
Pacific Ocean. "But there's only about fifty of the bikers 
who still ride the mountain," he said in an effort to 
change the unfavorable tenor of the conversation. "We'll 
catch himQor themQsoon enough. We've been 
successful in bringing down the other law breakers, we'll 
get them, too. Why, only a few years ago, thousands used 
to ride up here. Look at it now."
Gordon's logic brought a small smile to April June's thin 
lips and she nodded agreement. Before he could continue 
elaborating their successes, the pickup's radio crackled to 
life. "April June," the voice of Willy came through the 
under-the-dash mounted speakers. "A lookout on East 
Peak just reported seeing a mountain biker go up the 
Northside trail off Upper Eldridge. What do you want us 
to do?"
April June snatched the radio's microphone from its clip 
and asked, "Where are you now?"
"On Lagunitas, near Rock Springs," came the answer.
"Drive up to Potrero Picnic area and block that exit," she 
shouted in an uncharacteristically high-pitched, excited 
voice. "Call in another vehicle and have them block the 
lower exit just below Lagoon Road. It's too late for the 
three of us here to catch him at Upper Eldridge, but we 
should be able to block any retreat he attempts by hiking 
down Miller to Northside and waiting there. Call us if 
you hear anything new." She hurriedly recradled the 
microphone on the dash, and, at her signal, Daryl opened 
the pickup's nitrous oxide line into the fuel injectors and 
the three rangers raced toward Miller at RADAR Ranger 
speed.
Miller
Gordon braced himself for the rugged ride over the rocks 
and ruts of Upper Eldridge. Driving at this speed was 
manageable on paved roads, but on the rough surfaces of 
fire roads like Eldridge, even his stoic RADAR Ranger 
nature suffered the jarring bumps and jolts with 
discomfort. The seat belt straining over his lap and across 
his chest, he was momentarily envious of Willy, that 
ranger's partner, and their new companion riding up the 
friendlier and smoother incline of Rock Springs. Willy 
had regained his RADAR Ranger normalcy with the 
return and restoration to health of his original partner I 
the former two-dimensional, celluloid RADAR Ranger of 
the Sonoma coast. The two were model rangers and April 
June had assigned the new recruit, riding with them 
today, for indoctrination. The change had proceeded so 
smoothly that the new female recruit was scheduled for a 
tattooing session in Forest Knolls weeks earlier than any 
of the rangers who had come before her. Gordon secretly 
hoped that he would be the one to catch the single-
tracking mountain biker and regain some of his RADAR 
Ranger credibility.
With the continuous influx of nitrous oxide spinning the 
truck's four-wheel drive tires, the three RADAR Rangers 
arrived at Miller Trail within minutes of having heard 
Willy's call, but not before the lone mountain biker had 
crossed the intersection of that trail with Northside. Two-
thirds of a breakneck hike down Miller toward the 
junction, the walkie-talkie hanging on Daryl's leather belt 
signaled an incoming call. April June, breathing more 
normally than the other two, yanked the radio from 
Daryl's hands as he brought it up to his mouth to answer, 
and said in a steady voice, "April June here. What do you 
have to report?"
"We saw him at the picnic area not less than one minute 
ago, but he saw us first and doubled back," Willy's voice 
squawked over the radio's circuits.
A big, RADAR Ranger grin spread quickly over April 
June's face. "We've got him now!" she said to both sets of 
rangers, the three at the other end of the radio link and 
the two puffing noisely beside her. She handed the 
walkie-talkie back to Daryl, then sped down the trail 
toward Northside, the two rangers falling behind her 
lengthening strides.
Northside
"No one's been back this way on a mountain bike," she 
announced a minute later, looking closely at the square of 
dirt where the two single tracks boldly crossed. "He's got 
to be between us and Rock Springs." Before the speed of 
her legs could match the intensely determined look on 
her face, April June stood straight up and threw both 
arms out at shoulder height, a barrier to the two men 
behind her. The startled rangers were about to speak, but 
she motioned them to silence and pointed to a movement 
of color among the trees 75 yards ahead. The three 
RADAR Rangers moved quickly, but quietly, along the 
trail to the site, then stood looking down at a splash of 
green on the hillside below the trail. To normal eyes, the 
spot was just another green smudge of vegetation. But the 
six eyes scrutinizing it now weren't normal eyes.
"It's a Stealth Mt. Bike Cover (TM)!" Gordon vocalized, 
hoping that April June would credit him with a greater 
share of the capture because he had said it first.
The mother of all RADAR Rangers ignored his 
comment. Instead, she shouted at the finely meshed 
camouflage cover, "Nice try, but we see you. Come up 
now." Expecting the cover to balloon out into the shape 
of a human figure, April June unleashed her frustration 
when it remained motionless. "All right. I'm not playing 
any more games with you," she screamed. "One of my 
rangers is coming down and you better come up without 
any trouble. If you give us any kind of hassle, I'll see that 
your fine is doubled."
"Whooaaa!" thought Gordon. "A thousand dollars. He'll 
be up in no time." But when he didn't come, April June 
motioned Gordon down the embankment to bring up the 
law breaker. Gordon, his heart beating to the tune of 
'Onward Christian Soldiers,' slid down the hill to unmask 
the mountain biker and earn himself new respect in the 
eyes of April June and his fellow rangers. Grasping one 
frayed corner of the green army net with two trembling 
hands, he plucked the light weight web from the ground.
Watershed
When the flurry of leaves that had been scattered on top 
of the mesh settled to the damp earth, Gordon gasped and 
let the Stealth Mt. Bike Cover (TM) fall from his hands. 
At his feet lay a lifeless arrangement of dry-rotted 
branches, a rock the size of a helmeted mountain biker 
head placed at one end. Above the jumbled form, a howl 
of rage split apart the cold morning air. Lacking both the 
courage and desire to look up, Gordon listlessly climbed 
the slippery yards separating him from the trail edge. 
April June had already pulled out her new prescription 
and was pouring a draught of it into the jigger-sized 
plastic cap that topped the bottle. Damitol (TM), Proctor 
& Johnson's newest miracle drug for the hypertense, 
brought April June the fastest and longest lasting relief. 
Gordon was happy to see her put away two capfuls, twice 
her normal dosage.
The reddish brown liquid safely back in her coat pocket, 
April June used Daryl's walkie-talkie to call the two 
teams of RADAR Rangers on Rock Springs. After a long 
conversation with both parties, the mother of all RADAR 
Rangers leaned dejectedly against a madrone whose 
gnarled roots pushed up through the trail at her feet. 
Shrouds of water vapor condensed in front of her face, 
and she pawed at the roots with her boots like an 
exhausted bull.
"Whenever he gets away, our chances of bringing him 
down the next time only increase," asserted Gordon, 
knowing that if he didn't change this defeat into a victory, 
the wrath of April June would be his alone. "Besides, 
Willy brought down a speeding equestrian and the others 
cited a hiker on the fire road while we were waiting 
here." Gordon knew that these little successes would 
brighten April June's spirits. She had long believed that 
horseback riding on the watershed was unnatural I "I've 
never seen a squirrel or a deer riding a horse in the 
watershed, have you? she was fond of saying and had 
subjected horses to the same 5 mph posted speed limit 
reserved for mountain bikers. Hikers, of course, had long 
been banned from protection roads, ever since Fritz had 
complained that they got in the way of his high-powered 
pickups.
"Yes, you're right," agreed April June. "We will get him 
next time. All those two-wheeled bandits will be gone 
soon. And the number of law breaking hikers and 
equestrians has been declining, too. No, I shouldn't get 
upset like this, Gordon. Before long, we'll have the finest 
public, recreational watershed on the west coast."
Submitted by John Boeschen <boeschen@crl.com>
			Rain Dance
	Rain pounded on the cockpit glass as Devon moved his machine 
through the steamy marsh.  The dark water swirled around the monstrous 
machine
s legs.  The mech
 resembled an armored giant slogging through a 
waist-high swamp.  It blended well with its surroundings, its armor painted 
grayish-green with brown smudges rounding out the camouflage scheme.  
The dark shadows of the swamp swallowed the huge war machine under a 
canopy of trees.  The only thing easily discernible in the darkness was the 
crest of Hansen
s Roughriders, emblazoned on the mech
s shoulder.  The 
horned skull of the Roughriders represented honor and professionalism 
throughout the inner sphere.  That wouldn
t help Devon out here while he 
faced the Clans.
	He slowed his mech
 as the magscan registered a reading at 
extreme range.  There weren
t supposed to be any enemy mechs out this 
far.  Maybe it was just an ore deposit or a civilian vehicle.  Devon hoped 
so.  If the Ghost Bear
s had already deployed, the Roughriders were in for 
a costly battle.  Devon resisted the urge to thumb his communications link.  
His lance commander had been very specific with regards to radio silence.  
They did not want to alert the Clans to their presence before it was 
necessary.  If the Roughriders could position their mechs between the 
Ghost Bears and the Kurita command post, they would be the hosts of the 
surprise party.  They might even be able to hold Soverzene.  It was a 
backwater planet but was strategic for the Ghost Bear
s continued 
advance.
	Ever since the Clans
 invasion of the Inner Sphere, trained 
mechwarriors had become a valuable commodity.  Mercenary companies, 
like Hansen
s Roughriders, were never at a loss for lucrative contracts.  
However, the money didn
t come without risks.  Many of Devon
s friends 
in other companies had died at the hands of the Clans in the early days of 
the invasion.  Devon had been somewhat luckier in that respect.  His 
Enforcer, named Bushwacker, had kept him safe in several battles with the 
Ghost Bears and he didn
t plan on letting that change.  Only recently had 
the Houses launched successful campaigns against the Clans.  The battle 
for Luthien had bolstered the morale of the Inner Sphere
s defenders.  
	The magscan
s readings had not changed since the initial contact.  
Devon angled his mech
 toward the suspect reading, advancing onto more 
solid ground.  As he cleared a patch of mangrove trees Devon stopped and 
rechecked his magscan readings.  According to the scanner he was only a 
few hundred meters from the contact, but he didn
t see anything out of the 
ordinary.  No, there was something out there.  He could make out the 
outline of some sort of vehicle hidden just past the tree line.
	"Magnification times 10," Devon ordered the mech
s sensors to 
zoom in on the vehicle.  Relief washed over him as he recognized the 
rusted remains of a civilian hover truck.  Devon
s relief quickly turned cold 
as he caught the blur of motion behind the truck.  Deep in the shadows of a 
tree, Devon could make out the shape of a small mech
 raising its arm to 
fire a weapon.  His HUD identified the machine as a clan Fenris.  The six-
legged insignia of the Ghost Bears was painted on the torso of the enemy 
mech
.  Although Devon
s Enforcer outweighed the Fenris by five tons, the 
clan mech
 packed a powerful punch.
	Before he could react, the clan warrior opened fire with the PPC 
located in the mech
s left arm.  Blue energy leapt out at Bushwacker and 
lanced into its shoulder joint.  In retaliation, Devon brought his autocannon 
into line with the Fenris, walking rounds toward the lurking mech
.  The 
slugs threw up mud and water, working their way toward the Fenris.  The 
clan pilot side stepped, attempting to avoid Devon
s hail of fire.  Despite 
the pilot
s desperate actions, autocannon rounds pounded his mech
s legs.  
Craters appeared where Devon
s rounds landed.  Supersonic shells 
impacted repeatedly on the Fenris
 weak leg armor, blasting it off in 
chunks.  The sound of grinding metal drowned out the echoes of the 
autocannon
s shots.  The clan mech
 staggered, its knee smashed and 
fused. Devon triggered another burst from his cannon, hoping to disable 
the Fenris before it could contact the rest of its star.  This time splinters of 
ruined ferro-fibrous armor were blow from the Fenris
 left arm by the 
autocannon
s savage assault.  Despite the damage, the Ghost Bear was able 
to bring his PPC and Laser to bear on Devon
s mech
.  Again, blue energy 
lashed out, striking the Enforcer in its already damaged shoulder, with the 
laser's ruby energy adding to the damage.  Red lights flashed inside 
Devon
s cockpit.  His mech
s most potent weapon hung loosely at his side, 
crippled by a shattered servo-motor.  Devon swore under his breath as he 
switched off the warning lights. 
	Still wary of the larger mech
s laser, the Fenris slipped behind the 
cover of a vine-covered mangrove.  Devon was having trouble picking up 
the smaller mech
 on his magscan equipment.
	"Blast," he swore.  His sensor array must have been damaged by 
flying debris during the short firefight.  Without the sensor readout, Devon 
was a sitting duck if the Fenris decided to come back.  His only chance was 
to pursue the clansman and hope he could spot him on the visual readout.  
He slowly advanced toward the trees, following the path the enemy mech
cleared.  Devon had a better than average chance of making a kill if he 
could just get close enough.  But, if the Fenris caught him out in the open, 
Devon probably wouldn
t survive.  
	Mechwarrior Gilbert swore feverishly as he watched the advancing 
blip on his screen.  The mercenary had opted to follow him into the copse 
of swamp trees.  Gilbert
s Fenris had the edge in firepower, but he couldn
afford to go toe to toe with the heavier mech
, and that blasted mercenary 
knew it.  The other mech
 could take his apart in a short range battle.  The 
larger Enforcer could carry more armor, making it more durable in a 
pitched battle.  If Gilbert could strike repeatedly from long range, he could 
strip away the heavier mech
s armor.  He spurred the limping Fenris deeper 
into the copse
s shadows.  Concealing himself behind another tree, Gilbert 
waited for the mercenary scum to fall into his trap again.  Gilbert
s star 
leader wouldn
t approve of his tactics, but he never did anyway.  He was 
considered by most of his comrades to be an oddity.  He had tested out at 
the top of his sibko in every category, but showed contempt for the rigid 
honor codes and traditions of the Clans.  He felt that any victory was 
honorable as long as it was a victory.  These views, combined with several 
incidents of insubordination, had landed Gilbert in various units consisting 
of criminals and freebirths.  The Clans didn
t even waste old warriors in 
most of the units Gilbert had been assigned to over the years.  He also did 
not subscribe to the clan prejudice against freebirth soldiers.  He was 
convinced that no matter what the conditions of his birth, he was destined 
for greatness.
	As he made his way into the clump of trees, Devon shifted 
Bushwacker into a run, the wet ground sucking at its feet.  He hoped he 
could catch the enemy mech
 before there was time for him to set another 
trap.  Fire flashed across his cockpit as SRMs slammed into his upper 
torso.  The flames clung to his mech
s armor as warning lights flashed, set 
off by the rising heat caused by the missiles.  The jellied fuel from the 
Inferno warheads burned fiercely, despite the pounding rain.  The flames 
scarred the camouflaged paint on Devon
s mech
.  Raindrops sizzled, 
evaporating as they landed on the burning mech
.  The flames themselves 
posed little threat to the machine.  But, the accompanying heat combined 
with the raging nuclear inferno that powered the mech
 was too much for 
the machine
s heat sinks.  The excess heat could bake a pilot alive in his 
own cockpit.  Every mechwarrior secretly feared being burned alive during 
battle.
	Sweat prickled on Devon
s brow as he struggled to keep the 
computer from shutting down and rendering him helpless.  He knew that 
his Enforcer was at its limit.  Devon couldn
t see anything on his visual 
scanners because of the clinging flames.  He was completely blind.  He 
pivoted his mech
 from side to side, but that only fanned the flames higher.  
Devon was in serious trouble.  If he didn
t extinguish the flames his mech
would shut down and leave him open for the clansman to destroy Devon at 
his leisure.  Devon couldn
t eject because of the flames.  He would be 
burned alive as he jettisoned through the inferno surrounding his cockpit.  
Devon was left with only one choice.  He charged his mech
 in the 
direction  the missiles had come from.
	Gilbert
s mouth dropped in astonishment.  The mercenary had sent 
his mech
 full tilt toward his position.  The flaming mech
 lit up the shadow 
Gilbert was hiding in.  The Enforcer stumbled as it neared his position, but 
the pilot was able to keep his feet.  Gilbert didn
t react for several precious 
moments, allowing Devon the chance he needed.  Gilbert couldn
t imagine 
what would posses the mercenary to attempt such an obviously suicidal 
action.  Any other clan warrior would have immediately understood 
Devon
s motivation.  Death was sometimes unavoidable, but it need not be 
a waste,.  If a warrior could take an enemy down with him, he would die 
with honor, as a warrior should.  This concept was totally alien to Gilbert.  
Dead was dead and nothing could change that.
	Devon
s mech
 careened off trees and stumbled blindly into 
Gilbert
s hiding place.  The clansman reacted just a moment too late.  He 
twisted the Fenris to the left but its crippled knee slowed it just long 
enough for Devon to plow into the clan mech
	Devon fought the controls to keep the enforcer upright.  The heat 
in the cockpit soared higher with each step.  He nearly passed out as sweat 
poured into his eyes.  Any moment, the ammo from the autocannon might 
explode and end his life in a tick of the clock. Suddenly, Devon flew 
forward, straining against his safety harness as his mech
 smashed into 
something solid.  Whatever it was gave way under the Enforcer's 
momentum.  Devon fought to regain his balance but the mech
 fell forward 
on top of the obstacle and began to roll.  A new wave of heat robbed him 
of his consciousness.
	Gilbert tried unsuccessfully to backpeddle away from the 
mercenary
s mech
.  The backward motion, combined with the momentum 
of the charging mech
, caused the Fenris to tumble on to its back. Gilbert
head snapped back, impacting with the cockpit wall.  Shards of Plexiglas 
flew in all directions from the shattered viewport.  He momentarily lost 
consciousness from the blow.  A flash of heat swept across Gilbert
s face 
bringing him back to his senses.  He could see the burning mesh
 through 
the hole in his Fenris
 viewport as they slid across the wet humus in a 
grotesque embrace.  Suddenly, the world turned upside-down.  The two 
mechs slipped over the edge of the low hill where the fight had taken place.  
They began to roll toward the swamp, still locked together from the 
impact.  Gilbert wretched the controls, trying to break the Enforcer
s grip.  
	Devon
s limp body bounced against his safety harness, bruising his 
body terribly.  The heat continued to wash over Devon, almost killing the 
unconscious mechwarrior.  Finally, the two mechs rolled to a stop, with 
Bushwacker flat on its back.  The mechs lay submerged in about five 
meters of black water.  The flames from the inferno missile sputtered and 
then died.  The heat began to drop in the Enforcer
s cockpit as the heat 
sinks kicked in.  Cool air blew on Devon, waking him.  He opened his eyes 
to darkness.  He tried to reactivate the computer without success.  Devon 
fumbled around in the dark until he found the emergency pack strapped to 
the bottom of his seat.  Unhooking the bag, he set it in his lap and opened 
it.  Still in the dark, Devon felt around in the pack and removed the 
emergency lamp.  He flicked it on.  
	The inside of the cockpit was a mess.  All of the screens were dead 
and wires hung from broken consoles.  Devon suddenly realized that the 
viewport was also dark.  It couldn
t be night already, or could it.  He 
couldn
t tell how long he had been knocked out.  Either Devon had been 
unconscious for hours or something was covering the port.  He found the 
auxiliary power switch and flicked it on, extinguishing the lamp as dim 
yellow lights came on.  Minimal power was restored but the primary power 
coupling was damaged.  In other words, he could only operate the mech
 at 
minimal output. Unfortunately that didn
t include the weapons.  Devon 
tried to reactivate the computer again, this time successfully.  The 
diagnostic program indicated significant damage to parts of almost every 
system.  Nothing had escaped the searing heat undamaged.  The computer 
finished configuring and beeped its readiness for action.  Gingerly at first, 
Devon tried to move his mech
	The movements were sluggish at first.  All of the Enforcer
s limbs 
were operable, except for its damaged arm, but something was keeping it 
prone.  He began to rock the mech
 back and forth, attempting to dislodge 
whatever was holding him down.  The weight shifted suddenly and light 
streamed into the cockpit.  Devon gasped.  Muddy water swirled outside of 
his viewport.  His mech
 was submerged under water.  He realized he 
better free himself quickly.  There was no way of knowing how much air he 
had left.  Devon tried to make his mech
 sit up, but something was still 
holding him down.  He pulled in the mech
s legs and pushed.  His torso 
was still pinned but his legs came free.  Pumping the mech
s legs, Devon 
tried to dislodge himself.  Metal screeched and his torso moved a few 
meters.  As he worked the mech
s legs up and down the weight on his 
chest shifted again.  
	The still form of the clan Fenris passed in front of Devon
viewport.  He caught sight of its smashed canopy.  The clan mechwarrior 
was still strapped in the flooded cockpit, his lifeless arms swaying freely in 
the muddy water.  Devon realized he must have smashed the Fenris
canopy when he blindly collided with it.  Just when the clansman had 
Devon at his mercy, fate had stepped in and saved the mercenary.  Devon 
swore an oath of thanks to his patron saint.  He then continued the task of 
freeing himself from the death grip of the shattered clan mech
	Devon freed his mech
s right arm and was able to lever it under the 
lighter bulk of the Fenris.  He pushed against the controls, commanding the 
Enforcer to topple the other machine off of him.  The Fenris began to shift 
one final time.  It rolled off of the Enforcer and settled into the dark mud of 
the swamp.  Silt settled on the motionless mech
 like light brown snow.  
Devon was able to bring his mech
 to a sitting position with his one 
operable arm.
	Star Commander Garth Blackwell watched the mercenary
s mech
rise from the dark water.  Its left arm hung limp at its side and its armor 
was scarred and blackened by fire.  Blackwell knew he could easily cripple 
and destroy the mech
 without much trouble but he hesitated.  He had 
observed the entire battle between Mechwarrior Gilbert and the mercenary.  
Gilbert had ambushed the mercenary and disabled his most powerful 
weapon.  Throwing caution to the wind, the warrior had charged after the 
retreating clansman.  Again, Gilbert had shamed himself by striking from 
hiding.  Gilbert
s use of inferno warheads only deepened his dishonor.  
Against all  odds, the valiant warrior had fought on and dispatched the 
clansman.  The Star Commander knew from watching the battle that he 
would have to kill the mercenary in order to defeat him and that wasn
what he wanted.  Blackwell turned his mech
 and started back toward the 
Ghost Bear encampment.  The warrior from the Inner Sphere had earned 
his victory with blood and courage.  It was not for Blackwell to take that 
victory away.  The Star Commander shook his head.  He couldn
understand how clansmen like Gilbert could reject honor even though they 
were born and bred to revere it, while many of the warriors of the Inner 
Sphere proved their worthiness against overwhelming odds.  For an instant 
Blackwell doubted the Clans
 right to disturb what had evolved in 
Kerensky
s absence.  Like any loyal clan warrior, Blackwell let the feeling 
pass.
The End
Rain Dance - Page 9 - Douglas M. Warren
                        ( THE REALITY OF OUR SITUATION )
        
             All of you are being faced with choices. Many of you are so 
        engrossed with your idea of reality you are not seeing beyond the 
        simplest Illusions around you. You are not alone as Solinus and I 
        see this even in areas very close to us in our family unit.
             But what is reality? Is it something we base life on that 
        may or may not be a correct situation but that we use as our 
        basic guidelines in living our lives. I think it is something 
        closer to our idea of what keeps us safe, secure and in a sense 
        of well being. It is in other words our security blanket - what 
        we believe makes our lives work. It is the way we choose to see 
        life versus what may or may not be life in a true reality.
             All of you have through the years heard about other systems, 
        less free countries where people are taught from a very early age 
        to accept a system of belief that gives little in return. Infor-
        mation is usually censored and keeps, for the most part, other 
        systems of living out of the direct knowledge of those who are 
        controled and indoctrinated into a group idea. These scenarios 
        are based on what a few in power wish as to the way things should 
        work. 
             My next question when comparing our society to one of cen-
        sorship is how is our system any better than any of these others? 
        Here is where many will stand up and say it's better than all the 
        rest in the world. It may be, but if it is it would not fluctuate 
        and create suffering in the group following the guidelines of  
        those few in power running this country. 
             Look at your present situation. Do you honestly believe it 
        is faltering because times are bad? Is it possible you have been 
        brainwashed as many, if not all peoples of other countries are? 
        And that you will refuse to see it until the people that are 
        controlling you decide to change things that directly effect the 
        security blanket you base life on.
             Reality dear ones is truth that in its context cannot be 
        changed. When it is altered in ways that create thoughts of well 
        being it still remains the same, the alteration becoming the 
        lived Illusion. Society that gains power by a fellowship based on 
        any altered truths creating a feeling of well being may give a 
        sense of security and well being until the real worth becomes 
        self evident. Then a change by those who are following the Illu-
        sion either crumbles or a new altered truth sets a foundation for 
        yet another crash of its real worth down the line. In reality the 
        real truth gets put aside for yet another created Illusion.
             Each time this happens it opens new awareness in a few which 
        undermines the real worth of being followers of those creating 
        this Illusion. The opportunity comes in these times to release a 
        few from the bigger group not seeing and willing to go on to yet 
        another false start creating yet another duration of pain and 
        suffering down the line. This is the cross roads all now face. 
        This is your chance to stand up as sovereign beings dependent on 
        yourself and your creator for your existence in these times of 
        upheaval. Many of you will cower and ask for the old to carry you 
        into their ideas and projections of the new. Some will say no 
        there now is another way and see, thus finding truth versus 
        getting sucked into another round of deceit by following someone 
        else in their projected idea of how the group will survive the 
        times ahead.
             The truth dear ones is that you are sovereign beings never 
        meant to follow anyone or thing but the God within. That is the 
        simplicity of truth versus the diversity burying it that you base 
        life on while living it on Earth. You're going to say just plac-
        ing myself in the unknown will not create what I need. You're 
        wrong and this type thinking will create your next experience of 
        pain and suffering.
             Some of you are now saying what in the heck is this guy 
        saying. I'm saying there is a link to God in you which many of 
        you fail to hear when it speaks to you because you're listening 
        to false gods telling you an altered aspect of this truth. This 
        statement is not based on any religious aspect or dogmatic ideal 
        but stands on its own worth because it is true. Follow this voice 
        and your whole life will change in the best or worst times to the 
        absolute reality of your reason for being created.  This will 
        give you freedom over the dominion you are in and all else here 
        controlling things around you and others that before you believed 
        effected you. 
             If your desire is to find truth in your life versus every-
        thing else you previously based life on, it is now time to listen 
        to that voice in you. All else is Illusion. Freedom is opening to 
        this truth and releasing the Illusion. All else of worth follows 
        by this simple act.
                                 Peace and Love        
                                     Kortron
                            THE RED DRAGON
   Once there was a time, thousands of years ago, when animals were not the 
same as they are now. Except for a few like the lion, the tiger and the 
butterflies, they all looked alike. All were more or less the same height, 
everyone had four legs and it wasn't easy to tell which was which, even though
the elephant did weigh more than the hyena, and the hippo more than the 
gazelle. One day, while all the animals were relaxing in a field, along came a
red dragon, out of breath, crying,
   "We're in danger, folks! The world is about to come to an end!"
   "How do you know?" everyone asked. The dragon replied,
   "I read it in the stars. We must escape!"
   "But where can we go?" they asked him.
   "To another world," he replied. "I'll take you there. I can fly and I'll 
take you to a planet that is safer than this one." Frightened, as they were, 
all the animals climbed on to the dragon's back.
   With a bored look, the lion said, "I'm not scared of anything, so I'll just
stay here on Earth." The others, however, were fighting to get on the dragon's
back.
   "Don't push, you behind!" shouted the crocodile.
   "Hey, move that paw!" It was just like people today pushing and shoving to 
get onto an overcrowded train. At last the dragon cried,
   "Ready! Off we go," and started to run for takeoff. The first and the 
second runs weren't fast enough, but at the third try he finally got off the 
ground, flapping his wings and waving his tail.
   "Not so fast!" shouted somebody, and another voice yelled: "Faster, or we 
will end up in the trees!" The dragon replied,
   "Oh, bother! I'm doing the best I can. Why don't you lot keep still, for 
once." The fact was that because they were frightened, they did everything but
keep still, and so, after a while, the poor red dragon, now very tired, simply
could not flap his wings any longer . . . and crashed on a lovely green meadow.
   All the animals shrieked with terror. Nobody lost his life . . but the 
snake lost his legs and slithered away through the grass. The rhino bumped his
head and grew a horn. All the elephant's teeth fell out, except for two which 
became very long. The giraffe sprained his neck and it grew to a great length.
The hippo rolled about so much he became nearly round, ended up in a pond and 
didn't come out, he was too ashamed to be seen . . . Well, in that fall, all 
the animals took on a different appearance and became what they are today. And
when the lion saw them, what he said was:
   "Oh, how funny you look!"
                                 RETRIBUTION
                                                 by Andrew Varga
                                                 Copyright, 1991.
              What do you mean, "Tell you why I'm here"?  You've got
          my file right there in front of you, Doofus.
              Man I'm tired of this crap.  Why are you here, Turkey!
          Why always the same thing?   Why do you start with this
          garbage every single time?
              Okay, I messed up.  Messed up bigtime.  That what
          you want to hear?   I messed up when I mistook you for
          somebody with a shred of compassion!
              Of course I'm getting excited!  Start every damned
          time with the same damned questions-what do you expect!
              What?
              No, I don't want to.
              Okay.  Fine.  We'll do it again.  Dammit.
              I'll be calm.  Reasonable, yes.  Even reserved.
              I said okay, okay?  Get off my case!
              Where you want me to start?   Want me to explain again
          how you got the wrong one?
              Which beginning?
              Maybe I should go.
              Okay, okay.  So, what's your pleasure?
              Okay, but don't interrupt, got it?  Just you keep
          still 'til I'm done.
              Unplug the phone.
              So's we don't get interrupted!
              I told you I'm in control, now unplug the phone.
              Fine, have it your way.  First ring and I'm outa here.
              Okay, so I come home.
              Yeah, from work!  You want to do this or what?
              Then don't interrupt.
              I come home from work, and Julie meets me at the door.
          Right away I can tell that something's outa sinc.  She's
          actin' funny.  I gotta admit, she's a good kid.  When can
          I see her?
              Don't pull that on me!  If it was up to me, a whole
          lotta things'd be different.
              Then cut the mind games, man.  Okay?
              Okay, so I give her a big kiss like always and when
          I step inside, the whole trailer smells.  Kitchen fumes.
          She's gone and put on a genuine feed.  Right away I'm
          extra nervous.  It's Friday night and she never cooks on
          Friday night.  Told her before it's my night out, I know
          she's doin' this just to stall me.
              Cling-ons, man.  Women are just a bunch of damned
          cling-ons.
              Now that I think of it, she even looked different.
          Puffy, or fuzzy.  Yeah, kinda fuzzy around the edges.  Oh,
          she was glad to see me.  Hell, she's always glad to see
          me.
              I swear, if I brought home a bag of dog crap and told
          her it was a present she'd be tickled.  I can just see it.
          Here she is meeting me at the door and I'm at the top of
          the steps and I hand her this paper sack saying here
          honey, I got this just for you and by now it's gone all
          soggy-bottom and when she takes it the bottom falls out
          and this fresh glob splatters on her feet.  She looks down
          for a second and her smile doesn't even flicker and she's
          going oh sweetheart I love it you shouldn't have I know
          just to do with it you're so nice to me here let me take
          your lunch pail.  And before I get to the table, she'd
          have a big pot of flowers planted in the stuff.  That's
          kinda how she thinks.
              Huh?
              Okay.  So we're having dinner and she knows I'm going
          out.  Been telling her for weeks.  I'm thinking, so what's
          the big stinking deal?  It was a flawless plan.  I even
          got into a pattern.  One night a month, out with the guys.
          No way could she suspect anything 'cause it was a pattern.
          I mean hey, it'd be a whole different animal if we were
          married, right?
              So she just sits down from serving.  Big platter
          loaded with turkey.  That's another thing, man do I hate
          turkey.  It's the best we can do on what I'm making now.
          Like a fancy French restaurant steak to somebody like you,
          understand?  I still hate the stuff.
              So I'm choking down this slimy old bird 'cause time's
          just screaming by and I look up and she's starin' at me.
          And her lost-puppy eyes look like the little mutt's been
          gone for months.  I know she wants to talk, but I'm
          shoveling away 'cause I've got the plan, you know?
              So I finish and stand up to go and she hits me in the
          guts harder than I've been hit in a long time.  Three
          stupid words.
              "Honey I'm pregnant."
              So what could I do?  She's expecting me to cheer or
          grab her up and hug her or whatever.
              Remember that oh God not again my guts are being
          ripped outa my mouth feeling I told you about?  All I
          could do was go throw up.  Told her it must be sympathy
          pains.  She took it, loves me that much I guess.
              Okay, I lied about the bowling.  Happy now?  Gonna let
          me go on?
              Yes I was mad!  Tell me this when she knew I had to
          go.  I mean I told her enough times.  "Every month.
          Friday night.  Bowling."
              I remember getting the you're-going-to-see-another-
          woman-aren't-you look when I left.  So what should I tell
          her?  "Yes, Darling.  I'd never do anything to hurt you
          but I'm going to pay a visit to my ex.  But don't worry,
          she won't even know I'm there."
              Hey, I was in such a hurry I almost forgot the bowling
          ball.  Now that woulda been a major screw up.  I remember
          thinking, backing down the drive, maybe I should've had it
          drilled, in case she ever checked.
              While I'm driving I get this major rush.  My plan is
          unfolding and I'm watching -no- I'm living it after all
          this time.
              I'm going kinda fast but I don't care.  I'm going
          home.
              Okay, her house.  I misspoke, big deal.  It used to be
          mine, just like everything else.
              And the truck starts sputtering 'cause of this foggy
          misty crap coming down and I start to get like electricity
          shooting into my stomach 'cause I get the idea I'm not
          going to make it.  But then I figured it'd somehow make it
          easier, I'll be harder to see and I can walk if I have to,
          so the pain quits.
              I even planned out exactly how to park the truck in
          the trees out back so's nobody'll see it.  And I'm so
          quiet I can't even hear myself, pulling the rifle out from
          behind the seat, running army-style across the field,
          crawling under the fence, ducking behind the garage.
              A coupla years ago, back when I had the good job, I
          brought home some barrels.  You know, for trash and stuff.
          Boy did I catch hell for that!  Anyway, I had to put 'em
          back there.  I used them to get to the roof.  Knew they'd
          still be there, she never took care of anything.
              I was so stealthy Rambo woulda been proud.
              So I crawl up on the garage roof, which was a major
          achievement 'cause it's wet and slick as ice.  I  scramble
          up to the peak and look over it where I can see the
          driveway and the back of the house.
              Man, was I pumped.  Like when you're about thirteen
          and you've got your favorite magazine in the bathroom with
          you and your dad suddenly starts pounding on the door.
              Excuse me, you probably never did that.
              I didn't see my car -I mean her car- in the drive so I
          knew everything was perfect.  I hung on to the peak and
          waited.  I remember checking my scope a couple of times
          and wiping the rain off.
              I must've closed my eyes for a minute 'cause the
          pictures started again.
              Can we skip this part?
              Little Joey, yeah.  Laughing and running and we're
          kicking this soft little soccer ball around the back yard.
              I really don't want to get into this.
              What?
              So tell me this, Mr. Wiseguy.  Why is it that
          catharsis and catheter sound so much alike?
              All right.  I'm watching these pictures, stop action.
          Joey stops in mid-kick and his little face turns all sober
          with tears running down his cheeks like the day I left.
          Cattle-prod in the gut stuff.
              And then I'm in the morgue.
              Whoa pal, I'm not going into this again.  Told you a
          million times.  I told you how she swore she'd get me.
              That accident story is pure bullcrap, U.S.D.A.
          inspected prime.
              Hey, she even used to get me when I was graying.
              Graying, you know.  sliding from awake to sleep.  When
          you're laying perfectly still, 'cause you're too far gone
          to move yet your mind is still going.   You're in the gray
          zone, you can't move but you're just awake enough to know
          it and you can't make it stop.
              She'd lay there right next to me and whisper over and
          over.  I had to be cheating on her.  I had to be cheating.
          Who was it with.  Who was I cheating with.  Tell me I had
          to be and why was I lying about it.  Telling me how she
          knew I had to be doing it and how, the minute she had
          proof, she was gonna take a knife to a certain private
          part- MY part.
              Yeah?  Never heard that part before?  You think I'm
          gonna tell you everything that slaps around up here?  You
          think I'm crazy?  How many more times do I have to tell
          you, she's the one who should be in here, not me!
              Look, I'll make you a deal.  I'll stay if you put her
          in here, too.  But she's gotta be in another building.
              And nobody, but nobody tells her where I am.
              Not the topic, not the topic.  Man you're persistent!
              Okay.
              So I must have fallen asleep 'cause the next thing I
          know I'm sliding down the roof grabbing for my rifle.  Got
          right to the edge before I stopped, too.
              I sat there staring at my hands thinking, isn't this
          funny, my fingernails are gone but I don't feel a thing.
          'Bout here is where I hear the car coming so I scramble
          back up to the top.
              Looking back at it, I can't figure how she didn't see
          me.  Here's my head sitting like a pumpkin on top of the
          garage and the headlights are starin' me right in the
          face.
              The lights go out and the engine dies and now I've got
          the crosshairs on her door.  She always took so damned
          long to get out of the car.  Used to drive me nuts.
              But that's okay this time.  I USE MY time.  Slow and
          quiet, I bring the bolt back then forward and down.  And I
          wait.
              The door opens and she's getting out and my thumb
          reaches for the safety.  She's just standing there and I
          can't decide, headorheart, headorheart, headorheart.
              Cold and wet as it was, I was sweating all over. I
          finally rest the crosshairs on her chest.  Man she had a
          big chest!
              So I'm pushing off the safety, trying not to let it
          click, and the other door opens!  She's brought somebody
          home with her!  I lay there thinking the poor dummy, he
          doesn't know what she'll do to him and I should do her now
          and save him from her.
              He comes around the car and puts his arm around her
          and they start toward the house and I almost yell run!
          Run before she gets you, too!
              But I hunker down and aim again.  I can still get her
          in the back of the head before it's too late.
              Never wear street shoes if you're going up on a roof,
          especially a wet one.  Screw you over every time.
              They're too close together anyway.  Besides, I'd never
          do a stranger.  Poor dope's just going in for a quickie.
          Thing is, he never knows what it's really gonna cost.
              Isn't his fault.  I mean I fell for it, didn't I.
              At least he had the decency to pull the curtains.
              I wait, wet clear through and teeth sounding like
          maracas.  Like I figured, they came out about an hour
          later.  Took the safety off as soon as I saw the back door
          open.
              I knew what to go for this time and I waited as they
          came toward me.  Hey I was loving it.  Major turn on.  I
          mean I was Excited.
              I waited until they separated to get in the car.  The
          rifle was slick in my hands but I was too busy fighting
          the shivers to be bothered.  I settled the crosshairs on
          the bridge of her nose and waited for the right, the exact
          right split second moment.
              As it came I slowly squeezed the trigger.
              I gotta admit, that was the closest I ever came to a
          total body orgasm.
              Guys can have them, you know.  Read it somewhere.
              Lying there and thinking I've got you now you
          baby-killing whore I'll fix -no- I AM fixing your nasty
          old hide and there's no way you can BS your way outa this
          one and threaten all you want now it ain't gonna save you
          you're gut-splatters now you always were and you don't
          even know where it's coming from!
              All that stuff all at once, at that exact moment.
              I remember rolling away and my damned shoes sliding
          and the next thing I'm on the ground and she's screaming
          and the guy's coming around the garage.
              I hurt like hell but I had to get up 'cause the guy
          was coming and I wanted to look dignified when he shook my
          hand and thanked me for saving his little backside.
              'Bout then it hit me that he didn't really know what
          she could do to a man and maybe he wasn't all that
          thankful.
              I thought about using the rifle for a crutch but no,
          it would slow me down and I felt that I could fly if I
          wanted to anyway, so I left it.
              I'm half way across the field when I hear him shout.
          Little dummy ran into the electric fence.  Then is when it
          hit me.  Here's this guy who should be sending me fan mail
          for trying to save his butt and instead he's busting it
          trying to catch me.
              I musta been a real fright.  Sitting there in my
          truck, wet through, caked in mud, having to use my left
          foot on the gas pedal 'cause my right's broken, and
          laughing my fool head off.  A fat Rambo on nitrous oxide.
              I swear I don't know how he got there so fast.  He
