try to dust off the beds.
All of the the beds that were still dry were inhabited by large scaly spiders
who protested violently when they were disturbed, and two of them were homes
to some very determined brown toads who threatened to start petitions
evicting us from the temple if we so much as slept in the same room as them.
So we came back to the kitchen, where moonrise turned out to still be hours
away and Blundir was doing the dishes under Gwolin's supervision.  Nobody
particularly wanted to be the one to move the spiders and toads, and Hamerio
quickly remembered that Ste. Lixy was known for kindness to animals as well
as people, and she would probably be displeased if we disturbed her temple's
inhabitants.  And moonrise was still hours away.
So, we decided to all of us sleep in the kitchen.  This hardly ended the
matter, as there were nine of us and only space for fourteen or fifteen and
moonrise was still hours away, but finally we agreed that Rosie should sleep
on one side of me and Gwolin on the other, and that Oime would promise not to
snore in Blundir's ear, and that we should put a blanket on the floor in case
Ponghashtidar came down.  And moonrise was still hours away.
Finally, we finished the last of the negotiations and arranged the bedrolls.
Oime was soon snoring noisily to an audience of ancient pots and pans hanging
on the wall and a slowly-growing crowd of bats, and her beard in a bowl so as
not to soak her bed. Blundir was next to her with plugs of parsley in his
ears.  Gwolin, to his credit, never once tried to sneak a tentacle over me
and went right to sleep.  Rosie was too excited to sleep, even though
moonrise was still hours away, and kept wriggling whenever I dozed off.
Hamerio and Brogi were on the great chopping-block, sometimes talking in low
whispers.  Kurad-Nin was mostly sleeping on the banisters, and Ponghashtidar
was still in the air.
And finally moonrise was no longer hours away, and everyone but Gwolin woke
up. A shimmering figure rushed into the kitchen from the general direction of
the chapel, a bright and ethereal bird perched on each hand.  She glided
around the room, once, swiftly looking at each of us, a look like a rush of
cold water on a broiling day.  Then she stood in the middle of the room, and
pointed; and the birds flew where she pointed, and there they healed.
The frobudgeons on the hearth stood up and gave the Saint their courtesy,
but she was gone.  Then they glared once at Blundir and twice at me for
killing them and three times round again at all of us for eating them, and
stalked out of the ruined temple as elegant as icicles.  Nobody could think of
anything to say, but I held Rosie for an hour while she cried herself to
sleep.
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
:   Earth's Dreamlands    :  Info on: RPG's,  :(313)558-5024 : area code    :
:RPGNet World HQ & Archive: Drugs, Industrial :(313)558-5517 : changes to   :
:  1000's of text files   :  music, Fiction,  :InterNet      : (810) after  :
:   No Elite / No porn    :   HomeBrew Beer.  :rpgnet@aol.com: Dec 1,1993   :
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
Here are some dice games that I've adapted from real dice games I found
in various books. I'm always interested in collecting new games so if 
you happen to think some up I would be glad to see them.
Reid
---------------------------------------------------------------------
                          GUIDE TO DICE GAMES
                                  FOR
                      ADVANCED DUNGEONS & DRAGONS
                           BY REID BLUEBAUGH
BUCK DICE
CREATORS: Elves
OPERATOR: Nil
DICE TYPE: 3d6
     Any number can play. Each player throws the dice to determine the
order of play; the player making the highest score goes first, next
highest second, and so on. The low man then throws one die and the
number thrown becomes the point number. The high man begins throwing
all three dice, and scores one point for each point number thrown. He
continues to throw as long as he throws point numbers, which are added
as he goes along. When he fails to throw a point number on any throw,
the dice pass to the next player.
     The object is to score exactly 15 points, called buck; each player
as he reaches this score, drops out of the game until only one player
remains who becomes the loser and foots the bill. If a player reaches a
total above 15, the throw does not count and he must throw again. Any
three numbers (not point numbers) thrown is a little buck and counts 5
points. When the point numbers appear on all three dice, it's a big
buck, which counts 15 points and eliminates the player no matter what
score he has previously made.
LIAR
CREATORS: Humans
OPERATOR: Nil
DICE TYPE: 5d6
     Any number can play. Five dice are used with a dice cup.  Each
player throws five dice and the player throwing the highest poker hand
(ace is high, and 6, 5, 4, 3, 2 represent king, queen, jack, ten, nine,
respectively) takes any seat and is the first shooter; the player
throwing the second highest hand sits at his left and shoots second;
and so on.
     At the beginning of play, each player places before himself three
betting units. The first shooter shakes  the dice, turns the cup upside
down, and lifts it, shielding the dice from view with his hand. He then
announces the value of his hand but need not state the truth. The
player on his left must either accept the statement or call him a liar.
     If the first shooter's statement is doubted and if he has at least
as good a hand as he called, the doubter puts one betting unit into the
pot. If the shooter has lied about his hand, he must pay one unit to
the doubter and put one unit into the pot. It then becomes the
doubter's turn to throw, and he plays against the player on his left;
and so on, around the table.
     If the shooter's statement is accepted as true by the player at
his left, it becomes the latter's turn to throw. He may use all the
dice originally thrown or leave as many of them as he cares to and
throw the others. As the first shooter did, he covers the dice he
throws and must then announce that the five dice have a value that
beats the hand which the first shooter announced and which was
accepted. The first shooter then either accepts or doubts this
statement, and this process continues until one of the two players has
doubted a hand which the other player has actually thrown or bettered.
The doubter then puts one of his units into the pot.
     When a player has placed all three of his betting units into the
pot, he drops out of the game and the other players continue until only
one player is left who still retains one or more of his original three
units. This player is declared the winner and takes the pot.
     The player on the left of the first shooter begins the next game.
MARINER
CREATORS: Sailors
OPERATORS: Nil
DICE TYPE: 5d6
     There are times when there is nothing to do on a ship, so a nice
dice game helps make the waves go by. Any number can play and five dice
are thrown from a cup are used.  Each player throws a single die to
determine the order of play, highest man going first, second highest
second, and so on.  Tying players throw again.  The deal rotates to the
left.
     Each player in turn is allowed three throws and first tries to get
a 6, 5, and 4 in that order; the 6 represents the ship, the 5 is the
captain, and the 4 is the mate. If a 6 and 5 appear on the first throw
the player puts those dice aside and rolls the remaining three dice
trying to get a 4.  If a 6 and 4 appear on the first roll, the 4 cannot
be used until a 5 has been made and the player sets aside the 6 only
and throws four dice on his next throw.
     When the player has succeeded in getting a 6, 5, and 4 in that
order, the points on the remaining two dice constitute his score,
called the crew. If he has not used all of his three throws he may, if
he likes, use any remaining throws of the two dice in an attempt to
make them show a higher total. The player who has made ship, captain,
and mate and whose two remaining dice show the highest score is the
winner and takes the pot into which each player has contributed equal
stakes, /if the two high players tie, it is considered a tie for
everyone and another round is thrown. The player to the left of the
first shooter in the first round becomes the first shooter in the
second round.
ONE-HUNDRED
CREATORS: Dwarves
OPERATOR: Nil
DICE TYPE: 1d10
     The dwarves created this game after creating the ten sided die.
Once upon a time, a dwarf made a die by carefully carving numbers into
a gem he had. The idea caught on by dwarves everywhere. Unfortunately,
no dice games existed for a ten-sided die, so they made one. In the
original game, ten dwarfs played for the 1000 gold pieces (100 gold
pieces per player).  Of course times change.
    Any number can play now and the players can be of any race. Each
player puts a stake (the amount decided unanimously among the players)
in the center forming a pool and each player throws the die to
determine order of play, low man going first, next highest next, and so
on. The players throw the die in turn and continue to throw, adding
each number thrown to the previous one and calling out the totals.  The
object is to reach 100 or approach it as closely as possible without
passing it. Players passing 100 are busted.
     The player who comes closest to 100 wins. Ties divide the pool.
Most players throw again at 94 or less, stop at 95 or more.
ROTATION
CREATORS: Humans
OPERATOR: NIL
DICE TYPE: 2d8
     This dice game originated from the humans who like a simple
drinking game. After all, once a player puts down a couple of drinks,
the rules tend to get complicated.
     Any number can play, two dice are used, and any player may go
first. On the first round each player throws once and tries to make 2.
If successful, he scores 2 points, if not he scores nothing. On the
second round each player shoots for a 3 which, if made, scores 3
points. All of the fifteen number combinations possible with the two
dice (2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10, 11,12,13,14,15,16) are played for in this
manner, beginning with the lowest. The player having the highest total
score after all numbers have been shot for is declared.
     Usually the loser must by  the other competitors a drink.
UNDER AND OVER SEVEN
CREATORS: Unknown
OPERATOR: Thieves
DICE TYPE: 2d6
     This is an old-time game that is still going strong. It gets a
steady play because it is simple and easy to learn.  Also, it is so
deceptive in appearance that the average player can't understand why
the operator of the game doesn't go broke. The game is popular with the
operators because they know that their chance of losing is nil, that it
is one of the biggest sucker games ever, and that the percentage for
the house, although the player can't see it, is as strong as they come.
     The game is usually operated by hustlers, that is thieves that
prefer to take peoples money in a more moral fashion. After all, the
players of the game are willing to gamble their money.
     The only items needed for play are two die, a dice cup, and a
small layout. The layout is simply three squares in a row with the
following written in them respectively: UNDER 7, SEVEN, OVER 7. The
design sometimes simply being drawn on a rock with chalk or scratched
in the ground. The player puts his money on any one of the three spaces
and throws the dice.  If he bets on UNDER 7 and throws any of the
numbers under seven, the bank pays him off at even money. The same is
true of the OVER 7 space. If he puts his money on the SEVEN space, he
is paid off at 5 for 1. No matter where they place they're money, the
bank's advantage is 16 2/3 percent.
                            A MANLY WAGER
                             By Lucillus
                      Dedicated to testosterone
There was a pair of warriors
Who thought they were so cool
BBBain and Magnus were their names
The king and prince of fools.
 Now as to which is greater
   Come listen to my tale
And I will tell you of the time
These mighty warriors failed.
Late one night a bet they made 
     A very manly boast
So many maidens each could bed
 But who could get the most?
And so they set out for to prove
  Who was the biggest prick
And just how stupid they could act
    And get away with it.
   Bain and Magnus wanted 
  To show who was the best
 And each man was determined
   To win this manly test
  By fair means and by foul
 Many maidens they would lay
Then prove it all by boasting
    In a very manly way.
   Bain went into town now
   And found a likely inn
He was sure the maids would swoon
  As soon as they saw him.
He preened and pranced and pampered
   To show his better side
 And practiced his sincerity
  To hide the fact he lied.
And sure enough the spell he wove
  Had all the ladies there
Dying for the chance to run 
Their fingers through his hair.
"Please, ladies, take a number!"
Pretty Bain he then did say,
"For I will serve you all upstairs,
  Until the break of day."
So Bain thinks he's a stud now
    And many maids agree
 He cares not for discretion
 In fact, he charged a fee.
All the ladies they were waiting
  To take their turn in bed
 Then boast to one another:
"I'm his only love", they said.
                                     But Magnus thinks he's clever
                                         Of that he is so sure
                                    He followed Bain to see how he
                                      Would all the ladies lure.
                                      He saw a lady that he knew
                                      Whose jealous husband cruel
                                  Would kill to keep his lovely wife
                                       As a miser keeps a jewel.
                                   So straight away he went to tell
                                       This jealous hulking man
                                   Of just what Bain was going to do
                                   And his wife's part in the plan.
                                 And so, he thought, he could be sure
                                        To win their manly bet
                                       This surely was as clever
                                         As any man could get!
                                         Now Magnus he is lazy
                                         As if you didn't know
                                     He thought he had it made now
                                      And wished to see the show.
                                      So he went into the tavern
                                         And waited for to see
                                        A very jealous husband
                                      And his victim soon-to-be.
                                      Upstairs Bain was grooming
                                        He made the ladies wait
                                  While Magnus tried his best to hide
                                      And leave Bain to his fate.
                                       Soon the jealous husband
                                       Had gathered to his side
                                   As many friends as he could find
                                     To help him take his bride.                
                                       But Magnus was impatient
                                      And quite horny now as well
                                  So he slipped out through the back
                                      To stables by their smell.
                                    He was sure that he could ream 
                                        Some very lonely horse
                                  Then be back inside in time to see
                                     Bain thrashed by manly force.
                                     But even for old Magnus     
                                    Things sometimes work out well
                                   For Bain chose for his first lay
                                     The faithless wife from hell.
                                    She could not wait for foreplay
                                       But jumped upon his steed
                                     And started quick to ride him
                                       To service her deep need.
                                          
I know now what you're thinking
    How typical it seems
For Bain to end up with a maid
 While Magnus a horse reams.
 But justice it soon entered
    Into this merry tune
The husband and his many friends
Had come, and none too soon.
Up the stairs they charged as one
 And burst into the room   
Then looked Bain, and saw right there
   His own impending doom.
   And naked as a jaybird
  He took his only chance:
Went leaping out the window 
   Without even his pants.
Now Bain had not yet finished
    His very manly chore
His manhood still was rigid    
   And hard now to ignore.
But his luck did not desert him
  For below him now he saw
A thatched roof coming quickly
Made of soft and yielding straw.
  And Magnus in the stables
  Had found a horse to pork
Was pounding deep into her tail
  And leaned into his work.
When crashing through the rooftop
Came Bain with his stiff spear
And found poor Magnus most exposed
   And fell into his rear.
A mighty squeal of pain and glee
 Was heard for miles around
And far away some pigs got hard
Just thinking of that sound.
  And so we have a sandwich
   Of two men and a horse
  It's hard now to imagine
How things could turn out worse.
And Bain, who was stuck deep now
    Was trying to escape
  But Magnus had recovered
And started screaming "Rape!"
Out came the jealous husband
Who could not believe his eyes
Followed closely by the ladies
Who laughed until they cried.
                                        Now if a man were able 
                                         To die of shame alone
                                      Then surely now our heroes
                                     Would be deader than a stone.
                                      But alas, in their position
                                      An embarrassment from hell
                                   They could not defend themselves
                                    And their fate I now will tell.
                                     They were taken to the woods 
                                       And then tied upside down
                              Their clothes were burned before their eyes
                                      And all went back to town.
                                      You think the story's over
                                   But there's one more thing to see
                                         Who had won the wager
                                   And the greatest prick would be.
                                      For as they were a-hanging
                                          An argument ensued
                                      Bain said: "I'm the winner,
                                     And still the coolest dude."
                                        But Magnus he retorted:
                                      "At least I finished mine,
                                     So shut up, Bain, you loser,
                                      I hate it when you whine."
______________________________________________________________________________
              1     1   t  h       H   H     OO     U   U   RRRRR
             11    11  ttt h       H   H    O  O    U   U   R    R
            1 1   1 1   t  hhh     H   H   O    O   U   U   R    R
              1     1   t  h h     H   H   O    O   U   U   R    R
              1     1   tt h h     HHHHH   O    O   U   U   RRRRR
              1     1              H   H   O    O   U   U   R    R
              1     1              H   H   O    O   U   U   R    R
              1     1              H   H    O  O    U   U   R    R
            11111 11111            H   H     OO      UUU    R    R
                   P   R   O   D   U   C   T   I   O   N   S
                                  Presents...
______________________________________________________________________________
                              "Disco Can Be Fun"
                                 by Aldebaran
     It was a rainy May evening, and little Herman Jocko was at home alone.
Under normal circumstances, Herman would be hunched in front of his Apple
II+, his 300 baud modem blazing away.  But to his horror, his father, Mr.
Jeffers Jocko had taken away little Herman's computer until he "got a life".
But little Herman, although he was almost 14, had never been with other
people outside of school, and because of that, had no idea what it means to
have fun.  So, desperate for some ideas on how to get a life(and how to get
his computer back), little Herman opened The Closet, in search of his
father's memerobilia from "the good old days", hoping to learn how to become
a social animal like his father.  Little Herman opened the closet, revealing
a huge wardrobe of the most wonderful clothes Herman had ever seen!
 "K-K00l!  Look at all this polyester!"
Herman dug further into the closet, and soon came upon the greatest treasure
of the closet: a large carboard box filled with old records and photographs!
Flipping through the records, Herman found his father's last album he
recorded... in 1979!  'J. Jocko, Thats the Song!'.  On the cover was his dear
father, J. Jocko, wearing bellbottoms and a multicolored polyester shirt,
dancing in a dark disco club.  "Golly gee whiz, wouldn't it be k-k00l if I
could be like him?" thought little Herman as he rose, and took a white
polyester leisure suit from the closet.  Wet with excitement, Herman savagely
tore off his knickers and slipped the suit over his Superman Underoos.  "Now
I'm as k00l as daddy!  Yay!  Now I can be a hep cat!  A k00l d00d!  A social
savage!  A groovy stud!  I'm gonna paint the town! Yeah!"
     Little Herman slipped on a pair of brown leather elevator shoes and
stepped outside into the city streets.  "Yay!  I'm k00l now!" shouted Herman,
and he began the long journey to the local nightclub.  But as Herman rounded
the corner, he was confronted by a tall muscular man with a big lead pipe.
     "Hey d00d!  Whatz up?  I'm goin' down to The Thrash Pad to get down and
boogie!  Care to join me?" asked Herman.
     "What de fuck?  You've gotta be shittin' me!  Look at this fucker!
You've gotta be the funniest lookin' bastard I'ze evah eyeballed!
Cut this shit... you're gone!"
     Wham!  With a few swift blows, Herman was nothing more than a pile of
broken bones and ripped flesh wrapped in polyester.  The end.
Now that I've wasted enough of your time, I shall end this file.  But let
this be a lesson to anyone considering a nationwide disco revival...
_______________________________________________________________________________
(C) 1991 by Janitor Brand & The Eleventh Hour
All Rights Curiously Examined And Contemplated
  "The Purple Duck Flies South at Noon"
Call these fine boards:
	The Janitor's Closet  - (617) 69X-XXXX
        The Works             - (617) 861-8976 
                            DOPEY DENNIS
Once upon a time, there was a little boy called Dennis. Everyone called him 
Dopey because . . . well, read on and you will see why. Dennis lived with his 
mother in a nice house with a courtyard, vegetable plot, cellar and a henrun. 
One day his mother, since she had to go shopping, said to him,
   "I'll be away for an hour or two, son. Now, the broody hen is sitting on 
her eggs. Make sure nobody goes near her. Keep the house tidy and don't touch 
the jar in the cupboard, it's full of poison."
   "Don't worry, Mum," the little boy said, and when his mother had gone, he 
went into the yard to keep guard over the broody hen. However, tired of 
sitting, the hen got up to stretch her legs for a little before going back to 
the eggs. Dennis picked up a stick and yelled:
   "You nasty creature, get right back on those eggs!"
   But the broody hen, annoyed, only said, "Cluck!", and so Dennis hit her 
with his stick. He didn't really mean to do her any harm, but the blow fell on
the middle of her neck and the poor hen dropped dead.
   "Oh!" gasped the lad. "Who's going to sit on the eggs now? Well, I had 
better do something about that!" So he sat on the eggs . . . and broke the 
lot! Getting up with the seat of his trousers sticky with egg yolk, Dennis 
said to himself, "Mum will give me such a scolding. But to keep in her good 
books, I'll give her a surprise, I'll make the lunch." He picked up the hen, 
plucked its feathers and put it on the spit to roast.
   "A roast calls for a good wine!" he said to himself. He took a jug and went
down to the cellar where he started to draw sparkling red wine from a barrel. 
"Mum will be pleased with me," he told himself. At that moment, there was a 
dreadful noise in the kitchen. Dennis said to himself, "Who can that be? I 
must go and see." And he went . . . forgetting to turn off the tap on the 
barrel.
   Up he ran to the kitchen and saw the cat with the roast hen in its jaws and
the spit overturned. "Hey thief!" shouted the lad. "Put my hen down!" He 
picked up a rolling pin and started to chase the cat which, terrified as it 
was, firmly held on to the roast chicken as it dashed from room to room. The 
pair of them knocked against the cupboards, overturned tables, sideboards and 
stools, smashed vases, pots, plates and glasses. The devastation ended when 
the cat dropped the hen, leapt out of a window and vanished from sight. Dennis
picked up his roast, laid it on the table and said:
   "Now, I'll go and fetch the wine." He went back to the cellar . . . which 
was flooded with the wine that had poured out of the barrel. "Good gracious!" 
gasped Dennis. "What am I to do now?" He didn't dare go in, for before him 
streched a lake of red wine.
   "I'll have to mop it all up," muttered Dennis to himself, "but how? I could
go into the yard and get some sacks of sand, bring them into the cellar and 
scatter the sand over the floor . . . But that's much too hard work. I'd 
better think of something else, now then . . ." Seated on the bottom step, his
elbows on his knees, holding his head in his hands, the lad tried to think of 
a good idea. It really was an alarming situation: there were nearly six inches
of wine all over the floor and in it floated corks, bottles and bits of 
wood . . .
   "I've got it!" Dennis suddenly exclaimed. He picked up one of the bags 
lying on a table, opened it . . . and started to scatter all the flour it 
contained. "Splendid! The flour will absorb the wine and I can walk about the 
cellar without wetting my feet," he cried.
   In no time at all, he had spread not one but five bags of good flour on the
floor. In the end, the floor was covered with a wine-coloured, soft, sticky 
paste, and as he walked on it, it stuck to his shoes. Dennis went to get the 
jug he had filled and carried it in great delight back to the table, leaving 
red footprints everywhere.
   "Mum is going to be really pleased," he said.
   Nevertheless, when he thought of all the mess he had made, he began to fear
a scolding and maybe punishment too. "Never mind," he said, "I'll drink the 
poison and die." So he went to the cupboard and picked up the jar. He thought 
the poison would be a black liquid, but the jar contained a red cream. He 
picked up a spoon and said, "I'll eat it then instead of drinking it."
   Just as he was about to take his first spoonful, he realised how silly he 
was. Nobody should ever eat poison, not even when your name is Dopey Dennis. 
Instead, he decided to hide from his mother so that she would not be able to 
punish him.
   A quarter of an hour later, his mother returned. When she saw the 
overturned furniture, the broken plates and the red footprints, she got a 
fright and cried, "Dennis! What has happened? Where are you? Answer me!"
   There was no reply, but she suddenly noticed a pair of legs sticking out of
the oven.
   "I'm not surprised you are hiding from me, Dennis, after causing all this 
mess," she said. "Well, while I am clearing up after you, you can take this 
roll of cloth to the market and try and sell it for a good price." And she 
handed the boy a roll of cloth as she spoke. "Oh, I will," said Dennis. "Leave
it to me."
   When he got to market, Dennis began to shout, "Cloth! Who'll buy this 
lovely cloth?" Several women came over and asked him,
   "What kind of cloth is it? Is it soft? Is it hard-wearing? Is it dear? How 
long is it? How much does it cost"? Dennis exclaimed:
   "You talk too much, and I don't sell things to chatterboxes," and off he 
went. He passed by a statue and mistook it for a fine gentleman, so he asked 
it, "Sir, would you like to buy this fine cloth? Yes or no? If you don't say 
anything, that means you do. Look here! Do you like it? Yes? Good! Then take 
it," and he left the cloth beside the statue and went home.  
   "Mum! Mum!" he cried. "I've sold the cloth to a very well-dressed 
gentleman!" The woman asked:
   "How much did he give you for it?" Dennis muttered,
   "Oh! I forgot to ask him for the money! Don't worry, I'll go and ask him 
for it." He ran back to the statue but the cloth had gone. Someone had clearly
taken it away. Said Dennis to the statue, "I see you've taken the cloth home 
already. Fine, now give me the money!" Of course, the statue did not reply. 
Dennis repeated his request, then losing his temper, he picked up a stick and 
began to beat the statue about the head . . . which broke off and rolled to 
the ground. Out of the head poured a handful of gold coins, hidden there by 
goodness knows who! Dennis picked up the coins, put the head back in position 
and went home.
   "Look!" he called. And his mother stared in astonishment at this small 
fortune.
   "Who gave you such a good price?" his mother asked him. The lad replied:
   "A very dignified-looking gentleman. He didn't speak, and do you know where
 he kept his money? In his head!" At this, Dennis's mother exclaimed:
   "Dennis, listen! You killed the broody hen, broke the eggs, flooded the 
cellar with wine, wasted five bags of flour, smashed plates, bottles, vases 
and glasses; you nearly ate the cream, if you think you're going to pull my 
leg as well you're badly mistaken! Get out of here!" And grabbing the broom, 
she chased him out of the house.
   "I don't want to see you again till tonight! Off you go into the vegetable 
plot." But, as the boy was sitting on the doorstep and did not budge, his 
exasperated mother picked up the first thing that came within her grasp and 
hurled it at Dennis's head. It was a big basket of dried figs and sultanas. 
Dennis shouted then:
   "Mum! Mum! Quick! Bring a bag! It's raining dry figs and sultanas!" His 
mother slumped into a chair and said sorrowfully:
   "What can I do with a boy like him?"
   Now, since Dennis went about telling folk he had a lot of gold coins, the 
magistrates sent for him. "Where did you find those coins?" they asked him. Dennis replied: 
   "A gentleman gave me them in payment for a roll of cloth." 
   "What gentleman?" said the magistrates severely. 
   "The gentleman that is always standing at the corner of Plane Tree Street 
and Jasmine Road," replied the boy. 
   "But that's a statue!" gasped the magistrates. Dennis said: 
   "He didn't say what his name was, but maybe it is Mr. Statue. He kept his 
money in his head." The magistrates gaped at each other in utter astonishment.
Then the chief magistrate asked: 
   "Tell us, Dennis, when did you do this piece of business?" 
   "It was the day it rained dry figs and sultanas!" the boy replied. Again 
the magistrates exchanged looks, and now certain that Dennis really was dopey,
they said: 
   "You can go home, lad, you're free!" 
   And so Dennis went home and lived there happily with his mother. A bit 
dopey, yes, but he never did anybody any harm, and that's all that counts.
********************	DREAM  SCHOOL **********************
CHAPTER ONE: Early Years
A. First Choices
    Jon was three now, so it was time to find the best possible
pre-kindergarten for him. His parents, Eldon and Marie, were both very well
educated, successful, and brilliant. They insisted on the  best for Jon's
education.
     The Montesorri school downtown was the logical choice, so they started
there. A friendly young woman interviewed them, and gave them the usual sales
pitch. After only a few dozen questions and a large down payment, they
enrolled him for the fall semester. As an afterthought, the young woman told
his parents about a new school just outside the city.
     "It's called the Dream School, and it really is an entirely new type of
school. It doesn't compete directly with the Montesorri-type schools, either
in schedule or subject matter. The hours are entirely at night, one night a
week, all night long. The subject matter is the lessons of life, or what we
can learn from our interactions with other living things"
     The format fascinated them, so the new school was their next stop. It
was located in a sedate neighborhood, mostly older homes with a few quiet
businesses here and there. Nothing really stood out about the new school,
visually. It was in a rather plain office building, with no signs or other
outward indicator that it was a school.
B. First Contact
     They were greeted at the door and taken into a small interview room by
Marla, a professionally dressed young woman. She gave Jon some toys to occupy
him in one corner, while the adults talked.
     "Dream School was founded in September of 2513, almost a year ago" she
began. "My husband Aaron and I started it, with the help of some colleagues
from City University. We did experiments on our basic concept over the past
ten years, so we thought it was time to put it all together and see if it
would fly. To shorten a long story, it does. Now, what would you like to know
first?"
     "Why the odd hours, and how does it work?" asked Jon.
     "The hours are for secrecy, actually. For reasons which I will explain
shortly, we don't want the children to be aware of their presence in our
school. To achieve that, we ask the parents to  wait until the children have
fallen asleep naturally, and then spray a mild sedative into their nostrils.
After a few minutes, the child can safely be brought here without waking him
or her."
     "We then administer a neuro-relaxer, which keeps the child in a state
similar to hypnosis. Neither completely asleep nor awake, he will be in an
in-between state where his awareness is in the region commonly called the
sub-conscious mind. The child will remain in this state for about six hours,
depending on his age and physical condition. During this time he will
actively engage in our learning process. After that, he will be sedated again
and return home. Since he won't get his normal REM and deep sleep that night,
we limit his dream school to one night a week."
     "Your second question will require a bit more detail to answer. Our
concept begins with safety, first, and foremost. We constantly monitor all
his vital signs, both by machine and live personnel. The room in which he
will experience our process is completely child-proof, as far as is possible
to make it. All walls and floors are padded, as well as other fixtures and
furniture. There will be qualified medical personnel and facilities always
present. " 
     "Of course, these are standard procedures for such a process as ours,
but we don't stop there. We also monitor his emotional state electronically,
and stop any inter-action which is excessively stressful."
    "And that brings us to the heart of the matter, our process. As you have
heard, we teach the same lessons everyone learns in life by dealing with
pain, stress, pleasure, guilt, and the whole range of emotions. Here he will
learn not only how to handle emotions and to interact with other living
things, but also about himself. So why, you may ask, does he need a school to
learn the lessons of life? He doesn't need it to learn the lessons. He needs
it to learn the lessons sooner, and safer."
     "Wouldn't it be wonderful, for example, to know that he had learned not
to run into a busy street without any risk while learning? That he had
learned not to pick up a poisonous reptile, without having to risk a fatal
bite? And in addition to safety issues, how about social skills? Suppose he
learned not to hit smaller children, without getting the reputation of a
bully? Or not to lie to everyone, without making a permanent habit of it? And
suppose he learned to respect that people are different from but not inferior
to him, without first becoming a racist? And last, suppose he learns why he
has annoying, counter- productive habits that make him unpopular, before he
becomes an outcast?"
     "Now you have the basic concept for our school. All that remains is to
explain the process by which we achieve our concept. This is where it gets a
little technical, but with your backgrounds I think you can keep up."
     "The neuro-relaxer we use does not interfere with the normal senses of
the brain. What it does, instead, is allow us to add to the normal senses an
extra perception of objects and living creatures that our computer creates.
These extra-sensory sensations enter the consciousness of the student through
microscopic receivers, surgically placed under his scalp. The computer
transmits radio-wave signals to these devices. They then send small
electrical pulses to the appropriate brain area for that sensory input. In
effect, the student sees, hears, smells, and feels the imaginary objects and
living creatures created by our computer."
     "Our computer has memories not only of millions of objects and people,
but also billions of reactions to specific actions the student might take.
For example suppose your son was talking to a computer-generated friend (a
composite of thousands of real children whose reactions were on record). And
then suppose for no reason other than curiosity he hit this friend."
     "The computer would instantly choose the reaction which was most
appropriate to the situation. So, the imaginary child might cry and run away,
or it might knock your son on his backside. The blow to your child's face
would be imaginary, and do no physical harm. He would perceive it as real,
however, and fall on his behind on the padded floor. And the pain would be
real, but temporary."
     "Do you follow me so far?"
     Two heads nodded up and down in unison.
     "There is really no way to predict how your son will react to his
encounters here, just as there is no way to predict his reactions in real
life. And, as in real life, some people just learn faster and better than
others. And some will use these experiences to become more kind and just to
other living creatures. Others will use them to learn how to gain advantage
over their fellow life-forms, and to seek out all available pleasures."
     "In that respect, what we mainly do is to accelerate the process by
which the child becomes what the child has the potential to become. However,
for any parents who desire help, we have a behaviour modification program
which is Skinnerian in design. In close consultation with the parents, we can
program the computer to stimulate discomfort centers of the brain when the
child acts inappropriately, and comfort centers when a reward is indicated.
We'll keep you fully informed of his actions and reactions in our sessions,
and we encourage you to take whatever corrective measures at home which you
feel appropriate. Just connect your corrections to his real life actions,
because he won't recall any events from our sessions while he is in his
normal conscious state."
C. First Questions
     "So you offer intervention  or non-intervention. What data do you have
on the results of your process so far?" Marie inquired.
     "The best data we have is the parents opinions. Our subject matter,
quite frankly, is still the subject of much debate in the academic community.
We'll open our books to you and you can interview whomever you care to."  
     "How many students do you have?" inquired Eldon.
     "Currently, we have seven hundred. Seventy-five percent are from the
city, and twenty percent are from your area. You could start interviewing
from that list if you wish. My only request is that you maintain the
confidentiality principle when you are around their children."
     "Understood. How do you get so many students into this building?"
     "It might be easier to show you. Would you care to take the short tour?"
     "O.K."
     "We have eleven floors in this building. The first floor is
administrative and technical support area. All the other floors are
identical. Pick a number from two to eleven."
     "Six."
     "Follow me"
D. First  Sight
     The elevator door opened on the sixth floor to reveal a long hallway,
with hallways leading off to the right and left.
     "Straight ahead, please."
     The hallway then led to a circular room with ten doors arranged evenly
around the curved walls. Each door had a large window with one-way glass. In
the center of the room there was a three sided console with a small desk area
and a monitor on each side. At the front edge of each desk stood a small
microphone on a flexible stalk. Each desk had a comfortable-looking office
chair under it.
	This is our monitoring room for the floor. Each door is an emergency
entrance and visual monitoring gate to a room. We always have three people
here when students are present, and they are  qualified in emergency medical
procedures. The desks are electronic monitoring stations, and each desk
monitors all ten rooms. The programs for the students run from the first
floor main computer, and that is also where our resident physician is
stationed."
     "Each room is accessible from the outside of the circle. The child is
brought in through the door from the outside hallway, and the inside door
remains closed except for emergencies. As you can see the rooms are quite
drab, to give the extra-sensory images less competition."
     "So you have ten floors with ten rooms each" said Marie. That's one
hundred times seven nights or seven hundred. So you are full now, right?"
     "Right. And there is a waiting list. But the list moves fairly quickly,
and I think we would be able to enroll Jon in a month or two."
     "Why does the list move quickly?" Eldon inquired.
     "For financial reasons, mostly."
     "What financial reasons?" asked Eldon, with mild apprehension.
     "We try to be fair about our tuition, but we do have a very expensive
process here. Our solution is to ask for a percentage of the gross income of
the parents. The rate is indexed to your income, and increases to a maximum
of five percent for the highest bracket. Which bracket are you in?"
     "Ten million a year, combined." replied Eldon.
     "The rate for your level is two percent. So, that would be sixteen
thousand, six hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-six cents per month of
attendance," Marla informed them, without breaking eye contact. "Is that too
steep for you?"
     "Not if you can do what you say you can," replied Eldon.
     "We'll do some interviews with the parents on your list for our area,
and get back to you" said Marie.
     "Fine" replied Marla. "And we can put Jon on the list as a tentative
entrant, with no obligation to you except to have an answer for us when his
name comes up."
     "Thanks, that sounds fine" said Eldon. E. First Research
     Three weeks later, Eldon and Marie had interviewed fifteen couples in
their neighborhood about the new school. Twelve had nothing but praise, two
were noncommittal, and one wanted their money back. Eldon tried to explain
that he had no connection to the management of Dream School. The elderly
couple was adamant, however, that he should do something about their
complaint. He promised that he would look into it.
     Two more weeks passed before the call came from Dream School.
     "What have you decided?"
     "Oh, we want to enroll Jon right away, in the intervention program"
replied Marie. "And Eldon has a question for you."
     Eldon was assured that the elderly couple had not been promised that
their granddaughter would make better grades in kindergarten because of Dream
School.
     Everything was in place now for Jon to begin on Friday. New students
were started on Friday or Saturday until their reaction to sleep deprivation
was evaluated, Marla told them.
     Jon fell asleep early Friday night.
CHAPTER 2: First  Awakenings
A. First  Suspicions
     Jon was twelve now, and doing just fine in the sixth grade. He had a
friend named Eric, and they did almost everything together.
     And so it was that one bright winter morning the two boys walked to
school together.
     "Aaa-chooo!" went Eric.
     "Couldn't be allergies this time of year" said Jon. "You must have the
yellow death, or something."
     "Yea, I guess so. Mom sprayed something in my nose last night, but I 
guess it wasn't enough."
     "Mom sprays my nose sometimes, too. I don't know what's in it for sure,
but it puts me right to sleep if I'm awake."
     "I asked Mom about it once, and she said it was to keep me from having
bad dreams. But I still have them, anyway."
     "Really? My mom said it was to keep little bugs out of my nose while I
sleep. But I think that was like the tooth fairy story, or maybe it's just
not the same stuff you get."
     "Maybe not. Why don't you see if you can find it, and bring it to
school? I saw the little bottle mine comes in, and I can tell if it's the
same."
     "You bring yours, too. If they are the same, somebody at school might
know what it is."
     "O.K.."
     On the way to school the next morning, two identical bottles are
produced from two little pockets.
     "Hey, these are the same!" said Jon. "They can't be for both bugs and
bad dreams. Somebody has been pulling our chains!"
     "Yeah. Let's take them to the nurse and ask her about them. She'd know,
for sure!"
     "Well, let's see now" said Nurse Roydon. "It says in the fine print
here, return to DS Corporation if found. It has a phone number, and a post
office box number. That's about all I can make out on it, that makes any
sense. Just where did you boys get this, anyway?"
     Two little heads went blank. If they said they found it, the nurse would
call the phone number. If they said it belonged to one of their parents,
she'd want to know why they had brought it to her.
     "It's my allergy medicine" said Eric, after a pause. "I just wondered if
you could tell us what was in it."
     "Why in the world would you want to know that?"
     Eric's eyes stared into space, his mouth partly open.
     "It's for a science project" declared Jon. "We're supposed to find out
about chemicals we come in contact with every day. Then we're supposed to do
a report on each one." 
     "Yeah"  said Eric.
     Nurse Roydon stared at them for a moment, like a skeptical buyer at a
horse auction.
     "Whose science class are you two in?"
     Total silence.
     "You don't know?"
     Total silence, with heads dropped.
     "Let's go talk to Principal Newcomb."
     "Good morning, Miss Roydon"  said the tall, menacing figure in the main
office.
     "Good morning, sir. I have two mutes here, and a very mysterious little
bottle."
     "Traumatic loss of voice, I suppose"  said the tall man as he stared
down at the two silent boys.
     "Yes sir, I think so" replied the nurse with a little grin. "And here is
the mystery bottle they brought me." 
     "Not much information on it" remarked the principal. "What is this,
boys?"
     "Allergy medicine, sir" replied Eric in a subdued voice.
     "Well, that seems plausible. What's wrong with this picture, Miss
Roydon?"
     "It's the cock and bull story that goes with it, sir. It seems that they
have a science project that involves this bottle. But they can't remember who
their science teacher is."
     "Well, now, that's easy enough. These two aren't taking science this
year."
     Two little heads drooped even lower.
     "I'll bet their parents could help us straighten this out real quick"
said the tall man.
     "We're not supposed to have it" declared Jon, softly. 
     "And you're not supposed to tell whoppers, either" added Nurse Roydon.
     And so ended their first attempt to solve the mystery of the little
bottles. Their curiosity would not be held at bay for long, though. They had
already discovered that their mothers had given them conflicting information
about the bottles. And that genie couldn't be put back in the bottle.
B. Second Suspicions
     "Mom, Eric's mom uses the same spray on him, and she says it's to
prevent nightmares" said Jon. "How can it do that and keep bugs out, too?"
     "Two ingredients, maybe?"
     "Oh."
     That seemed to satisfy him for a few minutes. Then another doubt plagued
him.
     "Why doesn't it have the name of the medicine on it, like other medicine
bottles?"
     "For privacy, Jon. You don't want other people to know that you have
nightmares, do you?"
     "I guess not."
     Jon was learning the art of ad-lib from the master. He would accept her
revised explanation for a few more months. .C.Third Suspicions
     Then came summer, and Jon and Eric were off to camp.
     "Hey Eric, I hear there are a lot of bugs around here. Did you bring
that spray bottle?"
     "No, mom didn't pack it. How about you?"
     "Nope. I guess I'll be too busy for nightmares here."
     "Oh, here's some insect stuff. I guess this is supposed to do the same
thing" said Eric.
     "You going to spray that stuff up your nose?" asked Jon.
     "Nah, this stuff is in a rub-on stick. I wonder why Mom doesn't use this
stuff at home?"
     "Beats me. I wonder why Mom didn't think I'd have any nightmares here?"
     "Did you ever hear of that DS Corporation anywhere?"
     "Nope. Maybe we ought to call that phone number on the bottles and see
what it is."
     "Here's a dollar. You dial, and I'll talk."
     "Good morning, this is the DS Corporation. If you have found one of our
medicine bottles, please press one. If you need information, press two."
     "Beep."
     "This is Chris, how may I help you?"
     "What kind of place is this?"
     "It's a medicine factory. We make nasal sprays with all kinds of
medications in them. Your doctor tells us what to put in it for you, and we
send it to him. Would you like to order some nasal sprays?"
     "No, thanks. I was just curious."
     "Click."
     Eric relayed the conversation to Jon, and they sifted through the
details.
     "I still think they are shucking us!" said Jon. "It just doesn't add
up."
     "Yeah, I know, but how are we going to get some answers? There's no way
for us to find out what's really in those bottles without our folks finding
out first!"
     "Maybe there is. Suppose that medicine in those little bottles was
replaced by just plain water. Then, whatever it was supposed to do, wouldn't
happen. If I started to have a bunch of nightmares, or you got bugs in your
nose, we'd know they were telling us the truth. If something else happened,
then we'd know what it was really for!"
     "Excellent plan, Jon. When are you going to do it?"
     "We're both going to do it, Eric, just as soon as we get home."
     And so, the great plan was carried out.
D. The Great Plan
     Fifteen minutes after his nose was sprayed with water, Jon heard voices.
     "Is it time?"
     "Yes, it's been fifteen minutes. There comes the transport now."
     Jon did his best sleeping imitation.
     Upon his arrival at Dream School, he was given the usual neuro-relaxer
spray. Jon went off to dreamland.
     "What happened to you?" Eric asked Jon. "You look like you've seen a
ghost!"
     Jon carefully related all the details of his abduction the previous
night. Right up to ten minutes after his second nasal spray, at which time
his memory stopped.
     "What about you?" asked Jon.
     "Nah, I usually get mine tomorrow night. I'll let you know."
     "Try to notice where you are. I lost track, and I think they had the
windows covered. If you can, memorize the turns you make."
     "What am I going to do if they give me a squirt in the nose at that
place, like they did you?"
     "You'll go to sleep, I believe."
     Sure enough, when the boys compared notes two days later, their
experiences had been identical. But Eric had managed to memorize the turns,
starts, and stops of his trip.
     The following Saturday, the boys set out to find their tormentors.
     They found the neighborhood all right, but then they were stumped. There
was no DS Corporation in sight, and  they had neglected to get a street
address.
     "Now what?" queried Eric.
     "Simple" replied Jon. "What time do you have to be home?"
     "Midnight. I told them I was going to a concert."
     "Excellent. Here's the plan. We know what the transports look like,
right? So we hang out here a few hours, and wait for one of them to come
along."
     "Then we follow it, right?"
     "Brilliant!"
     Actually, it was a fairly good plan. And it worked. By half past ten,
the boys were at the DS building.
     "How are we going to get in?" asked a slightly nervous Eric.
     "We're not, at least not yet. Look for a dumpster."
     "What for?"
     "My Dad says: You are known by your trash."
     "What's that mean?"
     "Didn't you ever watch a detective show? That's how they catch a lot of
bad guys. They search through their trash to find out what they've been up
to. Then they use it in court as evidence."
     After an hour of searching through old business papers, lunch scraps,
and dirty paper towels, they gave up. As they left the dumpster, Jon noticed
a small plastic bottle. Since they were close to curfew, he stuffed it in his
pocket for later inspection.
     Riding home on the bus, the young adventurers examined their discovery.
     "This little bottle has a label!" said Eric, excitedly.
     "Yes, but it's empty. And we can't even pronounce the words on this
label, much less know what it's for."
     "Well I'm sure not going to take it to school, that's for certain!" said
Eric, with determination.
     "Right," said Jon, with a little grin. "This time we're going to be a
little more careful. Who do we know that we can trust?"
     "I have a cousin who takes graduate courses in chemistry." 
     "Perfect."
CHAPTER 3: The Big Discovery
A. The Accomplice
     "Hey, Rasheed!"
     "How ya doin', cuz?"
     "Great! Are you still majoring in chemistry?"
     "Biochemistry, actually. I'm working on a graduate degree in biochemical
engineering. Why?"
     "I thought maybe you could tell me what was in this bottle" said Eric,
as he handed Rasheed the small plastic discovery from the dumpster.
     Rasheed quickly produced a magnifying glass from his pocket, and
examined the object.
     "Where did you get this?" asked Rasheed, in a demanding voice.
     Momentarily, Eric thought he was back in Nurse Roydon's office.
     "We found it" he managed to say.
     "Who's `we', and where did you find it?"
     "Me and Jon, uh, that is Jon and me..."
     "Jon and I."
     "Yeah. Anyway we found it in a dumpster behind a place they call D.S.
Corporation."
     "Oh yeah, I've heard of that place. What were you doing there?"
     "Some kid we know goes there, we think. We were just wondering what they
gave him to keep him from remembering what happens to him."
     "This could be it, all right. It's a powerful drug, which can put you
into a semi-hypnotic state. You wouldn't recall anything that happened while
you were under."
     "So what could this kid do about it, say, if he didn't like what they
were doing to him?"
     "Well, he could stay awake one time, I guess. That way he could see for
himself what was going on."
     "But how? You said yourself, that's powerful stuff!"
     "Yea, that's true. But everything has it's antidote, even if it hasn't
been found yet. For this particular drug there is a well known antidote,
commonly available by prescription."
     "How am I going to get some of that?"
     "You're not, probably. But tell me something, squirt. What is this
friend's name?"
     A very informative silence followed.
     "Would it be Jon or Eric?"
     Eric figured he had nothing to lose, since he could go no further by
himself.
     "Yeah, both" he confessed.
     "I thought so. I suppose I really should ask your parents before going
any further with this."
     "Yeah, that's what everybody else does" said Eric, with a sigh.
     "Hey, they're pretty neat people" said Rasheed. "I think they will give
you a fair shake."
     "Couldn't we just drop the whole thing?"
     "Sure, no harm done so far. But what would you do about the great
mystery? Hey, I'd like to know myself!"
     "You're right. One way or another, I've got to know."
     "So, let's go and talk to your parents." B. The Confrontation
     Eric's parents, Max and Jinny, were calm about the whole thing. They
