whatever).  
Gretchen, in her infinite boredom, suggests to Hans, ``While we walk
to the end of the dock, why don't you count the number of slats used
to build it, and I'll count the number of slits between the slats?''
Hans replies, ``Ja, sehr gut, I will count the slats, and you will
count the slits.''
So the couple merrily troops down the dock.  Hans counts, ``One
slat!''
Gretchen counts, ``One slit!''  
``Two slats!''
``Two slits!''
And, well, you know how the natural numbers work.  Eventually Hans and
Gretchen approach the end of the dock.
``327 slats!''
``327 slits!''
``328 slats!''
They reach the end of the dock.  Gretchen is puzzled.
``Hans!  There are no more slits!  What does it mean?''
Hans turns to Gretchen and says (brace yourselves),
		``When you're out of slits, you're out of pier!''
[Father Goose #?]
Once upon a time, these two women were talking and the one asks the other how
many times she's been married, and the reply was 4.  'Four times!' exclaimed
the first girl, why so many?
So the other girl said:
   'Well, I first got married when I was very young, and I married this 
    wonderful man who was a banker.  However, one day just a few weeks after
    we were married, his bank was robbed and he was shot and killed.'
'Oh my gosh, that's terrible'  the first girl said.
   'Well, it wasn't that tragic.  Soon after that, I started seeing another
    man who performed in the circus.  He was really a great guy, but he lived
    pretty dangerously because he performed his high-wire act without a net.
    Well, a few weeks after we got married, he was performing a show and
    suddenly a gust of wind came by and knocked him off his wire and he was
    killed.'
'Your second husband was killed too?!!?  That's horrible!'
   'Yes, it was terrible, but at the funeral I fell in love with the minister
    and we got married soon after that.  Unfortunately, one Sunday while he
    was walking to church, he was hit by a car and killed.'
'Three???  Three husbands of yours were killed?  How could you live through
 all that?'
   'It was pretty tough, but then I met my present husband.  And he's a
    wonderful man.  I think we'll live a long happy life together.'
'And what does your present husband do for a living?'
   'He's a mortician.'
'A mortician?  I don't understand something here.  First you marry a banker,
 then a circus performer, then a minister, and now a mortician?  Why such a
 diverse grouping of husbands?'
   'Well, if you think about it it's not too hard to understand...
   		One for the money...
   		Two for the show...
   		Three to get ready...
   		And four to go!'
[Father Goose #40]
Once upon a time, in a far-off land, there was a kingdom
in which the king was fond of history and ancient things.
He would collect historical objects, dress in royal threads
from bygone eras, and generally try to live ancient traditions.
One day the king issued a royal proclamation, as kings are
wont to do now and then.  Of course, he wrote the proclamation
in the language of 200 years ago, rich in antiquated spellings,
obsolete words, now-defunct verb forms, etc.
The general population, of course, could make neither head nor
tail of the proclamation.  A vast legal muddle ensued.  The
courts, called upon to untangle the mess, pronounced a ruling
that, henceforth, all royal proclamations must be written in
modern, currently accepted prose.  In other words,
	We can't have archaic and edict, too.
[Father Goose #41]
     I once had a friend named Joe Gordon.  He was a miner who
worked down in southeast Ohio in the coal mines.  One fine Monday
morning in the spring, Joe was shaving and listening to the radio
when the disk jockey said, "... and we hope you all remembered 
that Daylight Savings time started over the weekend.  Otherwise,
you're an hour late!"
     "Oh no!" Joe thought to himself.  "I'm going to be late for
work!!"  So Joe hopped in his car and drove off to work.
     Now, it just so happens that in the area where Joe lived,
the roads were very narrow, and little more than ruts in the
ground.  It was impossible to pass anyone on these roads.  There-
fore, you can understand how upset Joe got when he rounded a hill
and saw in front of him a little old lady driving 3 miles per hour!!
After about five minutes of this, Joe got really ticked.  He was
thinking of someway to get rid of this lady, when he saw an emergency
telephone off to the side of the road.  So what does he do?  He hops
out of his car, runs over to the phone booth, and calls the cops,
who come and arrest the little old lady!!  Do you know what the
charges were???
Simple:  Contributing to the delinquency of a miner !!!
[Father Goose #42]
A young woman got married a few years back.  Her husband was a service
respresentative for a well-known computer firm, and was kept out of the house
a great deal by equipment that kept breaking, his beeper, and his boss.
About a year ago, his brother got back from an expedition in central
Australia, collecting sand specimens for his dissertation in comparative
soil mechanics.  He had no where else to stay and no money, so he moved in
with the happy couple.  That's when the trouble began.
This brother really liked baked ham.  But he always remembered the way his
father died, choking on a clove bud which had decorated the top of the
ham.  If there were just a few cloves in the ham, he wouldn't say anything.
But if there were more than three, he would get up and storm out of the
room.
One day the brother came home late from work.  He had been making repairs
to his triaxial test machine, and boy was he hungry!  The problem was that
the baked ham had four cloves, and (because he was late) it was too well done.
Our intrepid service representative got home later that night, and found his
wife making airline reservations to go home to her mother in East Snapbeckon.
"What are you making reservations for?"  He asked.
    "I'm booking over that four-clove leaver, though I've overcooked before!"
[Father Goose #43]
This frog walks into a bank to get a loan.  He steps up to the
counter and asks for an application from the clerk, Patty Wack.
"Hi, I'd like to fill out an application for a loan", said
the frog.  Patty Wack replied, "Do you have any collateral for
this loan;  something to stand against your loan."  The frog
replied, "All I have is this statue of a unicorn."  "Well,
I don't know," said Patty Wack, "I'll have to ask the manager about 
this."  Patty Wack goes to see the bank manager.  The bank manager
looks at the statue and replies:
	 "Knick Knack, Patty Wack. Give the frog a loan."
[Father Goose #44]
A group of guys used to get together once a week to play poker.  Well, one of
the guys died; but his ghost continued to join in the poker games as before.
On one of these evenings, the ghost got five beautiful hearts in his very first
hand, and he bet his stack.
Unfortunately, one of the flesh-and-blood players had a full house and raked in
the pot -- another case where the spirit was willing but the flush was weak.
[Father Goose #45]
	It seems there were two frogs sitting on a lilly pad, when all
of a sudden, a fly came along.  One frog put out his tongue, ate the
fly, and started laughing histerically.  Soon the other frog joined
in the laughter.
	Later in the day, the other frog ate a fly and the two frogs
burst out in laughter.  As time went on, the frogs enjoyed the flies so
much that the sight of a fly would cause them to double up with pleasure 
(if it's possible for frogs to double up!).  But of course, the most
pleasure came when the fly was actually eaten.
	A third frog hopped up to the first two and asked what 
was so funny.  The first frog answered "Time." "Huh?" asked the third frog.
The second frog exlained:
         "Time's fun when your having flies"  
[Father Goose #46]
      Back in the days of the old west, somewhere in Kansas, there lived a
   rancher named Fred Holt.
     
      One day Fred found himself in need of supplies so he headed off to town
   to restock. After picking up all he needed, Fred decided to stop off at
   the local saloon for a warm one (no refrigerators in the old west).
     
      As he was standing there quietly drinking his beer, who should
   approach but his neighbor Sam Leed. Now Sam was in a vile mood concerning
   a certain fence that Fred had recently erected. Sam felt that open range
   should remain open and told Fred this in no uncertain terms. A violent
   argument ensued, ending only when the two parties were pulled off of each
   other and escorted out of town.
     
      Fred went on home and settled in for the night, but about midnight was
   suddenly awakened by a commotion. He looked out and discovered that his
   house was on fire. Quickly he gathered his family and managed to get them
   all to safety. The house was a total loss, however. Fred hitched up his
   wagon and headed off to town. When he told the people what had happened,
   they were outraged. There was law coming into Kansas and this wasn't
   tolerable. A possee was immediately formed and Sam was arrested.
     
      Now it just so happened that that great detective Charlie Chan
   happened to be passing through town on his way to California. It seemed
   that something was funny about this case, so he decided to stay awhile
   and investigate. He headed out to Fred's ranch and proceeded to look for
   clues. Right away, it was apparent that the fire had been set. An empty
   kerosene can and a suspicious odor said that this was no accident. Poking
   around a bit, Mr Chan found buried in the dirt an old, somewhat
   decomposing breechcloth, possibly discarded by one of the conscript labor
   party that had built the railroad. Most interesting, since the railroad
   tracks were ten miles distant. He was onto something, but needed another
   clue to tie it up. He found it in the form of a handbill, crumpled and
   discarded in the corner of the barn. 
     
      Unfolding it he read "Have you seen this coin? This 1832 half dollar is
   worth over $1000. We will pay you hard cash for this coin and others like
   it. Write for free list. J. Abernathy, coin broker, Boston".
     
      Now he had all he needed to free Sam. He headed back toward town. When
   he arrived, he noticed that no one was around. The town was deserted, and
   worse still, the jail was empty, its door smashed. Realizing that trouble
   was brewing, Charlie started running. As he neared Hanging Rock, he could
   hear the angry roar of mob justice.
     
      He entered the clearing and fought his way through the crowd while
   yelling "Stop. You are making a big mistake. You are about to hang the
   wrong man. The real culprit is The Lone Ranger."
     
      The crowd stopped and gasped. Sam, a rope already placed around his
   neck, looked visibly relieved. The mob leader looked down and asked "The
   Lone Ranger? How could that possibly be?"
     
      Charlie paused, smiled, and replied "It has to be. All the clues point
   to it...
         
         A fiery 'stead with the spite of Leed
         A clout of dust
         And a hearty 'Buy old Silver'
         
      Who else could it have been?" 
[Father Goose #47]
Once upon a time, bad King John raised a mighty army and set
out to conquer the known world.  After a series of
successful campaigns, the remaining kings realized that
their lone efforts would never prevail.  They had to band
together under the leadership of the best general they had -
"George-the-Turk".
George the Turk had promised that he would defeat bad King
John's army and would place him on a rack - in a public
display - so that no one would ever again try to conquer the
world.
While George the Turk was assembling his army and scouting
out bad King John, he also ordered his engineers to design
and build the largest rack here-to-fore made.  The rack was
then fitted with wheels and required 40 horses to pull it.
When all was ready, George the Turk set out to do battle.
Bad King John, who was camped by a river enjoying the spoils
of his latest victory, had not yet gotten word of George the
Turk's army.  George the Turk knew that his army must attack
quickly before Bad King John could prepare a defense.  But,
alas, the 40 horse team pulling the large rack could not
keep up with the troops.  George the Turk ordered more
horses to be teamed, but, still they lagged.  George the
Turk remembered that Hannibul was not too far away in the
mountains with a herd of elephants.  Elephants would be
better than horses for pulling the rack.  So, George the
Turk sent his second-in-command to Hannibul to rent enough
elephants for the job.  Hannibul agreed and also sent along
his best elephant handler.
This elephant handler quickly realized the importance of his
unique position in George the Turk's army and insisted that
he be given the title of "elephant engineer" and a huge pay
raise.  George the Turk agreed with the title and the pay
raise.
The rack, powered by elephants and driven by the "elephant
engineer" , kept pace with the rapidly moving army.
Late one night they arrived at the enemy camp by the river.
George the Turk deployed his troops to cut off any avenue of
escape and issued the order to attack at dawn - on his
command.  He also ordered the rack to be positioned on the
highest hill overlooking bad King John's camp.  This site
was the perfect spot to publically display bad King John -
to show the world what happens to anyone who dares to try to
conquer the world.
With dawn approaching George the Turk goes to the top of the
hill beside the rack so that everyone can see his command to
attack: when his sword drops ---ATTACK !!!!!
All is quiet.  The enemy camp is asleep.  Every man is
waiting for the signal.  The first ray of sunlight strikes
the helmet of George the Turk.  He draws his sword slowly
and holds it over his head.  The sunlight gleams off the
blade --- and scares the elephants that are hitched to the
rack.  They start trumpeting and rearing and the elephant
engineer can't control then.  He drops the reins and clings
onto the rack for dear life.  The rack breaks loose from the
team and starts rolling down the hill -- straight for the
enemy camp.
All this noise wakes bad King John.  He orders an aide to go
outside the tent to see what is the cause.  The aide takes a
hard look, comes back into the tent, and reports:
"As near as I can tell --
	it's a rambling rack from George the Turk with an elephant
	engineer" !!!
[Father Goose #48]
There was once a very influential farmer in an obscure part of China.
He had a problem, for which he sought the counsel of the two wise men
in town.  So he summons the two wise men, Hing, who is an scientist,
and Ming, who is a sorcerer, and requests that they find a cure for
his chickens who are losing their feathers and dying.
Hing decides to pay a visit to his mentor at the Agricultural
Extension of the local Community College, under whom he studied many
years ago.  The mentor recommends the book "Everything You Always
Wanted to Know About Diseases of Chickens, But Were Afraid to Ask".
So Hing visits the library, borrows the book, and finds inside the
report of a study that finds that feeding the chickens with an
infusion of gum tree leaves is often a cure for chickens losing their
feathers.
Meanwhile back at the ranch, Ming reads obscure writings of ancient
wise men, he meditates, and he reads tarot cards.  He also tries to
read the entrails of a fetal pig.  Getting no inspiration he uses his
old standby, reading tea leaves.  In a spark of discovery, he decides
that an infusion of gum tree leaves is the cure.
On the appointed day, at the appointed time, and at the appointed
place, the two wise men report back to the influential Chinese farmer.
Ming reports "As gum sticks to tables and chairs, so shall an infusion
of gum tree leaves make feathers stick to chickens."  Hing agrees,
saying "Four out of five ornithologists recommend sugarless infusions
of gum tree leaves for their chickens who lose their feathers."  The
influential Chinese farmer is ecstatic, for the two wisest men in town
are of a single mind.
He decides to carry out their advice, and it does not succeed.  The
moral of this story is "All of Hing's courses and all of Ming's ken
couldn't get gum tea to feather a hen."
[Father Goose #49]
A certain African tribe, mostly swineherds and fishermen, lived on the
shores of a bay; the bay had treacherous currents and water turgid with
sand, but fishing was good and the tribe propered. They attributed this
to their sacrifices -- a prize boar each year to every tribal god except
the sea-god, who got a gorilla. (A wise chieftan a few generations back
had substituted gorilla sacrifice for human).
One year, the tribesmen could not capture a gorilla. The chieftan asked
the tribal wise-woman, the surviving member of a Swedish explorer couple
who had gone native and lived with the tribe for many happy years, if they
should substitute their best boar for the gorilla.  She was strongly against
it, even to the point of suggesting herself as a human sacrifice; he was
horrified and reminded her that porcine offerings had always pleased the
other gods.
The time of sacrifice arrived. With prayers for the sea-god's mercy, the
shamans went through the usual rituals with the boar instead of the gorilla,
culminating in its being taken to the middle of the bay and having its throat
cut as it was thrown in. Nothing went wrong and the next year was as prosperous
as usual. After that, pigs replaced gorillas.
MORAL: Let a swine be your gorilla in a grainy, grainy bay. And if your Swede
decries, just tell her that a swine will always pay...
[Father Goose #50]
     When South Vietnam was nearing its end, and General Minh was in charge, 
a popular artist came to him and asked to make a statue in his honor (at 
government expense).
     "Please, General Minh, you are the people's hero," he told him.
     "Yes, but make the sculpture in bronze," replied the general.
     So the artist made the sculpture, but when it was unveiled in a small 
private ceremony, the general was furious.  For the sculpture was made in 
gold.
     "I want bronze," he said, "I want bronze!"
     The artist went away in a hurry, deeply impressed with this show of 
humility.  But he still wanted to honor the general, so he made the next 
sculpture in silver.
     But again the general was furious.
     "I want bronze," he said, "I want bronze!"
     This time the artist made the sculpture out of bronze as asked.  When 
the sculpture was revealed to the general, he was overjoyed at the wonderful 
bronze likeness.  The artist then complimented the general on his deep 
humility.
      This notion confused him very much.
     "But why did you want sculpture made of bronze?"
     "Why?  I'll tell you why," said the general. 
 		"Because General Minh prefer bronze!"
[Father Goose #51]
	Maggie and Tom are a couple with a passion for ice cream.  They 
stopped at the local ice creamery, then returned to their car with double 
scoops of chocolate almond fudge.
	No sooner had they settled back to enjoy their cones than two birds 
landed on the car hood and began to chirp and flutter and peck at the 
windshield.  Finally Maggie rolled down her window and placed the rest of 
her cone on the hood.  The birds quieted down and began to eat the cone.
	"Maggie, you're wonderful," said Tom.  "How did you think
of doing that?"
	"Oh, it wasn't hard to figure out," said Maggie.  "It's just another 
example of stilling two birds with one's cone."
[Father Goose #52]
	After several years of happy marriage, a man was getting ready for his
anniversary.  Their two children had been shipped off to the grandparents -
a very nice dinner for two had been ordered from the local caterer, and he
and his wife were preparing for a very quiet romantic evening at home.  He
had already gotten his wife's anniversary present - a diamond brooch, but
decided that a further touch would be neccesary.  His wife had a fondness for
gardening and flowers, her favorite being Anemones, and he thought he would
present her with such a plant to replace one that had been knocked over by
their younger child several days earlier.  So, on his way home from work,
just before he picked up the warming tray from the Caterer and the bottle
of champagne from the liquor store (Dom Perignon, of course), he stopped at
the Florist to pick up a live Anemone.  Alas, however, the florist had sold his
last one earlier in the afternoon and was not going to get in a new shipment
until Monday.  Heartbroken though he was, the man was persuaded by the
florist to instead buy a Boston Fern, which were on sale that week.
	Arriving home, after carrying in the food and champagne, the man
presented his wife with the fern, and added that he had another suprise for
her.  As he reached for the brooch, he mentioned about his first choice of
plants, and was about to apologize, but his wife stilled him.
	"After all," she said, "with fronds like these, who needs Anemones."
[Father Goose #53]
	It was the time of the year for the caretaker of the Church to
clean, fix, maintain, and restore the character of the Church, and this
year those duties included painting the steeple, which had not been done
in several years.  He dutifully went about the work, erecting scaffolding,
and climbing up, taking his paint, his brushes, water to clean the brushes,
and a bit of drinking water, since it was a fairly hot day.
	While he was painting, he realized that he would not have enough
paint to finish the steeple, and he did not feel at all like climbing down
the scaffolding and going back to the workshop to mix some more paint.
Seeing the water for washing the brushes, he came up with the idea to
make the paint he had go further, so he added the water to his paint, and
continued on.  
	As he was nearing completion of the steeple, he realized that the
paint he had, albeit watered down, would still not be enough to finish the
job, so he added what was left of his drinking water and finished the job
with just a few drops of paint to spare.
	More releived than anything else, he climbed down the scaffolding
and started to hurry back to his workshop behind the Church, for after all,
he was dehydrated, and his unwashed brushes were beginning to set, when there
was a Clap of Thunder, a Bolt of Lightening, the sky blackened and a
heavenly Voice proclaimed:
	Repaint!  Repaint!  And thin no more!
[Father Goose #54]
       Three guys, one from Russia, one from Czechoslovakia and one from
 Poland, are in Canada for a conference.  They decide to take advantage
 of their rare visit by doing something that people do when they're in
 Canada.
       The Canadian diplomats suggest a camping trip, and, ignoring the
 forest rangers' warnings of recent bear sightings in the area they plan 
 to visit, the three travelers set off.
       Three days later, the men are long overdue.  The Canadian forest
 service dispatches a search party to the ares, and sure enough, they
 discover a ravaged and deserted campsite and three bloated bears lying
 dead a few yards away -- two she-bears and a he-bear.
       One of the team is sent forward to investigate, and he promptly
 knifes open the two females.  Just as he had feared, the Russian and the
 Pole are inside, and the ranger returns to his companions and reports 
 his findings.
       "What about the third guy?" asks one of the team members.
       "Oh," replies the first nonchalantly, "the Czech's in the male."
[Father Goose #55]
    A revolution in a small African country paralyzed an English 
firm that made rare-earth alloys; most of the Muth tribe, which
ran mines producing the needed ores, had been overrun and thrown into
makeshift concentration camps.  The new rulers refused to sell any ore,
so the firm hired Glore and Landry, Ltd., basically a private
espionage service, who sent in their best man, Roger Hope. "Do whatever it
takes, Roger," said Sir John Landry, his boss, "but get that ore moving again."
	Hope was an unorthodox idealist: he gathered together the few Muth
still at liberty and built a guerilla force that broke open the camps and
pulled off a nearly bloodless coup.  When he returned to England,
Hope asked his firm to fake his death and help him assume a new identity. 
Sir John was amazed. "Is it all the publicity?  Will it keep you from
being effective?"
	"It's not that, Sir John," answered Hope. "It's just that I'm sick
and tired of being called:
	Hope of Glore and Landry, free-er of the Muth."
[Father Goose #56]
	"So, how did the class reunion go?" I asked.
	"Kinda fun. Some sad moments, though. Remember Lucy? I found out
she died," he answered.
	"How awful! What happened?"
	"She got a job at a chemical plant. Keith Simons was working there.
You know what those two were like.  Couldn't think of anything but sex." I
nodded. "Anyway, one lunch break they sneaked out to a favorite spot right
in the middle of the factory and started making love. They rolled under a
railing and fell right into a vat of Methyl Orange that some idiot had left
open. Tragicomic, y'know." He paused for effect. "It reminds me of a Beatles
song."
	"Huh? Which one?"
	"Lucy in the Dye with Simons."
	A loyal Beatles fan, I hit him.
[Father Goose #56]
	Friar Laurence told Romeo that Juliet was getting very drunk every
night and suffering massive hangovers every morning. Romeo flew to his beloved.
It was true: she was an odd shade of pale green and had bloodshot eyes. At
first she wouldn't admit why she drank, but at last she confessed that though
she loved him, she couldn't stand his flatulence.  Romeo explained that it
was due to a distant relative, an Englishwoman who had earned the gratitude
of her King and been made Dame Commander of the British Empire [anachronism
here, but there's worse to come], but was now impoverished. Her Italian
relatives, out of sympathy, had made her their cook, and she was feeding them
hearty English fare which disagreed with Romeo's sensitive bowels. Romeo
kept eating her food because he hadn't the heart to tell her. But Friar
Laurence, said Romeo, had a solution: in the Veronese catacombs there was a
shrine with relics of an obscure saint.  A night of praying there, followed
by a vow that he would control his sphincters, would cure him. Juliet was so
overjoyed that her next speech didn't quite scan properly:
JULIET: O Romeo, Romeo, therefore fartest thou, Romeo!
	Deny thy fodder and refuse thy Dame.
	Or if thou wilt not, be butt-sworn, my love,
	And I'll no longer be so crapulous.
Of course they didn't live happily ever after...
                  "Once There Was A Fish" 
                   ---------------------
                      Doug Rosentrater
   Once there was a fish who lived in the great ocean, and because the water
was transparent, and always conviently got out of his nose when he moved along,
he reallly didn't know that he was in the ocean.
   One day this fish did a very dangerous thing: he began to think. "Surely I
am a most remarkable being," he thought, "since I can move around like this in
the missle of empty space." Then the fish became confused because of his
thinking about his moving and swimming, and he suddenly had an anxiety
paroxysm, and thought that he had forgotten how. At the same moment, he looked
down and saw the yawning chasm of the ocean depths stretching below him, and he
was terrified that he would drop.
   Then he thought desperately: "If I could catch hold of my tail in my mouth,
I could hold myself up." And so he curled himself up the best he could and
snapped at his tail. Unfortunately, his spine wasn't quite supple enough, and
so he missed. As he went on trying to catch hold of his tail, the yawning black
abyss below became even more terrible. He began to slowly drift down since he
wasn't swimming anymore, and the poor fish found himself on the edge of a total
nervous breakdown.
   Just then a shark, who had been watching with mixed feelings of pity and
amusement, said, "what are you doing?" The fish looked up, surprised to see the
shark, and replied, " I'm terrified of falling, so I am trying to hold myself
up, but I can't reach my tail." And with this he started nervously sobbing and
drifting farther down.
   "well, if that is the case, then why haven't you fallen into the depths
before this?" inquiored th shark in a slow voice.
   "Of course, I hadn't fallen down earlier, because...because I was swimming."
   "Oh," said the shark, "Then why don't you stop biting your tail and go back
to swimming?"
   The fish gasped and suddenly realized that all of his fears were his own
fault. He started swimming and immediately came back up to the shark's level.
   "You know," said the shark, " the Great Ocean supports you all the time you
swim. But here you are, instead of exploring its length, breadth, and depth,
wasting...absolutely wasting your time exploring nothing but your own end. If
you don't wise up quickly, then you might as well be a stone instead of a
fish!" And with that the shark drifted off to find his lunch somewhere.
   From then on, the fish put his own end behind him (where it belonged) and
set out to explore the Great Ocean, secure in the knowledge that as long as he
swam, he wouldn't fall.
                                    FLEAS
                                        Copyright 1991, Adam Poszar.
              Fleas?  Yeah, we had 'em.  Whole darned town had 'em.
          Lady on the news said it was because of the weather.
          Don't know if I ought to believe her or not.
              The dog brought 'em in.
              The vet gave us some pills, for the dog that is.
          Didn't work.  Gave the dog a bath.  Dog had 'em the next
          day.
              My wife found one on her ankle.  "Least we got one of
          'em," I told her.   That made her grumpy AND jumpy.
              Went back to the vet, got some special flea-killing
          soap and gave the dog another bath.  That lasted 'bout two
          days.
              Went out and bought fifty dollars worth of chemical
          stuff and bombed the house.  Didn't see a single one, for
          almost a week.
              I found a couple, one was on my foot, the other was on
          my wrist.  I wasn't quick enough.  One of 'em got away.
              Got to where we were smackin' places that felt like
          fleas whether there were fleas there or not.
              Gave the dog another bath, again with the special
          soap, sprayed it with some special kind of poison spray
          the vet sold us, and put a sure-kill flea collar on it.
          Oh yeah, and we got sixty dollars more in chemicals and
          bombed the house again.
              We watched nervously for two weeks.
              Now I admit we were pretty jumpy by then.  There were
          a couple of nights when I woke up 'cause my wife was
          scratchin' herself in her sleep.  I never said anything to
          her 'cause she was scratching places that we very rarely
          discussed.
              I'd even gotten to slapping myself when I was at work.
          It wouldn't have been so bad except that we both have
          freckles.
              'Bout halfway through the second week, the dog's hair
          started falling out.  At least it made it easier to find
          the fleas when they came back.
              Less that a month ago we got rid of the dog.  It
          looked like a sixty-pound Chihuahua by then anyway.
              And we bombed the house again, this time with over a
          hundred dollars worth of stuff.  It's been a month and a
          half since, and we haven't seen a single flea.
              This morning I got up early, made coffee, and took a
          cup up to my wife.  She was still asleep.
              I set the cup down real careful, so's not to spill
          any.  I leaned across the bed and gave her a big kiss.
              She smiled, opened her eyes, reached up, and slapped
          me in the face so hard I almost saw stars!
              "Sorry Honey," she said, "I guess it was just a
          freckle."
                               Flak Trap                            
     Stepping out onto the tarmac from the hangar, the sun rising over the
hills glinted off of the flight helmet in his hand. "A beutiful morning."
he said to himself gleefully. 1st Lt. Roger Lake of the 44th FedCom
aerospace squadron was in a good mood , after two months of the heaviest
fighting he's seen and numerous raids-turned-bloodbaths into the Draconis
Combine's territory , an expedition finally captured their headquarters ,
triggering the collapse of the Draconis Combine. At a treaty hearing in 
New Avalon , leaders of the Draconis combine , Federated Commonwealth and 
the Smoke Jaguar and Nova Cat clans , divided the Draconis Combine into 
sections for each of the two clans and FedCom. The Combine's army 
surrendering their arms and turning their few reamaining units to the 
their conquerors. With a powerful Warden at command of the Smoke Jaguar
Clan , they made a truce agreeing to help FedCom and other Inner Sphere
armies against the other Clans.
    On the first day since the Treaty of New Avalon , Lt. Lake was
assigned a patrol of the new front along the Smoke Jaguar's territory.
"Hornet Squdron to your craft , Hornet Squadron" said the calm female 
voice over the basewide Com. Running to his craft , he hopped in and 
suited up, his small 5' 8" frame easily slipping into the cockpit. He 
taxied out of the hangar , tech crews scurrying out of the way , onto the
runway."Hornet Sqaudron flight of four , takeoff at runway 09 , over." he
radioed the tower. "Hornet flight cleared , good luck Roger." said the 
controller and good friend of Roger , Keith McMichael. "Hornet flight 
check in." he said over the tactical frequency. "Two here" , "Three 
checking in" , "Four's okay". "Okay guy's lets rendevous with the
jumpship".
    An hour later , Roger's magscan picked up the ship. "Okay gang , 
single file formation , 25 percent power." he said to his squad , giving
them proper instructions for a hangar approach. "Good morning Hornet 
Flight this your friendly neighborhood dropship , the Monarch , how may we
help you?""Hornet flight of four reqesting docking space for the ride to
the front ,over.". "Okay Hornet Flight , request granted , docking bays 
18 through 22,welcome aboard.". The four Wasp II aerospace fighters 
entered and docked without a hitch.
     Later in the briefing room ,a nice lavishly furnished room with a 
nice view of the planet the ship was orbiting ,  the four pilots met with
 the Briefing officer. He ran over the basic outline of the mission and 
their flight path.Soon the PA system ordered everyone to their chambers 
for the jump into hyperspace. Lake went to his chamber and climbed in. He
was nervous , he hated hypersleep chambers , he didn't know why but he 
did. As he shut the door an activated the chamber he heard over the PA , 
good night and enjoy your ride , thank you for flying monarch.
     Roger woke with a start. His ears were ringing and his head hurt from the sleep. His wingman , 1st Lt. Paul Ropich , was standing over his  
chamber. "Wake up sir , he launch in 45 minutes." he said. "Crap , my 
chamber must've screwed up , I should've been awake one hour ago." 
He got up and dressed , stopped at the caffeteria for a hurried breakfast
consisting of eggs and coffe , but it tasted more like cardboard and 
swill.He met his flight in the hangar bay. Tech crews were already 
prepping the ships , and the ordinance cart bringing their weapons. 
" Good morning , Sir , running late are we?" said 2nd Lt. Nick Bianco , 
one of his flight members. "Shut-up and suit-up , mere underling." said
Roger jokingly. Finally they were all suited up and ready to go , as were
their craft: The Wasp II. Each carried eight AMX-12 missles for 
ship-to-ship use , and four ASD-4E strike missles, not to mention the 
built in AC-5. They weren't going in unprepared , treaty or no treaty. He 
strapped in and cleared them out the of the ship , as he and his flight 
cleared the bay doors , he got a radio message , " Hornet flight , this 
is Monarch control , be advised of a Jaguar  Millenium Class warship 
about 8 km to your 9 o'clock , copy?" Roger was worried , a Millienum was 
a very large ship used for assaults. " Yeah , I copy Monarch , after we 
do the recon run on the base we'll swing around and check it out , over.".
"Copy all Hornet lead ,out.". " Hear that guys? stay sharp on this one , 
as we run on the base look for signs of an invasion force.".  He guided 
his flight through a turbulent flight into the atmosphere were it was late
evening , the sun just setting. " The base is just a few kilometers ahead
, slow down , dont activate any weapons systems,  and waggle your wings a
couple of times to show 'em were friendly." Roger was worried even more
now , as they neared the base he saw large groups of equipment. "Looks
like a whole Regimental Combat Team , Vultures , MadCats , Thors , My god.
..Dashi's! , thats one damn strong force..." "Sir!" , interrupted Ropich ,
"Missle batteries targeting us , my threat receiver is flippin' out! , I
think we'd better..." he was cut off as his ship exploded into a bright
orange ball of flame." Evasive Manuvers! Get the hell out of here , 
NOW!"He launched a pair of ASD-4E's at a battery and pointed his craft 
toward the stars , hitting full afterbuner. Missle and lasers shooting all
around him , he took a hit to the wing but stabilized. " Fighters , 
incoming!" he heard over the intercom. He picked up 12 Sharks coming out
of the warship. "THE WARSHIP!" he screamed over the radio as barrage 
after barrage of lasers came out the sky from it. He popped into a 
thunderstorm and had a quick chance to rest , the lightning blocking the 
scanners of bloodthirsty enemies. The Clans weren't supposed to act like 
that , they were an honorable race. He was sure that he wasn't fighting 
clans , but had no proof , he couldn't risk another run on the base to 
confirm. He tensed as he saw a ship come up in front of him ... a wasp. 
It was Nick Bianco. They were the only ones left. He didn't have to worry 
about the Jumpship , there was an intergalactic treaty covering that , 
which simply stated that none shall attack a jump ship. He made up his 
mind , using visual signals , he told Bianco to break for the jump ship. 
He was going to confirm who was attacking. Like a bat out of hell , was 
Roger out of the clouds , redirecting power to his engines , pushing it 
for all it was worth , he took several hits , crippling his craft , by the
time he was over the base , He glanced down and saw it , gleaming red , 
a coiled dragon. "Draconis...."
2nd Lt. Nick Bianco looked over his shoulder at his flight leader running
on the base , his craft just broke out of the clouds , he caught sight 
Roger's ship and watched as it sped over the assault force , Nick's radio 
came alive and he heard "Draconis" as he saw his flight leaders craft 
disintegrate into thousands of pieces , getting hit by an LRM-20. As Nick 
exited the atmosphere , out of danger , he radioed the Monarch. The 
Draconis Combine was not dead. Paul Ropich was. Josh Witten was. Roger 
Lake was.
Brendan Meara , 1/18/95
Date:  06-24-89  12:22
From:  Muy Groso
To:    To All You Floobs...
Subj:  The Cube of Shalube...By Dr. Muess
 In the far away land of South FLoobalube
 Lived the lovers of something, known as the Floobs.
 They knew what was right, they knew what was wrong
 Cause they studied their cubes all say and night long.
 The jiggled and quiggled, and learned it by heart,
 Preached and screached it from every K-Mart.
 Whenever they wished, they reached in their tube
 And wiggled and waggled their cubes of Shalube.
 Each FLoob got their cube on the day they were born
 Which they kept in a tube, on their rear dorsal horn.
 They had real nice clothes, and all drove Corvettes,
 Mostly Floob-boys, but sometimes Floobettes!
 They turned a deaf ear to every suggestion
 For they knew every answer to every Floob-question.
 They thought very little so were only upset
 When someone rebelled, or their clothing got wet.
 They worked in Floob factories, making tube-guns
 The made them for money, Floob-dads and Floob-moms.
 Tube-guns made them strong, and kept them all free,
 Free to tell others what they ought to be.
 The Cube of Shalube was in every Floob-tube
 So nothing else mattered in South Floobalube.
 But a little ways North, in Snublebooblube
 Dwelled those without cubes, who were known as the Snubes.
 These Snublebooblubers had a rear tube
 But sadly for them, it held no Floob-cube.
 Some had tri-angles, and some had small pyramids,
 Some just had boxes, and some dodechehedrons.
 Some had large ovals, some had a ball,
 Some had a cone, and some nothing at all!
 Snubes loved one another, and always were taught
 To judge by ones actions, and not what one thought.
 The Snubes liked to dance and sing Rock and Roll
 Doing funky snube-steps at the Super Snube Bowl.
 They twiggled their tubes, without feeling shame
 Not even guilty, twas just a Snube-game.
 Snubes helped one another through hard times and bad,
 No matter their tube-shape, with whatever they had.
 Then the day before Tuesday, at six eighty-nine
 Every Floobluber stood on the Snubleboob-line.
 "You all must have cubes in every Snube-tube
 No other shapes but our Cube of Shalube.
 We've turned and learned it, we hold it each day
 Don't do as we do, just do as we say!
 You Snubes are all bad, there isn't much doubt
 Every Floob knows what we're talking about.
 If you don't take these cubes, like all us good Floobs
 You'll suffer and die, each one of you Snubes!"
 They shouted Snube-rants, and made rude-Floob-chants
 While all the Snubes sang or pulled down their pants!
 "We came from down South to help you Snubes out
 And what do we get but Snubes jumping about!
 We're doing what is right, and you're doing it wrong
 We don't like your shapes, we don't like your songs!
 So take these cubes now, it's your last chance,
 And for Shalube's sake...PLEASE PULL UP YOUR PANTS!"
 Each Snubleboobluber liked each own's shape,
 Things were just fine, there was nothing to hate.
 "Our tubes feel just great, without guns or cubes
 What is the matter with all of you Floobs?
 We Snubes are too busy to hate and to fight
 We've been working all day DOING what is right.
 So why don't you Floobs, just leave us alone
 And take all your cubes, and get off on home!"
 The Floobs got all mad, and ranted and raved
 "You don't understand, YOU NEED TO BE SAVED!"
 So with their hands in their tubes, clutching their cubes,
 They stood on their heads and prayed to Shalube.
 Then every Floobluber took out a gun,
 And shot all the Snubes, every last one.
 Then they took all the shapes, from every Snube-tube
 And burned them all up, along with the Snubes.
 In South Floobalube, no Floob was ashamed,
 For now every thought, was one in the same.
 Then on a day just like this, from far in the sky
 Great Shalube appeared with ire in his eye.
 "You miffed it, you muffed it, TURN IN YOUR CUBES,
 Now suffer and die, each one of you Floobs!"
 Then he bit off their heads, and popped all their tubes
 And went on his way...with all the ghost-Snubes....
 Though no one was left to see the Snubes dance.
 Shalube still told them to PULL UP THEIR PANTS!
 * Origin: Stormy Weather I <1-713-644-4345>
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven
 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560
                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
The Spirit and the Flute 
The origins of the Flute are lost in history, but the theory is that the
discovery resulted from a voice in the wind blowing across a reed.  Whose
voice was it? From earliest recorded times the flute was played both by the
shepherd and as part of ritual. It appears in Sumarian, Iranian Orphic,
Hermatic Tibetan and many other traditions{. 
In Egypt the first flute is shown on early slate dated 4 B.C. and pictures of
the flute were commonly found from 26 B.C. 
One of the names of the flute was KHERU or voice. The Egyptian Priests used
them in their Liturgy and flutes have been found and tombs and burial sites,
where they were probably were placed as symbols of life. 
In Sumaria the ritual flute was called a Ti_Gi which is thought to mean the
Reed of Life.  One of their Kings formed a cult for the flute, as it filled
the temple with joy. 
In China, it was called the Ti, and later named Hsaio, in honor of a King,
who in playing duets with his wife Lung-Ho was said to draw Phoenixes from the
sky.  The Phoenix was often depicted as a flute, as we know meaning
resurrection and life.  its presence often meant there was a great sage.  The
flute is also the emblem of Han Hsaing-Tzu, one of the eight immortals of
Taoism, meaning harmony. In Japan, it was called the Shakuhacki, it was used
by the Zen Buddhists sects as a form of chanting. 
It is still used in Turkey in the Mystical whirling ceremony of the Mevlevi
Dervishes. In India krishna is seen playing the flute, and is called the
divine player of the flute, whose song recalls home the souls wandering in
disillusion. His flute is called the flute eternity crying to the dwellers in
time. The Bouncers flute is still played in the Indian Tradition of spiritual
Music. 
The flute is unique in being the only instrument played by breath alone.
Breath is commonly identified with life and with the soul. The spiritual power
of the flute is given in the power of music, it is said that music gives the
discipline that raises one to divine peacefulness and bliss, and through music
you can reach the Gods. 
Researched by:
The Silver Circle
Toronto.
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven
 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560
                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
                        THE FLYING TRUNK
   Once upon a time, many years ago in Copenhagen, in Denmark, a wealthy 
merchant had a son called Erik. Erik was a good-looking lad, intelligent too, 
but very lazy. Instead of studying or doing some work, he liked to spend his 
days roaming about, amusing himself with his friends and squandering his 
father's money on unnecessary luxuries. When the merchant died, he left all 
his money to Erik, who frittered it away in a matter of months.
   The only thing left was an empty magic trunk. The minute anyone stepped 
inside, it rose into the air. One day, Erik, who had no intention of working 
for a living, decided to face the unknown and seek his fortune. So he stepped 
into the trunk and, for days on end, flew across the seas and over woodlands
and deserts. At last, he found himself above a city in the East and ordered 
the trunk to land on the terrace of a wonderful palace. Erik stepped out of 
the trunk and there in front of him stood a girl, staring at him in amazement.
   "I'm Tamara, the Sultan's daughter," she said. "Who are you?" Quick to turn
the situation to his own advantage, Erik replied:
   "I'm the god of your people, come to ask your hand in marriage." Fascinated
by the handsome stranger and certain that he really was a god, she happily 
said 'yes' and called her family. The Sultan welcomed the youth with great 
honours and immediately started to make arranaements for the wedding.
   The day before the ceremony, Erik stuffed the trunk full of jewels, golden
candle sticks and fine damasks and flew away from the palace towards
Copenhagen. However, weighed down by its valuable load, the trunk fell into
the sea off the Danish coast. Erik managed to swim ashore and return to
Copenhagen, where he sang sad songs at street corners for a living. In the
East, on the terrace of a magnificent palace, a young girl sadly glanced at the
sky from time to time, hoping that the god who had suddenly disappeared, would
come back again.
                     THE FOX AND THE CROW
   Once upon a time . . . a big crow stole a lump of cheese and went to perch 
on a branch of a tree to eat it in peace. A passing fox sniffed the air and 
stopped below the tree, his mouth watering.
   "Cheese?" he said. "Mmm. I'd love . . . if only I could . . ." he said to 
himself, greedily, wondering how to get hold of the morsel.
   After a moment or two, he spoke to the crow: "You are a fine crow! I've 
never seen anyone so big and strong. What lovely thick shiny feathers you 
have! And such slender legs, the sign of a noble bird. And a regal beak. 
That's it: the beak of a king! You ought to be crowned King of the Birds!"
   When the crow heard such glowing praise of his beauty, he stretched to his 
full length and triumphantly flapped hls wlngs.
   In his softest voice, the fox went on: "What lovely eyes you have. You 
don't seem to have a single fault! You're quite perfect." The crow had never 
been flattered so much in all his life. "Though I haven't heard your voice 
yet," went on the fox, "I expect that such a perfect creature like yourself 
can have nothing less than a wonderful singing voice!"
   The crow had, till then, been blissfully drinking in the fox's praise, but 
he felt a prick of doubt at the sweet words about his voice. He had never 
heard that crows were fine singers! Of course, being a very fine crow, perhaps
that meant he had a beautiful voice as well. The fox could be right! And the 
crow gazed down at the fox as he said: "Now then, King of the Birds, let me 
hear a sweet song . . ."                             
   Throwing caution to the winds, the crow opened his beak and, taking a deep 
breath, loudly cawed: "Cra, Cra, Cra!" The lump of cheese fell through the air
and the fox caught it neatly in his jaws. "I deserved that!" he told himself 
as he enjoyed the titbit. Then, licking his lips, he again spoke to the crow 
on the branch.
   "Silly crow. You're the ugliest bird I've ever seen, you have the worst 
voice I ve ever heard, but most of all, you're the most stupid bird I've ever 
met! And thanks for the cheese." And off he trotted well satisfied with 
hlmself...
                         FOX AND THE GRAPES
   Once upon a time . . . in a wood there lived a very crafty quick-witted 
fox. The rabbits, rats, the birds and all the other creatures fled at the 
sight of him, for they all knew how cruel and famished he was. And since his 
prey kept fearfully out of sight, the fox had no choice but to haunt the 
neighbourhood buildings in the hope of finding something to eat. The first 
time, he was in luck. Near a lonely peasant's cottage, only a low fence stood 
between him and the hen run, and there he left death and destruction behind 
him.
   "What careless men, leaving such tender fat hens unguarded," he said to 
himself as he trotted away, still munching.
   A few days later, hungry once more, he decided to visit the same hen run 
again. He crept up to the fence. A thread of smoke curled from the cottage 
chimney, but all was quiet. With a great bound, he leapt into the hen run. The
cackling hens scattered, and the fox was already clutching one in his jaws 
when a stone hit him on the side.
   "Wicked brute!" yelled a man waving a stick. "Now I've got you!"
   To make matters worse, up raced a large dog, snarling viciously. The fox 
dropped the hen and tried to jump out of the hen run. At the first try, he 
fell back, perhaps weak with fright. He could almost feel the dog's fangs sink
into his ear, but with a desperate jump, he got over the fence. The yells and 
stones streamed after the bruised fox as he ran into the wood. In a nearby 
glade, he glanced round to make sure that he was not being followed. "Bad 
luck!" he said to himself. "All those hens . . ." His mouth was watering and 
he could feel gnawing hunger pains. Right above his head stretched a vine, 
laden with bunches of big ripe grapes. "Well, if there's nothing else . . ." 
muttered the fox, jumping up towards the grapes. But the bunches were hanging 
just beyond his reach. The fox then took a running jump at them, but without
success. And though he tried over and over again, the grapes remalned beyond 
his grasp.
   "Craw! Craw! Craw!" laughed a crow overhead, mocking the disappointed fox.
   "Sour grapes!" exclaimed the fox loudly. I'11 come back when they're ripe."
And thrusting out his chest to give himself airs, though still smarting from 
the blows he had received, he set off towards the woods with an empty stomach.
                   THE FOX AND THE STORK
   Once upon a time . . . a fox made friends with a stork and decided to 
invite her to lunch. While he was wondering what to serve for the meal, he 
thought he'd play a trick on the bird. So he prepared a tasty soup and poured 
it into two flat plates.
   "Help yourself, Mrs Stork! I'm sure you'll enjoy this! It's frog soup and 
chopped parsley. Taste it, you'll find it's dellclous!"
   "Thank you very much!" said the stork, sniffing the soup. But she quickly 
saw the trick the fox had played on her. For no matter how she tried, she 
could not drink the soup from the flat plate. The sniggering fox urged her on:
"Eat up! Do you like it?" But all the stork could do was bluff. With a casual 
air she said: "I'm afraid I've such a headache that I've lost my appetite!" 
And the fox fussily replied: "What a shame! And it's such good soup too! Too 
bad! Maybe next time . . ." To which the stork quickly replied: "Yes, of 
course! Next time, you must have lunch with me!"
   The very next day, the fox found a polite note pinned to his door: it was 
the stork's invitation to lunch. "Now, isn't that nice of her!" said the fox 
to himself. "And she hasn't taken my little trick to heart either! A real 
lady!"        
   The stork's house was much plainer than the fox's, and she apologized to 
the fox. "My home is much humbler than yours," she said, "but I've cooked a 
really special meal. Freshwater shrimps with white wine and juniper berries!" 
The fox licked his lips at the idea of these goodies and sniffed deeply when 
the stork handed him his jar. But, try as he might, he was unable to eat a 
bite, for he could not reach down with his nose into the long neck of the jar.
In the meantime, with her long beak, the stork gobbled her lunch.
   "Try it! Try it!" she said. "Do you like it?" But the unlucky fox, confused
and outsmarted, could not think of an excuse for not eating.
   And as he tossed and turned hungrily in bed that night, thinking of his 
lost lunch, he said to himself with a sigh: "I might have known!"
    Once upon a time (all good stories start with "Once upon a
time") there was a man adrift upon a sea of troubles. He'd set
sail upon the sea trying to escape from his clinging wife, a
dead-end job, and a bunch of pistol-waving accountants, but the
third day out his ship was sucked to the bottom of the sea by the
power of the same unknown force that causes strange occurrences
in the Bermuda Triangle. After drifting in a life preserver for
19 days, 12 hours, 15 minutes, and three seconds he washed up on
the shore of the Island of the Topless Screaming Librarians. Only
seconds after coming ashore he encountered the Librarian they
call Sheila.
    "Where am I?" croaked the man, whose name was Fred.
    "YOU RE ON THE ISLAND OF THE TOPLESS SCREAMING LIBRARIANS!"
shouted Sheila at the top of her lungs. "WOULD YOU LIKE A BOOK TO
READ?"
    Now this was quite amazing to Fred.  For starters it hurt his
ears, for all he had heard for 19 days, 12 hours, 15 minutes, and
three seconds was the lapping of waves and a slow leak in his
plaid life preserver. As his mental facilities began to wake (and
quickly with all the screaming) he found an odd conflict.
Screaming librarians? Aren't they the ones who are always shush
ing innocent folks in public places?  My this is unusual.
    Now, as the librarians nurtured him to health, and talked his
ears off, he began to appreciate the change.  His sad life had
lead to a dismal escape, and was starting to turn up, yet for the
one thing.  The librarians were topless (that one's good),
screaming (you can always find one), and fast.  What was that?
Fast.  He couldn't catch a one.  By the time he was healthy and
fit and in need of a little compassion (nice word, eh?) they were
all fleet footed.  Now Fred is no idiot.  Matter of fact he's not
to ignorant either, so he devised a plan...
    Fred decided to build a mountain bike out of bits of moun
tain. Not just an ordinary mountain bike however, but one that
Pee-wee Herman would envy. He dug a mine, found ore, started a
steel mill, a machine shop, a rubber plantation (for the tires,
of course), and a factory for horns that go "TOOT!". After 25
years of hard labor, Fred finally completed his bicycle so that
he could chase the topless screaming librarians and nurses around
the island. Of course, by this time Fred was too old to get up
much speed, or even get up for that matter.
    By this time Fred started thinking "If only I'd built a red
Cadillac convertible instead, then I wouldn't even have to chase
the screamers down, they'd just pile in as I drove by."
    Lacking a catalytic converter, Fred decided that instead of
the Caddy, he'd just attach a rocket engine to his bicycle
instead. He had plenty of rocket engines, since they kept falling
off the space shuttles that flew overhead. After two more years
of tinkering, Fred finally had the engine attached and ready to
burn.
    He was all set for a trial run when Sheila went screaming by,
boobs bouncing this way and that.
    "Thar she blows!" Fred yelled as he hit the fire button, shot
up the side of the volcano, and launched himself into a beautiful
parabolic trajectory, completely missing Sheila in the process.
    "Must have used too much kerosene." muttered Fred as he
roared off into the night, only to find himself heading straight
for another island. This bothered Fred. He had spent much time
building his bike and contemplating those topless bearers of
books. Another thought bothered Fred, the thought of being
smashed into a sticky and slightly pulpy mess somewhere in the
middle of nowhere. Fred had thought it would be painful, but he
actually liked the feel of his body being smashed onto a little
rock ledge overlooking a lovely lake. It reminded him of his
childhood when he would cheerfully grind little garden snails
into the sidewalk by his house.
    Fred was shocked out of his past memories by a firm hand
implanted on his toosh. It managed about three firm squeezes
before he could swing around and take a look. She was the most
lustful item Fred had ever laid eyes upon. He could feel pure sex
emitting from every portion of her sleek, firm, and nude body.
Her skin tone was a deep red, and two cute little horns were
