shrieked as fire filled my ribs with molten agony. I heard the crack 
as my breastbone parted down the middle, thickened and broadened to 
accept the new angle of my expanded rib cage. I gnashed my teeth at 
the pain and the growing canine teeth split my lower lip.
     "Don't fight it, Longtooth. It won't hurt so much," the Old One 
whispered.
     _Gotta retain some control! Can't let you run wild!_
     My long bones telescoped back down, shortening but strengthening 
my limbs. The muscles flowed into protoplasm as the transformation 
continued, then congealed into new muscles with new insertions able 
to exert more powerful pressure and leverage than before. My fingers 
and toes likewise shrank -- the latter far more than the former -- and 
organic claws grew to give me some new weaponry.
     My head felt as if it were exploding when my jaw and facial bones 
broke. My whole face grew out into a muzzle and my tongue lengthened 
along with it. The top of my head flattened somewhat and my eye 
sockets sank back to a more protected position. According to the 
only person to watch me go through this lunacy my eyes do not lose 
their silver color or the Killer Rings.
     The bodily transformation almost complete as my pelt thickened and 
ears lengthened,  I felt the Old One begin to gnaw on my resolve and 
humanity. I clung to the image of Dr. Raven sitting across from me 
as I changed and the sound of his voice telling me how to 
concentrate so I would not surrender to the beast inside me. "You 
have been blessed by the Wolf Spirit, greatly blessed, but that 
blessing will be a curse if you surrender yourself to him."
     The Old One whimpered with disgust. "Someday Raven will fail you 
and you will become mine."
     _Stuff it, you mangy mutt. I've won this round._
     The advent of three Grunges storming through the warehouse door 
precluded any remark the Old One might have made. I gave them a 
toothy grin from the shadows. "My, my," I growled in a voice that 
even Grunges knew to fear, "what fine little piggies we have here."
     It took a bit more than faery-tale huffing and puffing to blow 
them all down, but the Grunges didn't offer much more than that for 
a fight. They've never been much for hitting a moving target and in 
my more compact wolfform I don't stay in one place very long. I left 
them in a leaking heap on the warehouse floor, then dashed out into 
the killzone, doing my best to spit out Grunge blood.
     I couldn't have been much more than gray blur as I streaked across 
the opening, but I felt the Chauffeur's eyes on me the whole time. I 
paused for a second at the place from which the rifleshot had come, 
but a yakuza forced me to tear out his throat before I had finished 
nosing around. I almost lost control with that kill but, 
fortunately, the yak had some sort of augmentation that meant I got 
hydraulic fluid in addition to blood when I took him down.
     Despite that hardship, my nose confirmed what I had earlier 
guessed. I took keen delight in watching the Chauffeur shudder when 
my joyous howl filled the warehouse district like the fog rolling in 
from the coast.
                                                  IV
     Ronnie Killstar's eyes grew wide as the hole in my leg had been 
when he heard me release the cocking lever on the MP-9. Seated in 
his favorite chair, nestled deep in the shadows of his unlit living 
room, I spoke to him in a husky whisper. "Close the door. Sit down 
at the kitchen table."
     "What's this?" He stared blankly at the little repast I'd prepared 
him while I waited.
     I smiled at him. "That's your last meal."
     The punk stared at me. "Milk and cookies?"
     I shrugged. "It's the perfect thing for a little boy who doesn't 
know when he's not supposed to play adult games. If you'd have been 
content to just sell us out to Fujiwara, that would have worked 
fine."
     He tried to look offended, but his nervousness betrayed him. "I 
don't know what you're talking about."
     "Can it, joeboy. Val and I cracked your personnel file and it 
concluded with the last phone number you called. Later, when we 
broke into Fujiwara I recognized the same number. There was a 
connection."
     Ronnie straightened up in his chair. "Circumstantial evidence."
     I shook my head. "It would have been if you could have kept your 
ego in check. In the Weed you told me you could 'bullseye a rat's 
ass' at a klick in the dark. A chip's got to be four times the size 
of your average rat's ass, and the range wasn't nearly that long." I 
sighed. "And to top it off, you were still wearing that cologne of 
yours."
     It suddenly dawned on him that I was going to kill him. The color 
drained from his face and he looked at me with big puppy-dog eyes. 
Yet before they could have their full sympathetic effect on me, his 
features sharpened and a bit of the old, defiant fire reentered his 
bearing. "Wait a minute, I destroyed the chip you never really 
wanted to give to La Plante anyway. That's gotta count for 
something!"
     I hesitated for a second and hope blossomed on his face. Then I 
shook my head. "No, it doesn't. Dr. Raven had tipped Fujiwara about 
what we were going to do anyway. Fuji's programmers put a Trojan 
Horse carrying a nasty virus in that chip that would have destroyed 
La Plante's computer system. The ambush, which didn't include your 
shooting of the chip, was just to make sure La Plante bought the 
whole thing as genuine."
     Ronnie sank his head in his hands. "Go ahead, shoot me. I deserve 
it."
     I lifted the MP-9's muzzle to the ceiling. "No, I think I prefer 
letting you wallow in your own mortification. Word to the wise, 
kid," I shot back over my shoulder as I went to the door, "remember 
that you're not as tough as you think. Don't let your delusions of 
adequacy get you in over your head... again."
     On the way out I stopped the Chauffeur. "Don't bother."
     The plastic-faced man stared hard at me. "I didn't hear a shot."
     I gave him a wolfish grin and licked my lips. "You never do." I 
patted his cheek. "Ciao -- no pun intended. Until it's just you and 
me."
                          SRE's Darker Half
                          
Written by: Chris Trendle                      Edited and 
            Paul Gerth                         Compiled by
            Robert Chapman                     Robert Chapman
There was an empire once deemed to be run by a fool, but alas the fool was no
more than a mastermind scheme. The war torn, half cybernetic ruler was so
named Mentor, as he had proven his worth as an emperor of trust. He was not,
however, naive to the war and the stakes taking place around him. After having
torn down all he had built, he swore vengence on all who had dishonored him.
His rebuild was slow and deliberate, as not to attract any attention to his
vastly growing armies. He was at one time a peaceful ruler, yet the great war
had changed him. He knew whom he could trust and stuck with them. His empire
left in shambles, he sought revenge. Building on ore mining, his wealth and
power grew. No more would dishonorable spies palgue his empire with thoughts
of undermining his work. As so begins the story.....
                                  * * * * *
Akaii-Prime, Akaii Castle:
    "Radio transmissin from the Ching Dynasty sir."
    "Patch them through to my office," muttered Mentor.
    *zbbzckkkkzxzzxxxx* is all that came over the airwaves.
    "Damn Japanese junk, I shoulda got an RCA. Damn!" Mentor yelled as he
pulled out his MKF-1267 blaster.
    *zzzzzzzzzzkkkkkkkkkk*
    The set was left in shambles, scattered all along the great mapped wall.
    "SCRENCA.... Send a message to the Ching Dynasty that the last radio
transmission was not recieved. I will try to get them after the Zexell Moon
has cleared."
    "Very well sir," Screnca replied in an almost robotic tone.
    "Now... Where is that catalog, I need a new screen........."
                                  * * * * *
"Transmit to Ching Dynasty, private channel. What we are to discuss is of
great importance," Mentor told the operator.
    "Akaii calling the Ching Dynasty. Shang Ti, this is Mentor. I have a
matter of importance to discuss."
    "Your enemy Ming will be eliminated by my forces. It appears he did not
know of our alliances and he gave himself away, but it is of no concern
anymore. He will be eliminated shortly!" Mentor called out over the airwaves
with a bit of relief.
    "One problem though, I sense the return of the one once called Ensata. I
feel his return in what is left of my organic body over...."
    The radio falls quiet for a second.
                                  * * * * *
Ching-Prime, A Grey Highway:
    "Damn Japanese crap!" Shang Ti said as he leaned against his land speeder.
An empty beer can slammed into the side of his speeder, smashing the window,
as someone shouted obscenities at him.
    "Did you see that, Wu-sang?!" he yelled into his communicater. "I want you
to blast them!"
    "Yes sir!" Wu-sang replied. At his ComPanel Wu-sang switched his sat view
from the emperor to the offending speeder and, with it in his cross-hairs,
pushed a button.
    As the speeder banked off in the distance a large blue line shot out of 
the heavens striking it. There was a huge explosion and the speeder crashed to
the ground. Shang Ti leapt into the air laughing.
    "That will teach you to throw beer cans at your emperor!" Shang Ti said as
he turned to find his replacement speeder coming to a rest near the broken
one. Wu-sang stepped outt and walked over to Shang Ti. He bowed once and
waited for his emperor to speak. 
    "Well, what the hell took so long?"
    "Sorry, sir! But we just caught another of Ming's spies a few miles from
here." Wu-sang pointed off to the distance behind Shang Ti.
    "Good work. That snake MING! No wonder my sujects are throwing crap at 
me!"
                                  * * * * *
Along the horizion came a silver streak, followed by a cloud of dust raised by
the obvoiusly oversized thrusters.
    "Theoden, my son, the man we are about to meet is a very dear friend of
mine. We fought side by side during the downfall of the Valar, and have
rebuilt together a team of empires which, along with other alliances, have
once again straightened the ways of the universe." Mentor said to his son
Theoden.
    "WHAT?!!?" Theoden replied, pulling the sonic headphones out of his still
human ears.
    "Nevermind, just be polite to Shang Ti. Otherwise, there will be no pizza
tonight!!" Mentor replied to Theoden, cracking a half hearted smile.
    "Who's Shang Ti?" Theoden said, his interest aroused suddenly by the
thought of meeting someone other than his father's war friends.
    "An old friend of mine, back before the time of the Valar we....."
    Mentor was cut off by a beer can almost hitting him square in the jaw.
    "JEEZSUS, Shang Ti must have been hit with spies, infiltrating his empire
again..... Theoden, DUCK!!!!" Another beer can barely missed his son's head.
    "I've gotta talk to Shang Ti about all these people drinking and driving"
Mentor exclaimed to his driver. Theoden was doing the typical teenage foot
banging that was so popular with his type of music.
    "Dad, are we there yet?" Theoden whined to his father.
    "No we are not there yet" Mentor said in the same drawn out whiney voice.
    "And if you ask again, I'll...."
    BONK!!!! a beer can hit Mentor right on the head.
    "Damn these people! I realize they own the majority of the beer
manufacturing plants for the galaxy, but I think they support their trade just
a leettle too much," Mentor muttered under his breath.
    "Approaching Shang Ti's speeder sir," Mentor's driver said in a monotonous
tone.
    "AAAH at last, reunited with my old friend," Mentor said, a sort of pride
entering his voice.
    "Hand me the field scope," Mentor muttered to his son.
    "WHAT?!!?" his son replied. Once again, the music (That's what they claim
it is anyway) was too loud.
    "Nevermind!" Mentor said in disgust. "Damn kids!"
    Reaching for the field glasses, Mentor spied something on the horizion. It
looked like a small burning vessle.. Grasping the glasses, he set the
magnification to 5X and peered through them.
    "I don't believe it! Somebody vandalized Shang Ti's new Mercedes... He
shoulda got a Multipersonal Vette, like mine. Oh well, he'll learn one of
these days!"
    "Looks like whoever did it got more than what they bargained for!" added
Theoden.
    As the speeder sped closer to the Burning vessel, Mentor prepared himself
for the confrontation with Shang Ti.
    "At last, we meet again Shang Ti." Mentor muttered to himself.
    The speeder came screeching to a halt next to Shang-Ti's own speeder.
    "We have a problem" Mentor exclaimed.
    "I know, the chemical weapons used agenst my empire were devestating. The
nukes didn't help much either," Ching said dropping his head.
    "That is a problem, and my forces have already retaliated," Mentor calmly
said, trying to calm Shang Ti's nerves.
    "He cannot last much longer now, if we band together, we can once again
run him from this galaxy." Mentor held his head high, though it was a false
show of confidence.
    "He will perish" Shang Ti muttered under his breath, barely audible to
anyone else.
    "Ready my cruiser!" Mentor exclamed to his driver.
    "It is time to rick some rass!!!!!!!!" Mentor said playfully.
    "What are the casualties of the last five attacks on Ming?" Mentor asked
of his driver.
    Frantically, the driver pushed buttons on the panel.
    "Zero casualties, zero equipment loss sir," the driver replied.
    "What!?!?!?!" Shang-Ti and Mentor exclaimed in stereo.
    "Let the onslought begin!" Mentor shouted, giddy with the destruction of
the traitor Ming.
                                  * * * * *
Theoden smelled the faint whiff of chemicals on the wind. SHIT, that stuff
stank! Why'd he have to be in this hellpit anyway? He didn't want to end up
like his father. How could he pick up chicks with a stainless steel- um...
face?
    "Dad, can I borrow the car while you trash Ensata? I got a hot date
tonight."
    "What's the matter with your car?"
    "That piece of trash? That thing has less power than an icecream truck!
Besides, after I downloaded all that pirated software into my onboard NavComp,
it got completely zotched by that Michaelangelo thing."
    "Son, I don't have time for this!" cried Mentor, his electronically 
filtered voice rising to a garbled digital screech. "Damn cheap Jap voicebox
modulator!"
    "Oh fuck this! This chick's incredible! I'll never get back to Akaii-Prime
in time unless I can borrow YOUR car." His father turned his back on him,
signifying that there would be no discussion. Theoden took this chance to
reach into his father's pocket and snag the keys to the Porchevette Romero.
His father didn't notice since the nerve sensors below Mentor's waist were
completely dead... What a way to live! While Mentor blabbed with Shang,
Theoden crept into the ruby red sports car and started the engine.
    "Later, pops!"
    "What the--? Get back here!!!"
    The car raced off, picking up from 0 to 80 in 5.6 nanoseconds.
    "That's it! You're grounded!"
                                  * * * * *
The threat was completely unheard by young Theoden, partly because he was at
that moment trying to break the sound barrier. He felt that if he went fast
enough, he wouldn't be able to see the hulk of this planet. As he picked up
speed, all the wastelands turned into a grey blur flying past the windows. All
the wastelands that reminded him of the fate of Akaii-Prime, the planet he had
grown up on.
    Theoden had realized something long ago. He knew he hated his father. Even
before the chemical weapons had withered his planet completely, it had been
wasted by the mining operations tapping every planet for any valuable ore. As
he grew into adolescense, he had seen the green planet which held so many
memories changed to a wasteland. All this just because of his father's petty
need for revenge. As his planet died, Theoden thought, his childhood had died.
He wouldn't lose all humanity, he couldn't allow himself to become like his
robot of a father, but he hid his emotions deep within.
    Theoden slowed the car and realized he was crying. He quickly checked this
display of emotion and popped "Liquidizer" into the DMM (Digital Music
Machine).
  "Mary Hangs from the rearview mirror!
   On the dash her son's got words!
   We got a carload of faith here,
   And we're saved from the world by some verse, yeah!"
                                  * * * * *               
"For a cast iron dictator, you sure don't have very good control over your
kid!" said Shang Ti.
    "Oh, just leave me alone. The kid's a juvenile delinquent, he's been
thrown out of 15 boarding schools and all he does is listen to that gadawful
stuff he calls music."
    "OK! Forget about it! There's something bothering me. Have you kept up
with this Asmodeus guy?"
    "He's just some petty dictator who took over a small backwater empire."
    "Maybe, maybe not. However, we have evidence that he is in contact with
Ming."
    Mentor seemed unimpressed by this news.
    "Have you seen the SpySat coverage of his battles?" asked Shang Ti.
    "No," retorted Mentor, obviously tiring of the conversation.
    "He's a master tactician. I'm not sure just how good, but if he's in
contact with Ming...."
    "What...?" demanded Mentor, his impatience fading.
    "Well, our job just got a LOT harder. The only way we can punish Ming is
if we coordinate together with Rohan. Rohan is next to Asmodeus' growing
empire, and Eomer will be willing to help us. We will have to organize so
our attacks are simultaneous, that way in the confusion we will be able to
divide and conquer and we just might win this ill-advised war."
    "Simultaneous? Over all the parsecs of space we have to cover? That's all
but impossible. We need more people than we have to coordinate this whole
thing!"
    Shang-Ti grinned, "That kid of yours, no matter what you might think of 
him, isn't such a bad kid. I've seen the reports from his schools -- I know!
but CX1 was getting bored and I had to give him something to do. Anyway, his
tests have him well above genius level. He's a master at tactics and
trans-spatial mathematics. If anyone could pull it off, I think Theoden 
could."
    "I can't imagine that kid in charge of a friggin' Seven-11, forget a
combined military force," Mentor raved, "Besides, we don't even know where the
kid is......."
                                  * * * * *
Akaii-Prime, A Deserted Road:
    Exactly where Theoden was was becoming a mystery even to him. The
afterburners of the 'Vette were cooling down from an interplanetary jump. It 
was one of the nicer features of the more expensive sports cars, a small 
plasma drive for limited space travel. The grey skies of Akaii-Prime no longer
said home to him, and he found himself in an area of the planet he didn't 
know. Or maybe he did know it at one time, the mining had reshaped the 
planet's surface, and the haze of poisonous chemicals made everything look
different.
    He knew that he was lost.
    He tried the onboard NavComp, but couldn't figure out the security. This
thing was state of the art, unlike the computers he was used to breaking into,
like the box office computer he had cracked to get tickets to the Kamikaze
Lemmings concert that night. He had the tickets with him. Now, if he could 
only figure out where he was.
    If he could figure out where he was he could pick up Kyrana. At the 
thought of Kyrana his anger settled. No matter what else happened, he would
always have her. He could picture her face, those depthless brown eyes, a 
voice a clear and pure as dawn after a thunderstorm....
    The SpaCellular phone chirped.
    "Uh oh, it's dad, better not answer!" he thought.
    The phone wouldn't stop ringing, however. Finally, the speakerphone 
clicked on and started speaking in a familiar voice. Theoden started. Only two
people knew how to do that, Theoden himself, and...
    "Farstal, you old knave! How'd you get this number?"
                                  * * * * *
Ching-Prime, CX Headquarters:
    "Hrrrrrissssxxxxxxx--- Damn Jap piece of shhhhhxxxxxxxxx------*"
                                  * * * * *
Akaii-Prime, A Secret Bunker:
    "Oh no, not again!" Shang Ti slammed the top of the set. BEEeeep--* "Work,
damn you!" he hit the set repeatedly. A few seconds later, the set winked to
life again. "Hello? Charlie X-ray One, come in. CX1, do you read me?"
   "Who the Hell is this? This is a closed channel dammit!"
   "This is your emperor."
   "Uhhh, sorry boss. What's this about? You want me to plant a bomb?"
   "No--"
   "Take a hostage?"
   "No I--"
   "Set up Asmodeus and Ming?"
   "NO! Liste--"
   "Oh boy! Do you want me to assasinate someone?"
   "NO!!! SHADDUP! I want you to find someone, CX1."
   "Someone's been kidnapped?"
   "No-"
   "Ohmygod! Was it Mentor? You were meeting him weren't you?"
   "For a spy, you sure got a big mouth, CX1. I need you to find a kid."
                                  * * * * *
Akaii-Prime, Akaii Castle:
    Mentor opened his eyes. 
    "OOOOAAHHHHAAA!" He slamed them shut again! Ohhh! he thought, that hurt!
When will I learn not to mix Tiegillian gin with that Earth beer! Jeeze! Just
then the room exploded (or at least he thought so) as Shang Ti pounded on the
door.
    "Open up!" exclaimed Shang Ti, "Yo, Akaii! Mentor Akaii! Get your ass
outta bed! We found your kid! Let me in!"
    Mentor pressed the door realese button. The door opened with a click and
Shang Ti pushed through the door. 
    "Goddamn it!" he said as the women scurried into the bathroom. "Couldn't
this wait til morning?"    
    "We also have a small problem.... Again." Shang Ti siad halfheartedly.
    "NOW what?" Mentor muttered, trying to hide the tee pee made from the
sheets of the oversized bed.
    "Well, there were some nukes headed your way, they hit in the kilarian
sector. My instruments picked them up, we tried to intercept them, but were
not quick enough," Shang Ti explained.
    "Dammit! It must be that Ming yo-yo again." Mentor exclaimed.
    "They were launched by Asmodeus."
    "What?!?! How did that second class dictator get nukes? And why'd the
bastard attack me? We had a ceasefire agreement! That's it, let us go prepare
for war," Mentor said vehemently as he put on his lazer armored trousers.
"Can't hurt the jewels in these," Mentor quipped, cracking a smile.
    "I have heard Theoden's plan for the invasion, it sounds like it should
work, but I need time to rebuild my forces." Shang Ti claimed.
    "OK" Mentor said.
    Just after Mentor let out the words a lazer blast burst through the far
window, glancing off a mirror and hitting him square in the head.
    "MENTOR!!!!" Shang Ti cried...
                                  * * * * *
    
"What!!!!!" Theoden's voice became sketchy. "My father was killed... By 
whom?" His native red eyes glowed ever so fiercely.
    "We don't know. A laser blast came through the window. Your security
forces are searching for the asassin, and my soldiers are joining them," said
Shang Ti.
    "What are the chances of finding him?"
    "If we haven't found him by now, I doubt we will," replied Shang Ti in
a soft tone.
    Theoden sank back into the chair. I know nothing about running a peaceful
empire, he thought. All I know is music and hacking and mathematical tactics. 
I have no practical experience ruling. My father was too busy seeking revenge
to teach me diplomacy or leadership. He just shipped me off to boarding 
schools to get me out of his way.
    Theoden could only assume it was one of Asmodeus' agents who had killed 
his father, who had left him to rule an empire he knew nothing about. He now
understood his father's pain, and he now felt his father's rage.
    "Revenge WILL be mine!" he muttered.
                                  * * * * *
Theoden pored over the spreadsheets. Damn! He had no idea how this stuff
worked. His field was spatial geometry and tactics. The mathematics were
completely different from those involved in accounting. Matters of money were
more closely related to the mathematics Farstal had studied. Farstal would
have been able to help him... would have. He tried not to think back to the
events of that night, but it was inevitable.
   He felt a flashback coming on... 
                                  * * * * *
                                  
Flashback: 
    Farstal and Theoden had been friends since earliest youth. They met in
elementary computer literacy. Both of them were bored to tears and spent their
time writing viruses and setting them free on the school's mainframe. Most of
the viruses were harmless and did little more than garble text files and slow
the computers down. They had one, the "computer cold," that would make the
computers "cough" every once in a while. The computers would reboot, much to
the dismay of students in the middle of writing their term papers.
    Later on, they started breaking into "secure" systems, and became very
familiar with the phone system. Together they had discovered how to remotely
access phones. Certain high tech phones had a voice controlled answer feature.
If no one answered, they could send a pulse signal and the phone would connect
through a speaker. It only worked on phones with the answer feature, higher
tech phones.
    The phone in Mentor's car was, of course, state of the art...
                                  * * * * *
Akaii Prime, A Decimated City: 
    "Theoden! Ya snagged the old man's car!"
    "How'd you kno-- oh never mind. I shouldn't be surprised by anything you
do."
    "Where are you, man?"
    "I honestly don't know. The security on this NavComp is the best 
available!"
    "Heh, no security's unbreakable! There's always a hole."
    "Oh yeah? You try," said Theoden, patching the phone over to the NavComp.
He watched in amazement as Farstal broke through the security in nothing flat.
    "Hah! I think that's a new record."
    "You are simply incredible!"
    "I know. Hey! You're not too far from where you need to be. The landscape
just isn't familiar because it's been rearranged by an attack force."
    "Ming?"
    "No, there's some new fascist dictator who took over a small empire.
Nobody knows who he is, he's known only as 'Asmodeus'. I've been 'rummaging'
through Asmodeus' data files. I can't quite figure out who he is, but I think
I have a pretty good idea. He started out attacking smaller empires, gethering
strength, but lately he's been attacking the larger empires and having
unbelievably phenomenal success. He's a brilliant tactician in the classic
Powellian Stratagems. He must be patched into the fleet by some sort of
cyberlink, their performance is absolutely flawless... like clockwork!
Whaddaya think?"
    "Huh?" Theoden had been lost in thought. Powellian strategy had been an
interest of his for as long as he could remember. It was almost impossible to
execute as it required exact precision, but it was believed that there was no
counter to it. Always interested in a challenge, Theoden had spent all his
free time trying to figure out a way not only to defend against Powellian 
offensives, but to turn them back. It was such a daring ploy that it made
Blitzkrieg look like throwing pinecones at passing cars. "Listen, I think I
can handle this guy. I'm pretty sure I've figured out a counter to-"
    "Hold it!" Farstal's voice was so severe that Theoden's blood ran
momentarily cold.
    "What?" asked Theoden, trying to keep the fear from entering his voice.
    "I just heard something, it was probably nothing," Theoden could tell from
Farstal's tone that it definately was something. His suspicions were confirmed
by Farstal's next remark. "Oh, did you know my cat, Anthrax, had six kittens?"
    Anthrax! Six! Those were the code words meaning that the line was being
tapped! But why? By whom? Theoden probed for more information.
    "OK, hey do you think I can get one of the kittens?"
    "No, I was thinking of sending them to Asmodeus."
    What?!?! Shit, this was serious. He had scanned the tap and it wasn't by a
friend. Rather, they were being listened to by an agent of Asmodeus! What
else?
    "The cats are right here with me."
    That could only mean that Farstal had managed to infiltrate Asmodeus'
coordinating computer.
    "Well, I hope your dog doesn't see them."
    "He already has, and he's been watching them."
    Now THIS was serious. There had been an agent dispatched by Asmodeus to 
find him!
    "Now, what kind of dog do you have again?" Theoden asked, his voice
trembling.
    "A pit bull. I think the kittens are in trouble."
    Pit bull! An asassin!
    "I may also send some to Shang Ti."
    An agent from Ching was also after him!
    "Shang Ti has a very good watchdog, I don't think they'd be in danger with
him."
    An agent to spy on him, maybe to protect him.
    "Any female kittens?"
    "Yeah. The pit bull seems to be leaving her alone for the moment, but she
might be in danger, there are more than one-- What the? HEY! Who the Hell are
you? Whoah! Put that down, man... *Zzzzzt* Aaaaagh!---*"
    "Farstal? Farstal!!!"
    Theoden's mind raced. It was all too much for him to take in at once. 
While trying to keep his head from spinning, he was confused by another 
occurrence.
    A pair of lights lanced through the air. Headlights! His stomach dipped
down into his crotch, it was one of the spies. He knew that there was one spy
from Shang Ti, sent either to keep an eye on him, protect him, or perhaps to
kidnap him. Then there was an asassin sent by Asmodeus after him. Perhaps more
than one. And maybe one of them was after Kyrana. He had found that much out
from Farstal before... before...
    His heart raced and his adrenal gland went into overdrive. It was nearly
impossible to think, but he realized that he was too easily recognizable in 
his father's million dollar sportscar. He fumbled for the door handle, his 
ears buzzing.
    Then he was out in the cold, foul smelling night air. The headlights were 
no longer illuminating the scene and clouds of smog covered the fingernail 
moon. He ran, completely disoriented, hoping only to get away from whomever 
was in that car. A light briefly flashed behind him, illuminating the scene
slightly. Then a needle of red light lanced by his left ear, so close he could
feel the heat against the skin of his cheek.
    He jumped aside, throwing himself to the ground, and the ruins of the city
were shown bright as day by the exploding Porchevette Romero. Then he ran, ran
past walls of ruined brick buildings, down a cracked asphalt road, seeing his
way by the light of the flaming automobile. His lungs burned, his legs ached,
but he didn't slow. The pain in his chest was overpowered by the exhiliration
of his fear.
    The landscape brightened. He looked over his shoulder and was blinded by 
the headlights of the car. He dashed to the side of the road, ducking behind 
the facade that was all that remained of a bank. He felt his breathing stopped
by a hand clamping over his mouth. He tried to scream and kicked out, but the
arms grasped tighter. NO! It couldn't end this way! He had to warn Kyrana!
    "Shut up, kid! We don't want him to hear us. Shang Ti wants you alive." 
The leather gloved hand eased its grip on his mouth and he gasped for air.
    "What does Shang Ti want with me?" Theoden asked between gasps with slight
dismay in his voice.
    "He needs the details of your counterstrike," the dark figure said.
    The car passed by, its infrared scanner working overtime trying to lock in
on the heat source it had found.
    "We must move quickly," the spy said hasitly.
    Moving with unheard of stealth the spy and Theoden traveled through the
back alleyways, until they came to an open manhole.
    "I'm not going down there!" Theoden said with a glare in his eye.
    Just then the all too familar face of Shang Ti appeared. "Quit your 
bitchin and get your little ass down here NOW!" he excalimed, looking around
hastily.
    Shang Ti insisted on bringing Theoden back so the attack could begin ASAP.
When he objected on the matter of Kyrana's safety, Shang Ti sent CX1 to 
protect her. Sent his best agent!
    This had to be serious.
    The dank sewer system led to a small room filled with nothing but computer
terminals. "I'm pretty sure your dad doesn't know about this place . This is 
our base for covert operations on this planet. There's an armored vehicle 
directly above us. It will take you home to your father's castle. First, 
though, I need to know your plan."
    "Plan?"
    "Asmodeus wasn't the only one monitoring that call. Sorry about your 
friend, he sounded like someone I could use. Someone we all could use.
Asmodeus has tipped his hand. He wants complete control. Everything. He must
be stopped."
    Theoden explained his plan to Shang Ti and was sent on his way. He was
secretly dreading having to tell his father about the car. Suddenly, an alarm
klaxon sounded in the armored vehicle.
    "There's someone behind us!" the driver shouted. The monitor showed a 
darkly colored car closing on the slower armored groundcar. Theoden recognized
it as the vehicle that had chased him at the ruined city.
    "We can't outrun it! Arm weapons systems."
    How had the spy followed them? The only possible explanation was that it
had gotten an IR lock on them before they had entered the sewers.
    "Driver calling Shang Ti! We have some company here. He probably knows
where the base of operations is. Advise you abandon. Repeat: advise you
abandon!"
    Static. Then: "Read you! This is Shang Ti, a squad of Ching troops just
arrived here. I don't think it will be necessary to abandon. However, I'll be
taking an armored speeder to Akaii Castle. Meet me there."
    "Roger!"
    Just then the vehicle was rocked by an explosion.
    "Shit... Take that, you bastard!" The groundcar's weapon systems unleashed
a volley of fire. The car was reduced to a pile of scrap metal. "Even if he 
got out in time, he can't follow us now!" said the driver grimly.
    The groundcar arrived at Mentor's castle, but Theoden soon found out that
he wouldn't have to explain the 'Vette to his father...
    His father had been asassinated.
                                  * * * * *
Akaii Prime, Akaii Castle:
    Theoden was sick with trying to balance the books so he went over again in
his head the plan of attack. Since Asmodeus was most likely hooked up to his
forces by cyberlink, the same would be necessary for him if he were to achieve
victory. He smiled grimly. All those thousands of ships, and it all boiled
down to little more than a contest between two minds. Like some bizarre game
of high stakes, high speed chess!
    He rubbed the back of his head, which was still sore from the operation to
install the interface chip into his brain. The one drawback to his strategy 
was that it had to be defensive. Any attack on a Powellian Spearhead would be 
routed immediately no matter how carefully or cleverly done. He had to wait 
for another attack, which he knew would be a big one. A huge strike by 
Asmodeus' newly acquired empire against the forces of all the major galactic 
empires. The waiting was driving him insane. Besides, he couldn't handle all 
this number crunching. He was a tactitian not a mathematician, dammit!
    He plugged into the simulator and ran a classic Powellian attack. His
reactions were perfect, but he failed because his mind was elsewhere, 
pondering the fact that the next time could be the real thing. He couldn't 
retain his sanity much longer this way. Theoden could wait no longer.
    Suddenly, he was hit by inspiration. There was ONE way he could launch a 
successful attack against a Powellian Spearhead. It was even riskier than his 
previous strategy, but it could work if...
    "Patch me through to Cyberlink mianframe!" Theoden called through the com.
    "Patching sire... Plugged in and waiting your command," the system 
operator called back.
    "Are the troops in position?" Theoden called again through the com.
    "Set and online," the voice returned.
    "OK, here's what we're gonna do. When we begin the invasion, I want all 
channels scanned, known and unknown. when we find out what frequency he is 
using, I want you to broadcast some "Beastie Boys" over the channel. That 
oughta confuse the hell out of his outdated cyberlink. It'll allow us an 
advantage for approximately 15-20 seconds. I want all waves to be ON TIME now,
so be sure everyone is set. Has the food been destroyed yet?" Theoden cleared
his mind of everything but the attack.
    "Yes sire, there is great unrest among Asmodeus' troops and civilians." 
the voice replied.
    "Good, now position the fighters to the alpha detron 4 position, as soon 
as they are picked up on his radar, begin to scan. He WILL immediately 
mobilize, and when he does, blast the music." A smile spread across Theoden's 
face before he checked this display of emotion.
                                  * * * * *
Deep Space, Rohan/Asmodeus Border:
"The fighters have been picked up... Scanning... Locked... Jamming...."
  "You gotta fight!      "NO...                "So what'cha
   For your right!        SLEEP...              What'cha
   To paaaarty!"          TIL BROOKLYN!"        What'cha want?"
    Theoden watched the monitor and quickly positioned his fighters in behind
Asmodeus' troops and Heavy crusers. The 15 seconds was over and the onslaught
began. some fighters were lost due to careless crossfire, but the battle was
won. 
    Asmodeus was captured and brought to Castle Akaii. There he would face
Theoden and Shang Ti to recieve his sentence. He knew deep within his heart
that neither would have any mercy on him. He knew that there he would die,
cold and alone. The next day came and rejoicing echoed throughout the empires.
Holding Asmodeus' head high for all to see were Shang Ti and the new, young 
emperor Theoden. Asmodeus was dead, but the war agenst evil was not ended, for
there was one missing among the dead, and somewhere out there lied an ancient
advesary... MING!
                                  * * * * *
                                  
Deep Space, A Cloaked Ship:
    "Hmmmm... Fools! All Fools!" The dark figure moved in his chair as he
hissed at the VidCon screen that showed Shang Ti holding the head of his best
agent. Asmodeus laughed aloud. "I will soon have my revenge!" 
    As he turned off the VidCon the door opened and Ming walked in.
    "So Asmodeus, you DID make it out alive!" Ming hissed.
    "Yesss. But those fools will PAY! Pay for my PAIN!" roared Asmodeus as he
turned exposing his charred face and cybereye.
    Ming withdrew a step in horror and added, "Yes. They WILL pay!"
     The Stairway Dream                      -=Satinka Istari=-
     First, I should tell you I can remember having this dream at LEAST 3
     times a year from the time I was about 9 or 10.  1989 - my 40th year -
     I only had it once.  I don't quite know if that means it's being
     resolved, or if I was just to immersed in other things to deal with
     it.
     My grandmother's house was an old 2-story white frame with a concrete
     basement foundation.  It had a cement slab porch with white columns on
     it, and which was screened from the nearby street by a forsythia
     hedge along the porch.  The front yard sloped down to the sidewalk and
     street; the back yard (it was a corner lot) was actually a square back
     and a narrow side yard, all surrounded by boxwood hedge.  Oak trees
     and a hickory tree (huge!) and one large stone (my "mother rock")
     were my playground as a child.  Inside the house, it was a typical
     older midwestern home: the front door opened into the livingroom, with
     a staircase directly in front leading to the second floor.  Clockwise
     on the 2nd floor landing were a linen closet, the largest bedroom, the
     2nd bedroom, the back bedroom, and the bathroom.  Downstairs, the left
     wall of the living room was common also to the dining room.  Beyond
     that (to the right) was the kitchen, with a screened in porch
     containing the back door, and a stairway down to the basement.
     Halfway down that stair was the "side door" outside.  All in all, a
     very typical house of the type built around 1920.
     The dream runs thusly:
     I am about 9 or 10 years old, sometimes younger, never older.  With my
     teddy bear (a gold fuzzy one, wearing a red bow collar), I come down
     the stairs, through the living and dining rooms and into the kitchen.
     No one is around, and no sound indicates any activity.  I'm frequently
     dressed in courderoy pants and a t-shirt type top, sometimes (but
     rarely) in pajamas or a dress.
     I open the pantry door, which is just above and to the right of the
     basement stairs.  Getting down flat on the floor, I slide under the
     bottom shelf (about 6 inches from the floor), and into a hole I know
     exists in the back corner.  When I get through, Teddy and I are in a
     strange area:
     This is the inside of the house as it would be if it were maybe 300
     stories up and down.  The walls are there, but there is a lot of room
     between them, and there are long, narrow staircases going up each
     wall, connecting all the floors, and sometimes running level all along
     a wall, like a catwalk. It's twilight or a bit lighter, but dull
     looking, and very quiet.
     There are people on the stairs.  Most of them are men - sometimes in
     groups of 3 or 4, mostly in singles and pairs.  They never talk above
     a whisper, but they do talk to each other.  The men are dressed in
     suits - gray or brown or black.  For some reason they remind me of a
     caricature of undertakers.  The women are in dresses and heels, with
     fancy hairdos and makeup on.  Men or women, they seem to always be
     walking up or down like they're going someplace important.  I always
     have the feeling that I should not be found by these people, so I hide
     BEHIND the stairs (on the wrong side - where I shouldn't be able to
     stand, but I can.  I can even climb the stairs over on this side).
     While I'm hiding out on the wrong side of the stairs, I can see into
     the rooms in my Grandmother's house.  It's like there's a small hole
     in every room.  I can see people sitting and talking, or eating, or
     watching tv and drinking beer... I can hear them talking, but I can
     never remember what was said.  I know I have to be quiet, because I
     don't want them to know I can see and hear them.
     When the "strange" people on the stairs are gone - I have never
     recognized one of them as anyone I ever knew - I can come out and go
     to another part of the stairs.  I can just dissolve through the stairs
     to the other side if I see someone coming I don't want to meet.  Each
     part of the stairs is a different room, but they're all in my
     grandmother's house.  Sometimes I'd see a room on one stairway, and
     see it later on another stairway decorated differently, but with the
     same people or activity in it.
     These dreams tend to come about 3 times a year, but there is no
     correlation as to when they show up.  So far, no coorelation between
     anything I've been doing and their appearance, either.  I do not ever
     remember leaving the pantry the way I came in - I usually wake up
     still on the stairs, and that's how I always remember it.
     Any ideas you have on this one will be greatly appreciated!
     (I can correlate parts of it to my natural shamanic abilities, but
     some of it seems to be more environmental or psychological(?))
          -=Satinka=-
Startrek... the Ultimate  S T O R Y !
Good Morning. My name is Mister Spock, Science officer of the
USS Enterprise, collector of rare Antarean tentacle flutes,
lead singer with the Sex Phasers, promulgator of interspecies
harmony and holder of the Vulcan boy scout in logic, second
class. This is my day:
     I am woken up by the Captain reading his log over the
P.A. at stardate 6:30 am. We're supposed to get a lie-in on
Sundays, but as there's a pre-credits crisis going on we'll
be racking up some overtime this month. The Enterprise is
stranded in the hole in the middle of a giant space doughnut
that needs our dilithium crystals for sugar frosting. By
five to seven, the Captain has confused it with a speech
about the essential good nature of humanity, complete with
extensive footnotes from the American constitution. It goes
away in disgust and I go back to bed.
     Get up at 11:30am, dial a breakfast of coffee,
croissants and a bowl of martian slime-warts washed down
with a quart of exotic Klingon Panther-Piss. I decide not to
bother shaving my eyebrows. I put on the stupid plastic ears
that Starfleet forces all its Science officers to wear &
crawl down to the bridge for another fun filled exciting day.
It's quiet. We're only on Yellow alert. Which is just as
well, I couldn't handle that stupid siren going Whoop-Whoop
this early in the morning.
     It seems we've come across a planet that shouldn't be
there, so all the important members of the crew, plus three
security officers from the Disposable Dork section, beam down.
The ship if left under the sterling command of Tibbles, the
ship's cat. Since all the Captain does all day is play with
his swivel chair and sing 'The Star-Spangled banner', the cat
makes an ideal substitute.
     On the planet's rocky surface, which my highly sensitive
instruments tell me is 20 yards square and made of plastic
(though I don't tell the Captain this), Kirk realises that
he's forgotten to put his ridiculous track-suit bottoms on and
goes back to the ship to get them. By the time he returns, the
three disposable dorks have died mysteriously, and bloody
McCoy has had the chance to say "He's dead, Jim!" three times.
     I'm always offended by the way people call ME Jim. Of
course, my Vulcan first name is unpronounceable, but does
anybody call me up and say: "Hey, Unpronounceable, how about
we cruise the space port, have a few Rigellian beers and get
laid?" No, its always: "Mr Spock, why don't you let your ears
down for a while ?"
     The Captain gets back. The planet is inhabited by a
vicious man eating-monster, a beautiful girl in glitter make-
up and an alien who dresses up in historical costumes left
over from some other series. This week, it's the Sheriff of
Nottingham, a primitive Earthling who liked to rob the poor
to feed the rich - so I understand. The Captain quotes more of
the constitution, gets off with the girl and kills the monster
while the rest of us sit around looking worried and putting on
our toenail polish.
     We beam back to the ship, have a little joke and all fall
about the place as we are zapped by Klingons.
     The little console in the corner that's supposed to shoot
out sparks when we're attacked shoots out sparks. (I've been
trying to get Starfleet to put in seatbelts for years).
     There's an entire Klingon battle fleet out there
determined to cream us because Captain Kirk got Klingon
Imperial High War-Bastard Krudd's daughter pregnant.
     "The dilithium crystals wonny take any more of this
Cap'n," says Mr Scott over the intercom. "The hamster that
works the little wheel that runs the impulse engines has died
of a heart attack, och aye, the noo, hoots mon." I don't know
why he pretends to be Scottish (as the Scots became extinct
seven centuries ago), but I expect it's go something to do
with the fact that he's an ex-Nazi interplanetary arms dealer
from Tau Ceti
     We asked the ship's computer what to do and it replies:
"You're such a smart-ass, pointy-ears, you figure it out."
Death is inevitable. However, I figure it out and we escape.
     I go down to the gym and practise my Vulcan combat moves.
I have just perfected the most deadly fighting move in the
universe - the dreaded Vulcan nose-pinch - guaranteed to get
you out of tight situations without having to use any
expensive special effects.
     Time for lunch in the Enterprise canteen - fish and
chips, apple pie and custard. And more bloody slim-warts.
Everybody laughs and tells dirty jokes I don't understand. So
I raise one eyebrow and slope off for a sulk.
     From 2 to 2.30 pm is my Vulcan rutting season, so watch
out. Yesterday I impregnated a stand-up ashtray. I have this
terrible urge to have sex with anything. The Captain calls by
for a friendly game of three dimensional chess......
     After we've finished our cigarettes, the Captain's mind
is taken over by an evil force-beam coming from a planet that
was colonised 300 years ago by unwanted TV gameshow hosts. He
forces Mr Sulu to dress up as a pink furry rabbit and tap
dance. Mr Chekov has to guess the price of the Enterprise in
roubles. He loses and is dropped in a vat of foam. I guess it
correctly down to the kopeck but am disqualified because I
refuse to sing "Nellie the Elephant" in Swahili backwards. I
suggest that as a solution, we kill the captain. I realise
there will be side-effects but I reckon I can live with them.
However, Murder proves unnecessary. After we blow up the
planet with a few photon torpedoes, the Captain returns to
"Normal".
     On the sub-space radio, we get a distress call from the
Federation colony on Planet Porn. The Captain paces up and
down a while, looks worried and asks Lieutenant Uhuru three
times to verify this. He has to repeat himself because
every time she turns to him in her swivel chair he gets a
chance to look up her skirt. Eventually, the Captain orders us
to proceed to the planet at Warp Factor 1. I'm constantly
amazed by the miracle of science that allows us to travel at
such frightening speeds. On a good day, Mr Scott can get as
much as 25 mph out of those engines!
     As we approach the planet, Kirk orders Mr Chekov to put
it up on the screen. "Aye Aye Keptin" say Chekov and the same
old football with blotchy bits painted on it flashes up in
front of us.
     Planet Porn is inhabited by men's magazine editors,
millions of attractive young women and a bunch of dribbling
photographers. Two thirds of its surface area is covered by a
massive ocean of beer. For reasons that are not entirely clear
to me, it is a popular tourist resort with male humans. We
make audio contact with the planet's chief administrator,
commander Randy Mackintosh, who explains the problem. They
have been invaded by a sinister race of intelligent marital
aids - vibrators are molesting the girls, the blow-up dolls
are blowing up beneath their owners and a huge amorphous mass
of strawberry flavoured joy-jelly is drinking all the beer. I
calculate that they will have taken over the planet completely
in 3.37485 hours precisely and everyone on the bridge throws
things at me for being a smart-ass. I further go on to suggest
that the logical way of dealing with this major threat to the
galaxy is to blow the planet to bits. But will they listen to
me? Oh no. I turn around to find that they've already beamed
down and that the Captain has left me a note saying that I'm
to get the Enterprise out of there and leave him behind if
he's not back by tea-time.
     Too bad. hey all get back in time having successfully
dealt with this threat to civilization as we know it. I
imagine that the Captain must have confused the sex aids with
dirty jokes from the American Constitution.
     In the evening, I go out and have fun, fun, fun at the
staff recreation room. We sink a few jars, do a little
differential calculus and all try to get off with Lieutenant
Uhuru. I get drunk and sing old Vulcan songs, such as "The
Pink Hills of Squidlblxx", "Four and Twenty Virgins Came Down
from Zuxccrnch", "My Baby was Partially Eaten by Romulans" and
"I Lost my Heart to an Organ-Bank Manageress". Everybody gets
fed up with this and Joe, the bartender, throws me out at
stardate five past three. I go back to my room, put on my E.T.
pyjamas, drop my ears into a glass of water and cry myself to
sleep.
                    
                    
                    D A R K  S U C K E R .
                    ======================
              Rewritten by the Quantum Mechanic
     For years it has been believed that electric bulbs emitted light.
However, recent information has proven otherwise. Electric bulbs don't 
emit light, they suck dark. Thus we call these bulbs dark suckers. The
dark sucker theory proves that the existence of dark has mass heavier
than that of light, and that dark is faster than light.
The basis of the dark sucker theory is that electric bulbs suck dark.
Take, for example, the dark suckers in the room where you are. There is
much less dark right next to them than there is elsewhere. The larger the
dark sucker, the greater its capacity to suck dark. Dark suckers in a
parking lot have a much greater capacity than the ones in this room. As
with all things, dark suckers don't last forever. Once they are full of
dark, they can no longer suck. This is proven by the black spot on a full
dark sucker. A candle is a primitive dark sucker. A new candle has a
white wick. You will notice that after the first use, the wick turns
black, representing all of the dark which has been sucked into it. If you
hold a pencil next to the wick of an operating candle, the tip will turn
black because it got in the way of the dark flowing into the candle.
Unfortunately, these primitive dark suckers have a very limited range.
There are also portable dark suckers. The bulbs in these can't handle all
of the dark by themselves, and must be aided by a dark storage unit. When
the dark storage unit is full, it must be either emptied or replaced
before the portable dark sucker can operate again.
Dark has mass. When dark goes into a dark sucker, friction from its mass
generates heat. Thus it is not wise to touch an operating dark sucker.
Candles present a special problem, as the dark must travel into a solid
wick instead of through clear glass. This generates a great amount of
heat, thus it can be dangerous to touch an operating candle. Dark is also
heavier than light. If you swim just below the surface of a lake, you see
a lot of light. If you slowly swim deeper and deeper, you notice it
slowly getting darker and darker. This is because the heavier dark sinks
to the bottom of the lake, and the lighter light floats to the top. The
immense power of dark can be utilized to man's advantage. We can collect
the dark that has settled to the bottom of lakes and push it through a
turbine, which generates electricity and helps push the dark to the ocean
where it may be safely stored. Prior to turbines, it was much more
difficult to get the dark from the rivers and lakes to the ocean. The
Indians recognized this problem, and tried to solve it . When on a river
in a canoe travelling in the same direction as the flow of dark, they
paddled slowly, so as not to stop the flow of dark; but when they
travelled against the flow of dark, they paddled quickly, so as to help
push the dark along its way.
Finally, we must prove that dark is faster than light. If you were to
stand in an illuminated room in front of a closed, dark closet, then
slowly open the closet door, you would see the light slowly enter the
closet; but since the dark is so fast, you would not be able to see the
dark leave the closet.
        In conclusion, I would like to say that dark suckers make all of our
lives much easier. So the next time you look at an electric bulb,
remember that it is indeed a dark sucker.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Downloaded from the Pinnacle Club (Auckland, NZ)  Thanks Bernadette!
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Comments and helpful criticizms are always welcome.  Please send them via
email to nm0w@andrew.cmu.edu.  Enjoy!
Nanci
2/20/93
----------------------------------------------------------------------
				  Sunday
				  ------
	Whap!  An arm shot out of the bed and soundly smacked the off
button on the alarm.  Sunday, again.  The covers seemed to take on a life
of their own as a disheveled head reluctantly burrowed it's way out into
the morning sun.  Groan.  Another Sunday.  Time for church.  Why can't they
do this in the evening, or at least in the afternoon or something?
Mornings are horrible, and Sunday is definitely the worst.
	Thunk.  Out of bed and onto the floor.  Making progress.  Grumble.
It's Sunday.  A haggard-looking form slowly crawled toward the open door
that was the bathroom.  Ugh, Sunday.  Got to get going!
	An hour later, a cleaner, prettier, and much more coherent woman
quietly left the small apartment.  At least it was warm and sunny out,
but unfortunately, there was no time to enjoy the weather.  Walking
quickly, the woman approached the big cathedral on the corner with a sense
of resolution and duty.  It meant nothing to her, but then, lifetime habits
weren't that easy to break.
	So she solemnly followed all of the other worshippers through the
giant doors with vague thoughts of herded sheep.  The sound of those doors
closing a minute later had an almost deafening finality.  Nothing could get
in or out now.  
	The music tried to majestically fill the huge sanctuary, but barely
managed to drift weakly back to where she was sitting.  Hymns, prayers,
kneeling, standing, preaching, chanting.  A chorus of robots mechanically
went through the motions of the service in unison.  She looked around her
and imagined she could see the consciousness, the life, of these poor people
struggling to get out, only to be stifled and buried alive under a ton of
sterility and boredom.  Time seemed to creep ever so slowly.  Tick tock
tick tock.  Would it never end?
	Then there was one word.  "Amen."  It seemed to create a stirring,
an awakening.  A tidal wave swept through the congregation taking with it
all the stuffiness and tension.  In an instant, the robotic sheep became a
sea of humanity, rushing to get out and far far away.  When it was empty,
the woman shook her head and slowly turned to go.  Never again, she
promised, never again.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------                    THE TAIL OF THE BEAR
   Once upon a time there lived a fisherman who earned a living selling fish, 
making his rounds to the customers on a horse-drawn cart loaded with his catch
of the day.
   One cold winter day, while the fisherman was crossing the woods, a fox 
smelled the fish and began following the cart at a close distance. The 
fisherman kept his trout in long wicker baskets and the sight of the fish made
the fox's mouth water. The fox, however, was reluctant to jump on the cart to 
steal a fish because the fisherman had a long whip that he cracked from time 
to time to spur on the horse. But the smell of fresh fish was so enticing that
the fox overcame her fear of the whip, leapt on to the cart and with a quick 
blow of her paw, dropped a wicker basket on the snow. The fisherman did not 
notice anything and continued his journey undisturbed.
   The fox was very happy. She opened the basket and got ready to enjoy her 
meal. She was about to taste the first bite when a bear appeared.
   "Where did you get all that marvellous trout?" the big bear asked with a 
hungry look on its face.
   "I've been fishing," the fox answered, unperturbed.
   "Fishing? How? The lake is frozen over," the bear said, incredulously. "How
did you manage to fish?"
   The fox was aware that, unless she could get rid of the bear with some kind
of excuse, she would have had to share her fish. But the only plausible answer
she could come up with was:
   "I fished with my tail."
   "With your tail?" said the bear, who was even more astonished.
