possession."
  "Excellent!" said Hopkins.
  "But these glasses do puzzle me, I confess. Lady Brackenstall
actually saw the three men drinking, did she not?"
  "Yes; she was clear about that."
  "Then there is an end of it. What more is to be said? And yet,
you must admlt, that the three glasses are very remarkable,
Hopkins. What? You see nothing remarkable? Well, well, let it
pass. Perhaps, when a man has special knowledge and special
powers like my own, it rather encourages him to seek a complex
explanation when a simpler one is at hand. Of course, it must be
a mere chance about the glasses. Well, good-morning, Hopkins.
I don't see that I can be of any use to you, and you appear to
have your case very clear. You will let me know when Randall is
arrested, and any further developments which may occur. I trust
that I shall soon have to congratulate you upon a successful
conclusion. Come, Watson, I fancy that we may employ our-
selves more profitably at home."
  During our return journey, I could see by Holmes's face that
he was much puzzled by something which he had observed.
Every now and then, by an effort, he would throw off the
impression, and talk as if the matter were clear, but then his
doubts would settle down upon him again, and his knitted brows
and abstracted eyes would show that his thoughts had gone back
once more to the great dining-room of the Abbey Grange, in
which this midnight tragedy had been enacted. At last, by a
sudden impulse, just as our train was crawling out of a suburban
station, he sprang on to the platform and pulled me out after
him.
  "Excuse me, my dear fellow," said he, as we watched the
rear carriages of our train disappearing round a curve, "I am
sorry to make you the victim of what may seem a mere whim,
but on my life, Watson, I simply can't leave that case in this
condition. Every instinct that I possess cries out against it. It's
wrong -- it's all wrong -- I'll swear that it's wrong. And yet the
lady's story was complete, the maid's corroboration was suffi-
cient, the detail was fairly exact. What have I to put up against
that? Three wine-glasses, that is all. But if I had not taken things
for granted, if I had examined everything with care which I
should have shown had we approached the case de novo and had
no cut-and-dried story to warp my mind, should I not then have
found something more definite to go upon? Of course I should.
Sit down on this bench, Watson, until a train for Chiselhurst
arrives, and allow me to lay the evidence before you, imploring
you in the first instance to dismiss from your mind the idea that
anything which the maid or her mistress may have said must
necessarily be true. The lady's charming personality must not be
permitted to warp our judgment.
   "Surely there are details in her story which, if we looked at
in cold blood, would excite our suspicion. These burglars made a
considerable haul at Sydenham a fortnight ago. Some account of
them and of their appearance was in the papers, and would
naturally occur to anyone who wished to invent a story in which
imaginary robbers should play a part. As a matter of fact,
burglars who have done a good stroke of business are as a rule
only too glad to enjoy the proceeds in peace and quiet without
embarking on another perilous undertaking. Again, it is unusual
for burglars to operate at so early an hour, it is unusual for
burglars to strike a lady to prevent her screaming, since one
would imagine that was the sure way to make her scream, it is
unusual for them to commit murder when their numbers are
sufficient to overpower one man, it is unusual for them to be
content with a limited plunder when there was much more within
their reach, and finally, I should say, that it was very unusual for
such men to leave a bottle half empty. How do all these unusuals
strike you, Watson?"
  "Their cumulative effect is certainly considerable, and yet
each of them is quite possible in itself. The most unusual thing
of all, as it seems to me, is that the lady should be tied to the
chair. "
  "Well, I am not so clear about that, Watson, for it is evident
that they must either kill her or else secure her in such a way that
she could not give immediate notice of their escape. But at any
rate I have shown, have I not, that there is a certain element of
improbability about the lady's story? And now, on the top of
this, comes the incident of the wineglasses."
  "What about the wineglasses?"
  "Can you see them in your mind's eye?"
  "I see them clearly."
  "We are told that three men drank from them. Does that strike
you as likely?"
  "Why not? There was wine in each glass."
  "Exactly, but there was beeswing only in one glass. You must
have noticed that fact. What does that suggest to your mind?"
  "The last glass filled would be most likely to contain beeswing."
  "Not at all. The bottle was full of it, and it is inconceivable
that the first two glasses were clear and the third heavily charged
with it. There are two possible explanations, and only two. One
is that after the second glass was filled the bottle was violently
agitated, and so the third glass received the beeswing. That does
not appear probable. No, no, I am sure that I am right."
  "What, then, do you suppose?"
  "That only two glasses were used, and that the dregs of both
were poured into a third glass, so as to give the false impression
that three people had been here. In that way all the beeswing
would be in the last glass, would it not? Yes, I am convinced
that this is so. But if I have hit upon the true explanation of this
one small phenomenon, then in an instant the case rises from the
commonplace to the exceedingly remarkable, for it can only
mean that Lady Brackenstall and her maid have deliberately lied
to us, that not one word of their story is to be believed, that they
have some very strong reason for covering the real criminal, and
that we must construct our case for ourselves without any help
from them. That is the mission which now lies before us, and
here, Watson, is the Sydenham train."
  The household at the Abbey Grange were much surprised at
our return, but Sherlock Holmes, finding that Stanley Hopkins
had gone off to report to headquarters, took possession of the
dining-room, locked the door upon the inside, and devoted him-
self for two hours to one of those minute and laborious investiga-
tions which form the solid basis on which his brilliant edifices of
deduction were reared. Seated in a corner like an interested
student who observes the demonstration of his professor, I fol-
lowed every step of that remarkable research. The window, the
curtains, the carpet, the chair, the rope -- each in turn was mi-
nutely examined and duly pondered. The body of the unfortunate
baronet had been removed, and all else remained as we had seen
it in the morning. Finally, to my astonishment, Holmes climbed
up on to the massive mantelpiece. Far above his head hung the
few inches of red cord which were still attached to the wire. For
a long time he gazed upward at it, and then in an attempt to get
nearer to it he rested his knee upon a wooden bracket on the
wall. This brought his hand within a few inches of the broken
end of the rope, but it was not this so much as the bracket itself
which seemed to engage his attention. Finally, he sprang down
with an ejaculation of satisfaction.
  "It's all right, Watson," said he. "We have got our case --
one of the most remarkable in our collection. But, dear me, how
slow-witted I have been, and how nearly I have committed the
blunder of my lifetime! Now, I think that, with a few missing
links, my chain is almost complete."
  "You have got your men?"
  "Man, Watson, man. Only one, but a very formidable person.
Strong as a lion -- witness the blow that bent that poker! Six foot
three in height, active as a squirrel, dexterous with his fingers,
finally, remarkably quick-witted, for this whole ingenious story
is of his concoction. Yes, Watson, we have come upon the
handiwork of a very remarkable individual. And yet, in that
bell-rope, he has given us a clue which should not have left us a
doubt. "
  "Where was the clue?"
  "Well, if you were to pull down a bell-rope, Watson, where
would you expect it to break? Surely at the spot where it is
attached to the wire. Why should it break three inches from the
top, as this one has done?"
  "Because it is frayed there?"
  "Exactly. This end, which we can examine, is frayed. He was
cunning enough to do that with his knife. But the other end is not
frayed. You could not observe that from here, but if you were on
the mantelpiece you would see that it is cut clean off without any
mark of fraying whatever. You can reconstruct what occurred.
The man needed the rope. He would not tear it down for fear of
giving the alarm by ringing the bell. What did he do? He sprang
up on the mantelpiece, could not quite reach it, put his knee on
the bracket -- you will see the impression in the dust -- and so got
his knife to bear upon the cord. I could not reach the place by at
least three inches -- from which I infer that he is at least three
inches a bigger man than I. Look at that mark upon the seat of
the oaken chair! What is it?"
  "Blood."
  "Undoubtedly it is blood. This alone puts the lady's story out
of court. If she were seated on the chair when the crime was
done, how comes that mark? No, no, she was placed in the chair
after the death of her husband. I'll wager that the black dress
shows a corresponding mark to this. We have not yet met our
Waterloo, Watson, but this is our Marengo, for it begins in
defeat and ends in victory. I should like now to have a few
words with the nurse, Theresa. We must be wary for a while, if
we are to get the information which we want."
  She was an interesting person, this stern Australian nurse --
taciturn, suspicious, ungracious, it took some time before Holmes's
pleasant manner and frank acceptance of all that she said thawed
her into a corresponding amiability. She did not attempt to
conceal her hatred for her late employer.
  "Yes, sir, it is true that he threw the decanter at me. I heard
him call my mistress a name, and I told him that he would not
dare to speak so if her brother had been there. Then it was that
he threw it at me. He might have thrown a dozen if he had but
left my bonny bird alone. He was forever ill-treating her, and she
too proud to complain. She will not even tell me all that he has
done to her. She never told me of those marks on her arm that
you saw this morning, but I know very well that they come from
a stab with a hatpin. The sly devil -- God forgive me that I should
speak of him so, now that he is dead! But a devil he was, if ever
one walked the earth. He was all honey when first we met
him -- only eighteen months ago, and we both feel as if it were
eighteen years. She had only just arrived in London. Yes, it was
her first voyage -- she had never been from home before. He won
her with his title and his money and his false London ways. If
she made a mistake she has paid for it, if ever a woman did.
What month did we meet him? Well, I tell you it was just after
we arrived. We arrived in June, and it was July. They were
married in January of last year. Yes, she is down in the morning-
room again, and I have no doubt she will see you, but you must
not ask too much of her, for she has gone through all that flesh
and blood will stand."
  Lady Brackenstall was reclining on the same couch, but looked
brighter than before. The maid had entered with us, and began
once more to foment the bruise upon her mistress's brow.
  "I hope," said the lady, "that you have not come to cross-
examine me again?"
  "No," Holmes answered, in his gentlest voice, "I will not
cause you any unnecessary trouble, Lady Brackenstall, and my
whole desire is to make things easy for you, for I am convinced
that you are a much-tried woman. If you will treat me as a friend
and trust me, you may find that I will justify your trust."
  "What do you want me to do?"
  "To tell me the truth."
  "Mr. Holmes!"
  "No, no, Lady Brackenstall -- it is no use. You may have
heard of any little reputation which I possess. I will stake it all
on the fact that your story is an absolute fabrication."
  Mistress and maid were both staring at Holmes with pale faces
and frightened eyes.
  "You are an impudent fellow!" cried Theresa. "Do you mean
to say that my mistress has told a lie?"
  Holmes rose from his chair.
  "Have you nothing to tell me?"
  "I have told you everything."
  "Think once more, Lady Brackenstall. Would it not be better
to be frank?"
  For an instant there was hesitation in her beautiful face. Then
some new strong thought caused it to set like a mask.
  "I have told you all I know."
  Holmes took his hat and shrugged his shoulders. "I am sorry,"
he said, and without another word we left the room and the
house. There was a pond in the park, and to this my friend led
the way. It was frozen over, but a single hole was left for the
convenience of a solitary swan. Holmes gazed at it, and then
passed on to the lodge gate. There he scribbled a short note for
Stanley Hopkins, and left it with the lodge-keeper.
  "It may be a hit, or it may be a miss, but we are bound to do
something for friend Hopkins, just to justify this second visit,"
said he. "I will not quite take him into my confidence yet. I
think our next scene of operations must be the shipping office of
the Adelaide-Southampton line, which stands at the end of Pall
Mall, if I remember right. There is a second line of steamers
which connect South Australia with England, but we will draw
the larger cover first."
  Holmes's card sent in to the manager ensured instant attention,
and he was not long in acquiring all the information he needed.
In June of '95, only one of their line had reached a home port. It
was the Rock of Gibraltar, their largest and best boat. A refer-
ence to the passenger list showed that Miss Fraser, of Adelaide,
with her maid had made the voyage in her. The boat was now
somewhere south of the Suez Canal on her way to Australia. Her
officers were the same as in '95, with one exception. The first
officer, Mr. Jack Crocker, had been made a captain and was to
take charge of their new ship, the Bass Rock, sailing in two
days' time from Southampton. He lived at Sydenham, but he
was likely to be in that morning for instructions, if we cared to
wait for him.
  No, Mr. Holmes had no desire to see him, but would be glad
to know more about his record and character.
  His record was magnificent. There was not an officer in the
fleet to touch him. As to his character, he was reliable on duty
but a wild, desperate fellow off the deck of his ship -- hot-
headed, excitable, but loyal, honest, and kind-hearted. That was
the pith of the information with which Holmes left the office of
the Adelaide-Southampton company. Thence he drove to Scot-
land Yard, but, instead of entering, he sat in his cab with his
brows drawn down, lost in profound thought. Finally he drove
round to the Charing Cross telegraph office, sent off a message,
and then, at last, we made for Baker Street once more.
  "No, I couldn't do it, Watson," said he, as we reentered our
room. "Once that warrant was made out, nothing on earth would
save him. Once or twice in my career I feel that I have done
more real harm by my discovery of the criminal than ever he had
done by his crime. I have learned caution now, and I had rather
play tricks with the law of England than with my own con-
science. Let us know a little more before we act."
  Before evening, we had a visit from Inspector Stanley Hop-
kins. Things were not going very well with him.
  "I believe that you are a wizard, Mr. Holmes. I really do
sometimes think that you have powers that are not human. Now,
how on earth could you know that the stolen silver was at the
bottom of that pond?"
  "I didn't know it."
  "But you told me to examine it."
  "You got it, then?"
  "Yes, I got it."
  "I am very glad if I have helped you."
  "But you haven't helped me. You have made the affair far
more difficult. What sort of burglars are they who steal silver
and then throw it into the nearest pond?"
  "It was certainly rather eccentric behaviour. I was merely
going on the idea that if the silver had been taken by persons
who did not want it -- who merely took it for a blind, as it
were -- then they would naturally be anxious to get rid of it."
  "But why should such an idea cross your mind?"
  "Well, I thought it was possible. When they came out through
the French window, there was the pond with one tempting little
hole in the ice, right in front of their noses. Could there be a
better hiding-place?"
  "Ah, a hiding-place -- that is better!" cried Stanley Hopkins.
"Yes, yes, I see it all now! It was early, there were folk upon
the roads, they were afraid of being seen with the silver, so they
sank it in the pond, intending to return for it when the coast was
clear. Excellent, Mr. Holmes -- that is better than your idea of a
blind. "
  "Quite so, you have got an admirable theory. I have no doubt
that my own ideas were quite wild, but you must admit that they
have ended in discovering the silver."
  ''Yes, sir -- yes. It was all your doing. But I have had a bad
setback."
  "A setback?"
  "Yes, Mr. Holmes. The Randall gang were arrested in New
York this morning."
  "Dear me, Hopkins! That is certainly rather against your
theory that they committed a murder in Kent last night."
  "It is fatal, Mr. Holmes -- absolutely fatal. Still, there are
other gangs of three besides the Randalls, or it may be some new
gang of which the police have never heard."
  "Quite so, it is perfectly possible. What, are you off?"
  "Yes, Mr. Holmes, there is no rest for me until I have got to
the bottom of the business. I suppose you have no hint to give
me?"
  "I have given you one."
  "Which?"
  "Well, I suggested a blind."
  "But why, Mr. Holmes, why?"
  "Ah, that's the question, of course. But I commend the idea
to your mind. You might possibly find that there was something
in it. You won't stop for dinner? Well, good-bye, and let us
know how you get on."
  Dinner was over, and the table cleared before Holmes alluded
to the matter again. He had lit his pipe and held his slippered feet
to the cheerful blaze of the fire. Suddenly he looked at his
watch.
  "I expect developments, Watson."
  "When?' '
  "Now -- within a few minutes. I dare say you thought I acted
rather badly to Stanley Hopkins just now?"
  "I trust your judgment."
  "A very sensible reply, Watson. You must look at it this way:
what I know is unofficial, what he knows is official. I have the
right to private judgment, but he has none. He must disclose all,
or he is a traitor to his service. In a doubtful case I would not put
him in so painful a position, and so I reserve my information
until my own mind is clear upon the matter."
  "But when will that be?"
  "The time has come. You will now be present at the last
scene of a remarkable little drama."
  There was a sound upon the stairs, and our door was opened
to admit as fine a specimen of manhood as ever passed through
it. He was a very tall young man, golden-moustached, blue-
eyed, with a skin which had been burned by tropical suns, and a
springy step, which showed that the huge frame was as active as
it was strong. He closed the door behind him, and then he stood
with clenched hands and heaving breast, choking down some
overmastering emotion.
  "Sit down, Captain Crocker. You got my telegram?"
  Our visitor sank into an armchair and looked from one to the
other of us with questioning eyes.
  "I got yow telegram, and I came at the hour you said. I heard
that you had been down to the office. There was no getting away
from you. Let's hear the worst. What are you going to do with
me? Arrest me? Speak out, man! You can't sit there and play
with me like a cat with a mouse."
  "Give him a cigar," said Holmes. "Bite on that, Captain
Crocker, and don't let your nerves run away with you. I should
not sit here smoking with you if I thought that you were a
common criminal, you may be sure of that. Be frank with me
and we may do some good. Play tricks with me, and I'll crush
you."
  "What do you wish me to do?"
  "To give me a true account of all that happened at the Abbey
Grange last night -- a true account, mind you, with nothing added
and nothing taken off. I know so much already that if you go one
inch off the straight, I'll blow this police whistle from my
window and the affair goes out of my hands forever."
  The sailor thought for a little. Then he struck his leg with his
great sunburned hand.
  "I'll chance it," he cried. "I believe you are a man of your
word, and a white man, and I'll tell you the whole story. But one
thing I will say first. So far as I am concerned, I regret nothing
and I fear nothing, and I would do it all again and be proud of
the job. Damn the beast, if he had as many lives as a cat, he
would owe them all to me! But it's the lady, Mary -- Mary
Fraser -- for never will I call her by that accursed name. When I
think of getting her into trouble, I who would give my life just to
bring one smile to her dear face, it's that that turns my soul into
water. And yet -- and yet -- what less could I do? I'll tell you my
story, gentlemen, and then I'll ask you, as man to man, what
less could I do?
  "I must go back a bit. You seem to know everything, so I
expect that you know that I met her when she was a passenger
and I was first officer of the Rock of Gibraltar. From the first
day I met her, she was the only woman to me. Every day of that
voyage I loved her more, and many a time since have I kneeled
down in the darkness of the night watch and kissed the deck of
that ship because I knew her dear feet had trod it. She was never
engaged to me. She treated me as fairly as ever a woman treated
a man. I have no complaint to make. It was all love on my side,
and all good comradeship and friendship on hers. When we
parted she was a free woman, but I could never again be a free
man.
  "Next time I came back from sea, I heard of her marriage.
Well, why shouldn't she marry whom she liked? Title and
money -- who could carry them better than she? She was born for
all that is beautiful and dainty. I didn't grieve over her marriage.
I was not such a selfish hound as that. I just rejoiced that good
luck had come her way, and that she had not thrown herself
away on a penniless sailor. That's how I loved Mary Fraser.
  "Well, I never thought to see her again, but last voyage I was
promoted, and the new boat was not yet launched, so I had to
wait for a couple of months with my people at Sydenham. One
day out in a country lane I met Theresa Wright, her old maid.
She told me all about her, about him, about everything. I tell
you, gentlemen, it nearly drove me mad. This drunken hound,
that he should dare to raise his hand to her, whose boots he was
not worthy to lick! I met Theresa again. Then I met Mary
herself -- and met her again. Then she would meet me no more.
But the other day I had a notice that I was to start on my voyage
within a week, and I determined that I would see her once before
I left. Theresa was always my friend, for she loved Mary and
hated this villain almost as much as I did. From her I learned the
ways of the house. Mary used to sit up reading in her own little
room downstairs. I crept round there last night and scratched at
the window. At first she would not open to me, but in her heart I
know that now she loves me, and she could not leave me in the
frosty night. She whispered to me to come round to the big front
window, and I found it open before me, so as to let me into the
dining-room. Again I heard from her own lips things that made
my blood boil, and again I cursed this brute who mishandled the
woman I loved. Well, gentlemen, I was standing with her just
inside the window, in all innocence, as God is my judge, when
he rushed like a madman into the room, called her the vilest
name that a man could use to a woman, and welted her across
the face with the stick he had in his hand. I had sprung for the
poker, and it was a fair fight between us. See here, on my arm,
where his first blow fell. Then it was my turn, and I went
through him as if he had been a rotten pumpkin. Do you think I
was sorry? Not I! It was his life or mine, but far more than that,
it was his life or hers, for how could I leave her in the power of
this madman? That was how I killed him. Was I wrong? Well,
then, what would either of you gentlemen have done, if you had
been in my position?"
  "She had screamed when he struck her, and that brought old
Theresa down from the room above. There was a bottle of wine
on the sideboard, and I opened it and poured a little between
Mary's lips, for she was half dead with shock. Then I took a
drop myself. Theresa was as cool as ice, and it was her plot as
much as mine. We must make it appear that burglars had done
the thing. Theresa kept on repeating our story to her mistress,
while I swarmed up and cut the rope of the bell. Then I lashed
her in her chair, and frayed out the end of the rope to make it
look natural, else they would wonder how in the world a burglar
could have got up there to cut it. Then I gathered up a few plates
and pots of silver, to carry out the idea of the robbery, and there
I left them, with orders to give the alarm when I had a quarter of
an hour's start. I dropped the silver into the pond, and made off
for Sydenham, feeling that for once in my life I had done a real
good night's work. And that's the truth and the whole truth, Mr.
Holmes, if it costs me my neck."
  Holmes smoked for some time in silence. Then he crossed the
room, and shook our visitor by the hand.
  "That's what I think," said he. "I know that every word is
true, for you have hardly said a word which I did not know. No
one but an acrobat or a sailor could have got up to that bell-rope
from the bracket, and no one but a sailor could have made the
knots with which the cord was fastened to the chair. Only once
had this lady been brought into contact with sailors, and that was
on her voyage, and it was someone of her own class of life,
since she was trying hard to shield him, and so showing that she
loved him. You see how easy it was for me to lay my hands
upon you when once I had started upon the right trail."
  "I thought the police never could have seen through our
dodge."
  "And the police haven't, nor will they, to the best of my
belief. Now, look here, Captain Crocker, this is a very serious
matter, though I am willing to admit that you acted under the
most extreme provocation to which any man could be subjected.
I am not sure that in defence of your own life your action will
not be pronounced legitimate. However, that is for a British jury
to decide. Meanwhile I have so much sympathy for you that, if
you choose to disappear in the next twenty-four hours, I will
promise you that no one will hinder you."
  "And then it will all come out?"
  "Certainly it will come out."
  The sailor flushed with anger.
  "What sort of proposal is that to make a man? I know enough
of law to understand that Mary would be held as accomplice. Do
you think I would leave her alone to face the music while I slunk
away? No, sir, let them do their worst upon me, but for heaven's
sake, Mr. Holmes, find some way of keeping my poor Mary out
of the courts. "
  Holmes for a second time held out his hand to the sailor.
  "I was only testing you, and you ring true every time. Well, it
is a great responsibility that I take upon myself, but I have given
Hopkins an excellent hint, and if he can't avail himself of it I can
do no more. See here, Captain Crocker, we'll do this in due
form of law. You are the prisoner. Watson, you are a British
jury, and I never met a man who was more eminently fitted to
represent one. I am the judge. Now, gentleman of the jury, you
have heard the evidence. Do you find the prisoner guilty or not
guilty?"
  "Not guilty, my lord," said I.
  "Vox populi, vox Dei. You are acquitted, Captain Crocker.
So long as the law does not find some other victim you are safe
from me. Come back to this lady in a year, and may her future
and yours justify us in the judgment which we have pronounced
this night!"
  The abyss is a steep wall, reaching left and right for as long as
anyone has ever travelled, up at least ten thousand levels from where I
sit, and (in myth) down to the depths of Sheol, where the air burns, and
the face of the abyss wall melts and runs perpetually downward, into a
molten infinity.  Standing on one of the switchbacked roads that men
have scratched into the wall, looking out away from the wall, there is
just darkness, fallers, and debris.  Down and out, an occasional red
glow from (one supposes) Sheol appears, but nothing else.  Sound from
the abyss is (in the absence of passers-by) only an occasional sighing,
as of distant winds, or very distant gales.
  Our scientists have determined that the light we see by, that wells in
the day and wanes in the night, comes from the rock of the wall, and the
air itself near to the wall.  Why it waxes and wanes, and what force can
cause the very air to give out with light, they cannot say.
  Men's houses sit on the wall like the round, dusty hills of the
spider's nests, clinging to the houses' walls.  Roads are hacked into
the rock, winding switchbacked between the houses, through towns, narrow
and crumbling in the wilderness.  Left to itself, the wall face is
irregular, bumpy, with long cracks and clefts, ledges leading to
nowhere, chimneys and hollows.
  The general tendency of each level is to slope inward (toward the
wall) at an angle comprising about one twentieth part of a circle from
the abyssward direction (the direction of the pull of gravity).  At the
border between one level and the next, there is an overhang, so that the
lowest parts of the upper level thrust outward into the void beyond the
upper parts of the lower level, and in fact beyond the lower parts of
the lower level, so that although each level slopes wallward, the
general tendency of the wall as a whole is to jut abyssward.  At least
this is what the legend says, and the dim looming greyness we see
looking up in the daytime, and the evidence of debris and fallers,
supports it.
  Passing from one level to the next lower is thus possible, although
neither easily nor without danger, by the means of long ropes and
pulleys or (if no assistance is to be had on the level below) by
swinging.  Travel in the opposite direction, from lower to higher
levels, is on the other hand all but impossible in the normal course of
things.  The rock of the border overhangs is tough and not subject to
cracks or fissures large enough to permit passage, yet has enough of a
tendency to flake and chip near the point that all efforts to establish
permanent bridges from this level to either of its neighbors have met
with (usually tragic) failure.
  The vertical height of the level varies, being generally between two
and five days travel from lower overhang to upper.  This does not take
into account the twists of our roads; if it were possible to move
directly against gravity, the distance would of course be much shorter.
  Because it is in general possible to cross the boundaries between
levels in only one direction, the general spread of humanity has been
downwards, towards (presumably) Sheol.	The population seems to be
distributed uniformly in the lateral direction (left and right across
the level), but to be spreading slowly downward between levels, as if
humanity had begun somewhere far, far above (and why else would the
levels be numbered, reckoned from up to down).	Strong tradition holds
that when one level becomes too crowded, the dangerous migration down to
the next becomes more common, until the lessening of population due to
bordercrossings (successful and unsuccessful) balances the birthrate.
As our people are never extremely fecund, this desertion rate need not
be high.
  There is some evidence to support popular tradition's picture of human
migration.  The villages near the top of the level tend to be the oldest
and best established, and the density of population there is higher.
   One of the favorite and longest-disputed topics among the
philosophers of this level is the fate of fallers.  Fallers are those
persons, or seeming persons, who pass by the level, more or less far out
in the abyss, on their way from somewhere above to somewhere below.
The popular wisdom states that the fate of fallers is simply to fall,
until they reach the levels of Sheol, and are melted to nothingness.
This is too simple for many of our wisest, however.  They are divided
into several schools.  One set of schools holds that, somewhere between
this level and the deadly nether reaches, there is something that brings
the fallers to a halt.	The schools disagree in the nature and placement
of these obstacles, the purposes of their creators (if any), whether or
not the obstacles are such that the fallers are destroyed upon meeting
them, and a host of other questions.
   One of the more notorious schools of faller theory, popular in our
great-grandfathers' day, held that ten thousand levels down, silken nets
bring the fallers to a gentle halt, and they are led off by servitors
(there was a schism early in the history of this theory on the question
of the gender, if any, of these) to await, in honored opulence, the day
when the normal migration of humanity reaches those regions.  This
school flourished in that time of optimism, but it tapered off as its
most staunch defenders journeyed to the lower edge of the level and
hurled themselves hopefully into space, equipped with greater or smaller
numbers of philosophic texts, missives, and holy runes intended to
ensure their friendly (not to say warm) reception in the Advanced
Regions.
==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==-==
        _  _
\      (_><_)             And if you enjoyed this Text-file, Call:
 \_______[]_____       The Works "914's Text-file BBS" at (914)/238-8195
               _\    300/1200 N,8,1 1200 baud only from 6:00pm to 12:00mid
  ___________  \>\      10 Megabytes on-line    Anti-RBBS and Networks
 /           >    \         SysOps: Jason Scott & Terror Ferret
/            =======            (900) Text-files on-line!
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following names compose a monument to last forever in the electronic
highway: Patrizia Bravi  Alessandra Bravi  Glenda Frank   Marcelle Dumont
         Donna Reznik    Valentina Bravi   Britt Warner   Jennifer Gruen
--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--=--
                                             adler.txt
                                             Ben Blumenberg
                                             Reality Software
                                             P.O. Box 105
                                             Waldoboro, ME 04572
                                             June 26, 1992
                 THE CHRONICLES OF ASTRUS II:
                           FATHER ADLER
     Father Adler sat at the bar, his right hand around a mug of
Dunubian beer.  His eyes were unfocused and stared into
nothingness.  He was of medium height; muscular, deeply tanned,
with a scraggly grey moustache and beard.  Father Adler was
dressed in the black shirt, black pants and silver boots of a
rhubidium miner.  Tied around his neck was a small leather pouch
of a type that would have held gunpowder on an Earth of untold
eons in the past.  This pouch, however, was reputed to hold earth
from Earth.  No one knew for certain, of course.
      Two attributes of Father Adler were most striking, and they
were qualities one sensed, rather than observed directly.  One
was was his age, which in spite of his physical appearance, was
believed to be very old, perhaps measured in centuries.  Most of
us who have talked with Father Adler agree on this, although it
is an intuitive perception shared by many.  No one dares to ask
him how old he really is.  Father Adler's temper is legendary as
is his skill with a carbonium long knife.  Several murders in bar
fights are part of his story, although such events are hardly
uncommon in the lawless, frontier, mining towns of the resource
planets in the twelfth quadrant.
     The other characteristic of Father Adler that one senses
intuitively is his wounded soul.  Great sadness, melancholy and
torment radiate outward from his being.  It is strange to
recognize that such feelings dominate a man whose reputation for
feats of great courage, physical stamina and violence is well
attested.  Nonetheless, there it is and all agree it is very
real.  This terrifying, awesome legend seems to be slowly dying
inside from great sadness, pain and unknown demons. 
     Needless to say, the speculation in the bars, dives and
brothels of the twelfth quadrant never ceases.  Who is Father
Adler?  If the legend is true, he appeared one day several
centuries ago in the mining town of Belit-sheri on Prisca looking
for work as a rhubidium chopper, a dangerous, suicidal occupation
if there ever was one.  If those stories are true, Father Adler
looked exactly as he does today.  If those tales are true, he is
as old as a Dacian.  Yet he travels between the stars as we all
do.  In any case, who has ever heard of a male Dacian?
     What could torment this man of awesome physical and
intellectual powers?  He seems to carry no guilt over those he
has killed.  He is treated with great respect and deference by
all.  Women are hardly a problem.  All ages, races and varieties
flock to his side and many share his bed.  Most seem to actually
like him.  What torments him, then?  An unspeakable,
unmentionable, foul crime?  A lost love?  Had Father Adler, once
upon a time, loved deeply, commitedly and then lost the object of
such passions?  The very idea seems preposterous!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
     The bar where Fadler Adler was drinking and daydreaming was
the Bragi in the mining town of Celine on the resource planet
Vasa.  The Bragi was legendary both for the potency of its drinks
and the quality of its fights.  The walls were panelled in
factory reject rhubidium as befitted the best watering hole in
the richest mining town in the galaxy.  The floors, tables and
bar top were highly polished cratagus wood.  The bartender was an
old friend of Father Adler's, a Tygor by the name of Sam XI.
Seven feet tall with flowing black hair, green skin and both nose
and gills, Sam presented a terryifying appearance.  However,
within the usual realm of daily life, Sam was the gentlest of
souls.  He has been happily married to the same woman for forty
years and was the father of three gorgeous, if somewhat tall,
daughters.  The bar girls of the Bragi were in a class by
themselves.  Their beauty was unsurpassed and the pleasures they
offered were hardly confined to the drinks they served.
     On this particular Saturday evening, the Bragi was in its
usual state of alcoholic and sexual bedlam.  Father Adler sat in
the middle of it all, oblivious to the maelstrom swirling around
him.  It was stiffling hot this late summer night and the ceiling
fans provided little relief.
     Aroudn 10 P.M., the doors to the Bragi burst open and a
blast of steaming hot air blew across the saloon.  In strode
Oriana, the Dacian companion of the fabled oracular unicorn of
Kushanah.  She was clad tightly in gold, but it was a dull gold
that neither gleamed nor shone.  Shirt, pants and boots had
neither sheen nor sparkle.  Her golden hair which fell to her
waist in straight lines did shine in the semi-gloom of the Bragi
and her purple eyes caught and reflected what little light was
available.  The darkness hid her disfigured face and the scars
that criss-crossed across her right eye and down her throat.
     Everyone, bar maids, hookers, waiters, miners, off duty
military personnel and assorted nameless riff-faff, fell silent
and stared.  All had heard of Oriana for she was a living,
immortal myth.  They knew every detail of her appearance but only
two had every seen her in the flesh; Sam and Father Adler.  Sam
studiously wiped the spotlessly clean counter and refused to look
up at the Dacian as she strode in.  Father Adler, sipping his
beer at the bar with his back to the door, did not even turn
around.
     Oriana strode up to Father Adler, stopped a few feet from
his back, and spoke softly with great warmth.  "Jared, great evil
is loose in the galaxy.  We need you, once again."
     No answer, no movement.
     "Jared, we need you.  All sentient beings need you.  Come."
     Father Adler took another sip of his beer but still did not
turn around. 
     "Jared, please!  Think of others, your own concerns are
nothing now.  They need you!"
     Jared/Father Adler swivelled slowly on his bar stool and
faced the Dacian, an incredible expression upon his face of hate
and love, anguish and torment.  The Bragi was so quiet you could
have heard a Varangian fly cough.
     "Get lost, Oriana", hissed Jared.
     "Jared, please. I...I need you."  Oriana's voice could
barely be heard.  She attempted to lay her right hand on Jared's
but he quickly withdrew his arm. 
     "Another beer, Sam."
     The Tygor was now staring at the Dacian directly, hard and
without fear.  He refilled Jared's mug.
     "Jared, I love you."  A tear flowed from Oriana's disfigured
eye down her cheek.  "I love you."
     "You bitch!" Jared nearly bellowed.  "You love me, do you?
If that isn't the most perverse joke in the quadrant!"
     "Jared, I do. I ..."
     "Oh, shut up! I've taken a lot from you over the centuries ,
but this tops it all.  You love me! I'm kinder to those I kill
than you've been to me.  Do you call your response to me on
Kushanah, love?"
     Jared was standing now, his nose an inch from Oriana's face.
Tears streamed down her face.  Sam stared at the two of them in
his odd, intense, detached way.  Everyone else in the Bragi was
transfixed.  Was the mystery of Father Adler about to be
unravelled?
     "You don't love anyone but yourself and that damned unicorn!
You use people like pawns, like furniture and to what ends the
gods only know.  You use them icily and then fling them away like
flies or matchsticks.  You my dear, are the ultimate power
hungry, vicious manipulator of souls.  Beautiful beyond words,
sensual and erotic beyond any man's wildest fantasies, brilliant
and immortal - all of that is you, my Dacian.  Love me?  How
could you?  I'm a killer, a tormented assassin, a man with fear
eating his soul."
     Jared reached for his carbonium knife and put it to Oriana's
throat.  The crowd gasped.
     "Jared, don't!" hissed Sam.
     "Stay out of this, old friend," said Jared softly.
     Oriana closed her eyes.  "Kill me then, Jared," she
whispered.  "Kill me if you can."
     Jared put the point of his knife on her Adam's apple and
pushed slightly.  A trickle of the Dacian's purple blood ran down
her throat.  No one dared move or speak.
     The knife clattered to the floor as Jared slumped back on
the bar stool.  He covered his face with his hands and cried
softly.  Oriana moved to him and put her arms around his waist
and buried her face against his shoulder. 
     "My dearest love, my only love, I do still love you.  Yes, I
have done horrible things to you, treated your love at times with
coldness and contempt, wanting to break you or drive you insane.
I have done all those things and truly deserve your complete
hate, even death if that were possible."
     "But I do love you and the nature of my love is true and
real.  The quality and torment of my love is partially your
fault, my dear, and you know it.  You taught me what it is to
love, what such feelings and emotions are.  No Dacian has every
loved, has ever felt love, and you know that.  It is believed we
are incapable of such emotions.  They are held to be literally
genetically beyond our grasp and potential.  Can you ever imagine
the fear you instilled my heart?"
     Oriana's voice was barely audible and she still wept slowly.
Jared now hugged her and rocked her gently as one would a child,
his eyes closed.  Oriana sniffled and wiped her nose on Jared's
sleeve.  "You see my love, you showed me how to be love, but you
also gave me the gift of fear.  Can you ever understand what it
is like to know fear and be immortal?"
     "No, I cannot do that," sighed Jared.  "No one could.  It
seems I also gave you the gift of loneliness."
     Oriana sniffled into his shirt again.  "It were best we had
never met.  I wish I was dead for what I've done to you."
     "Now, none of that!  I wouldn't trade my love for you for
anything in the universe.  I absolutely would not.            
But, er... could we try for a little less pain and abuse over the
next century perhaps?"
     "I love you," said Oriana softly and she kissed Jared over
and over and over again with such gentle passion that his head
spun and there was not a dry eye anywhere in the Bragi.
     An eternal minute of silence and grace filled the room.
     Sam blew his nose loudly in an enormous hankerchief.
     "Jared, you haven't said that you would come!"  Oriana
stepped back from him, hands on her hips and a mischievous grin
on her face.
     "Of course, I'll come.  I swore an oath when I became a
Guardian."
     For the first time that any of the regulars in the Bragi
could remember, Father Adler/Jared Colfax smiled.  He extended
his arms to the Dacian.  She ducked under them and begain to toy
with the buttons on his shirt.  She kissed him lightly, then
turned around to face the awestruck, staring crowd and did a most
un-Dacian thing.  Oriana pressed her palms together and bowed
slightly towards those facing her.
     "Thank you.  Thank you for bearing witness.  Thank you for
being patient with two over-age children."
     Jared was so surprised at hearing this that fly flew in his
open mouth and made him cough.  Every man, woman and child in the
Bragi would now have followed Oriana into the pits of Hell
itself.
     "And you, old friend?"  Oriana now turned towards the Tygor.
Can we get you away from that lovely wife and three beautiful
daughters?  We should be in for one hell of a fight!"  Oriana
flashed her most captivating smile at Sam and he grinned back.
     "Orry, I've been a true blue family man for any years.  It
has been good and warm, if a bit dull.  Amanda will understand."
     "Jared bent over to retrieve his carbonium knife.  He looked
hard at Sam.
     "Be at Orvar Spaceport one week from today with the usual
equipment."
     "I'll be there."
     Oriana took Jared's hand and walked slowly towards the door,
a broad grin upon her beautiful, yet devastated, face.  Jared
glanced around at the Bragi as if taking it all in for the last
time and winked at a few friends in the crowd.  Sam smiled
paternally.  When they reached the door, someone in the back
yelled out "Good luck, you bastard!" and everyone laughed.
      
                  THE ADVENTURES OF ALADDIN 
   Once upon a time . . . a widow had an only son whose name was Aladdin. They
were very poor and lived from hand to mouth, though Aladdin did what he could 
to earn some pennies, by picking bananas in faraway places. 
   One day, as he was looking for wild figs in a grove some way from the town,
Aladdin met a mysterious stranger. This smartly dressed dark-eyed man with a 
trim black beard and a splendid sapphire in his turban, asked Aladdin an 
unusual question: 
   "Come here, boy," he ordered. "How would you like to earn a silver penny?" 
   "A silver penny!" exclaimed Aladdin. "Sir, I'd do anything for that kind of
payment." 
   "I'm not going to ask you to do much. Just go down that manhole. I'm much 
too big to squeeze through myself. If you do as I ask, you'll have your 
reward." The stranger helped Aladdin lift the manhole cover, for it was very 
heavy. Slim and agile as he was, the boy easily went down. His feet touched 
stone and he carefully made his way down some steps . . . and found himself in
a large chamber. It seemed to sparkle, though dimly lit by the flickering 
light of an old oil lamp. When Aladdin's eyes  became used to the gloom, he 
saw a wonderful sight: trees dripping with glittering jewels, pots of gold and
caskets full of priceless gems. Thousands of precious objects lay scattered
about. It was a treasure trove! Unable to believe his eyes, Aladdin was 
standing dazed when he heard a shout behind him.
   "The lamp! Put out the flame and bring me the lamp!" Surprised and 
suspicious, for why should the stranger, out of all such a treasure want only 
an old lamp, Aladdin wondered. Perhaps he was a wizard. He decided to be on 
his guard. Picking up the lamp, he retraced his steps up to the entrance.
   "Give me the lamp," urged the wizard impatiently. "Hand it over," he began
to shout, thrusting out his arm to grab it, but Aladdin cautiously drew back.
   "Let me out first . . ."
   "Too bad for you," snapped the stranger, slamming down the manhole cover, 
never noticing that, as he did so, a ring slid off his finger. A terrified 
Aladdin was left in pitch darkness, wondering what the wizard would do next. 
Then he trod on the ring. Aimlessly putting it on his finger, he twisted it 
round and round. Suddenly the room was flooded with a rosy light and a great 
genie with clasped hands appeared on a cloud.
   "At your command, sire," said the genie.
   Now astoundede, Aladdin could only stammer:
   "I want to go home!" In a flash he was back in his own home, though the 
door wa tightly shut.
   "How did you get in?" called his mother from the kitchen stove, the minute 
she set eyes on him. Excitedly, her son told her of his adventures.
   "Where's the silver coin?" his mother asked. Aladdin clapped a hand to his
brow. For all he had brought home was the old oil lamp "Oh, mother! I'm so
sorry. This is all I've got."
   "Well, let's hope it works. It's so dirty . . ." and the widow began to rub
the lamp.
   Suddenly out shot another genie, in a cloud of smoke.
   "You've set me free, after centuries! I was a prisoner in the lamp, waiting
to be freed by someone rubbing it. Now, I'm your obedient servant. Tell me 
your wishes." And the genie bowed respectfully, awaiting Aladdin's orders. The
boy and his mother gaped wordlessly at this incredible apparition, then the 
genie said with a hint of impatience in his voice. 
   "I'm here at your command. Tell me what you want. Anything you like!" 
Aladdin gulped, then said:
   "Bring us . . . bring . . ." His mother not having yet begun to cook the 
dinner, went on to say: ". . . a lovely big meal."
   From that day on, the widow and her son had everything they could wish for:
food, clothes and a fine home, for the genie of the lamp granted them 
everything they asked him. Aladdin grew into a tall handsome young man and his
mother felt that he ought to find himself a wife, sooner or later. 
   One day, as he left the market, Aladdin happened to see the Sultan's 
daughter Halima in her sedan chair being carried through the streets. He only 
caught a fleeting glimpse of the princess, but it was enough for him to want 
to marry her. Aladdin told his mother and she quickly said: 
   "I'll ask the Sultan for his daughter's hand. He'll never be able to 
refuse. Wait and see!"
   And indeed, the Sultan was easily persuaded by a casket full of big 
diamonds to admit the widow to the palace. However, when he learned why she 
had come, he told the widow that her son must bring proof of his power and
riches. This was mostly the Chamberlain's idea, for he himself was  eager to
marry the beautiful black-eyed Sultan's daughter.
   "If Aladdin wants to marry Halima,' said the Sultan, "he must send me forty
slaves tomorrow.Every slave must bring a box of precious stones. And forty
Arab warriors must escort the treasure."
   Aladdin's mother went sadly home. The genie of the magic lamp had already
worked wonders, but nothing like this. Aladdin however,when he heard the news,
was not at all dismayed. He picked up the lamp, rubbed it harder than ever and
told the genie what he required. The genie simply clapped his hands three 
times. Forty slaves magically appeared, carrying the gemstones, together with 
their escort of forty Arab warriors. When he saw all thls the next day, the 
Sultan was taken aback. He never imagined such wealth could exist. Just as he 
was about to accept Aladdin as his daughter's bridegroom, the envious 
Chamberlain broke in with a question. 
   "Where wlll they live?" he asked. The Sultan pondered for a moment, then
allowlng greed to get the better of hlm, he told Aladdin to build a great, 
splendid palace for Halima. Aladdin went straight home and, in what was once a
wilderness, the genie built him a palace. The last obstacle had been overcome.
The wedding tbok place with great celebrations and the Sultan was especially
happy at finding such a rich and powerful son-in-law. 
   News of Aladdin's sudden fortune and wealth spread like wildfire, until....
one day, a strange merchant stopped beneath the palace window.
   "Old lamps for new," he called to the princess, standing on the balcony. 
Now, Aladdin had always kept his secret to himself. Only his mother knew it 
and she had never told a soul. Halima, alas, had been kept in the dark. And 
so, now, wanting to give Alladin a surprise as well  as make a good bargain, 
she fetched the old oil lamp she had seen Aladdin tuck away, and gave it to 
the merchant in exchange for a new one. The merchant quickly began to rub 
it . . . and the genie was now at the service of the wizard who had got his 
magic lamp back. 
   In a second he whisked away all Aladdin's possessions and magically sent 
the palace and the princess to an unknown land. Aladdin and the Sultan were at
their wits' end. Nobody knew what had happened. Only Aladdin knew it had 
something to do with the magic lamp. But as he wept over the lost genie of
the lamp, he remembered the genie of the ring from the wizard's finger.
Slipping the ring on his finger, Aladdin twisted it round and round.
   "Take me to the place where the wizard has hidden my wife," he ordered the 
genie. In a flash, he found himself inside his own palace, and peeping from 
behind a curtain, he saw the wizard and the princess, now his servant.
   "Psst! Psst!" hissed Aladdin. 
   "Aladdin! It's you . . .!"
   "Ssh. Don't let him hear you. Take this powder and put it into his tea. 
Trust me." The powder quickly took effect and the wizard fell into a deep 
sleep. Aladdin hunted for the lamp high and low, but it was nowere to be 
seen.  But it had to be there. How, otherwise, had the wizard moved the 
palace? As Aladdin gazed at his sleeping enemy, he thought of peering 
underneath the pillow. "The lamp! At last," sighed Aladdin, hastily rubbing 
   "Welcome back, Master!" exclaimed the genie. "Why did you leave me at
another's service for so long?"
   "Welcome," replied Aladdin. "I'm glad to see you again. I've certainly
missed you! It's just as well I have you by me again."
   "At your command," smiled the genie.
   "First, put this wicked wizard in chains and take him far away where he'll
never be found again." The genie grinned with pleasure, nodded his head, and
the wizard vanished. Halima clutched Aladdin in fear:
   "What's going on? Who is that genie?"
   "Don't worry, everything is all right," Aladdin reassured her, as he told
his wife the whole story of how he had met the wizard and found the magic 
lamp that had enabled him to marry her. Everything went back to normal and the
happy pair hugged each other tenderly.
   "Can we return to our own kingdom?" the princess asked timidly, thinking
of her father, so far away. Aladdin glanced at her with a smile.
   "The magic that brought you here will take you back, but with me at your
side, forever."
   The Sultan was almost ill with worry. His daughter had disappeared along
with the palace, and then his son-in-law had vanished too. Nobody knew where
they were, not even the wise men hastily called to the palace to divine what
had happened. The jealous Chamberlain kept on repeating:
   "I told you Aladdin's fortune couldn't last."
   Everyone had lost all hope of ever seeing the missing pair again, when far
away, Aladdin rubbed the magic lamp and said to the genie,
   "Take my wife, myself and the palace back to our own land, as fast as you
can."
   "In a flash, Sire," replied the genie. At the snap of a finger, the palace
rose into the air and sped over the Sultan's kingdom, above the heads of his
astonished subjects. It gently floated down to earth and landed on its old
site. Aladdin and Halima rushed to embrace the Sultan.
   To this very day, in that distant country, you can still admire the traces
of an ancient palace which folk call the palace that came from the skies.   
                       SAYED'S ADVENTURES
   Once upon a time, in the mysterious East, lived a man called Benezar who
married a woman called Zemira. They were in love with each other and agreed on
all things, except one. Zemira believed in magic, omens, premonitions and 
fairies. Benezar only believed in what he could see before his eyes. However,
that did not mar their happiness at all, and this reached its height, when, one
day, in the midst of thunderstorm, Zemira gave birth to a handsome baby boy.
When Benezar, who had anxiously awaited the arrival, was allowed to see the 
baby, he noticed a tiny whistle hanging from a thin silver thread round its
neck.
   "What's this?" he asked.
   "It's a gift a fairy made to our son," replied Zemira. "It's a magic gift.
Take it," she went on, removing the whistle from the child's neck, "give it to
our son when he is twenty."
   "All right. But listen, what are we to call the child?" asked Benezar.
   "Sayed," replied Zemira.
   The years went by and Sayed grew healthy, strong and brave. He was eighteen
years old when he decided to go on a pilgrimage to the holy city of Mecca. He
told his father of his decision.
   "Yes, I'm pleased you're going," said his father. "In fact, Sayed, take this
as a lucky charm," and he gave him the fairy's gift.
   "What is it?" Sayed asked.
   "It's a whistle. Your mother, alas now dead, thought highly of it. Carry it
with you always."
   "I will father," said the young man, putting the whistle round his neck.
   Not long after, the travellers with a hundred camels, many merchants and a 
host of guards, set out on the journey. Young Sayed was splendidly equipped and
armed with a sword, spear, bow and arrows.
   It was a long, long way to the holy city of Mecca. They travelled over 
plains, mountains and deserts. It was on a long stretch of desert that they 
were attacked by a large band of robbers.The4y were caught unaware, some tried 
to flee, but Sayed shouted:
