breath.  He  didn't  need  to do this since his body was supplied
with the peculiar assortment of gases it  required  for  survival
from  a  small  intravenous device strapped to his leg. There are
times, however, when whatever your metabolism you have to take  a
deep breath.
"Now, if you would care to order drinks at  last,"  he  said,  "I
will then show you to your table."
Zaphod grinned two manic grins, sauntered over  to  the  bar  and
bought most of it.
=================================================================
Chapter 15
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe  is  one  of  the  most
extraordinary  ventures in the entire history of catering. It has
been built on the fragmented remains of ... it will be  built  on
the fragmented ... that is to say it will have been built by this
time, and indeed has been -
One of the major problems encountered in time travel is not  that
of  accidentally  becoming your own father or mother. There is no
problem involved in becoming your own father  or  mother  that  a
broadminded  and  well-adjusted  family can't cope with. There is
also no problem about changing the course of history - the course
of  history  does  not change because it all fits together like a
jigsaw. All the important changes have happened before the things
they  were  supposed to change and it all sorts itself out in the
end.
The major problem is quite simply one of grammar,  and  the  main
work  to  consult in this matter is Dr Dan Streetmentioner's Time
Traveller's Handbook of 1001 Tense Formations. It will  tell  you
for  instance  how to describe something that was about to happen
to you in the past before you avoided it by time-jumping  forward
two  days  in  order  to  avoid  it.  The event will be described
differently according to whether you are talking  about  it  from
the  standpoint  of  your  own  natural  time, from a time in the
further future, or a time in the  further  past  and  is  further
complicated by the possibility of conducting conversations whilst
you are actually travelling from one time  to  another  with  the
intention of becoming your own father or mother.
Most readers get as far as the Future Semi-Conditionally Modified
Subinverted Plagal Past Subjunctive Intentional before giving up:
and in fact in later editions of the book all  the  pages  beyond
this point have been left blank to save on printing costs.
The Hitch Hikers Guide to the  Galaxy  skips  lightly  over  this
tangle  of  academic  abstraction,  pausing only to note that the
term "Future Perfect" has been abandoned since it was  discovered
not to be.
To resume:
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe  is  one  of  the  most
extraordinary ventures in the entire history of catering.
It is built on the fragmented remains  of  an  eventually  ruined
planet  which  is (wioll haven be) enclosed in a vast time bubble
and projected forward in time to the precise moment of the End of
the Universe.
This is, many would say, impossible.
In it, guests take (willan on-take) their places at table and eat
(willan on-eat) sumptuous meals whilst watching (willing watchen)
the whole of creation explode around them.
This is, many would say, equally impossible.
You can arrive (mayan arivan on-when) for any  sitting  you  like
without  prior  (late fore-when) reservation because you can book
retrospectively, as it were when you return  to  your  own  time.
(you  can have on-book haventa forewhen presooning returningwenta
retrohome.)
This is, many would now insist, absolutely impossible.
At the Restaurant you can meet and dine with  (mayan  meetan  con
with  dinan  on  when)  a fascinating cross-section of the entire
population of space and time.
This, it can be explained patiently, is also impossible.
You can visit it as many times as you like  (mayan  on-visit  re-
onvisiting  ... and so on - for further tense-corrections consult
Dr Streetmentioner's book) and be sure of never meeting yourself,
because of the embarrassment this usually causes.
This, even if the rest were true, which  it  isn't,  is  patently
impossible, say the doubters.
All you have to do is deposit one penny in a savings  account  in
your  own  era,  and  when  you  arrive  at  the  End of Time the
operation of compound interest means that the  fabulous  cost  of
your meal has been paid for.
This, many claim, is not merely impossible  but  clearly  insane,
which  is  why  the  advertising executives of the star system of
Bastablon  came  up  with  this  slogan:  "If  you've  done   six
impossible  things  this  morning,  why  not  round  it  off with
breakfast  at  Milliways,  the  Restaurant  at  the  End  of  the
Universe?"
=================================================================
Chapter 16
At the bar, Zaphod was rapidly becoming as tired as a  newt.  His
heads  knocked  together and his smiles were coming out of synch.
He was miserably happy.
"Zaphod," said Ford, "whilst  you're  still  capable  of  speech,
would  you  care  to tell me what the photon happened? Where have
you been? Where have we been?  Small  matter,  but  I'd  like  it
cleared up."
Zaphod's left head sobered up, leaving his right to sink  further
into the obscurity of drink.
"Yeah," he said, "I've been around. They want me to find the  man
who  rules  the Universe, but I don't care to meet him. I believe
the man can't cook."
His left head watched his right head saying this and then nodded.
"True," it said, "have another drink."
Ford had another Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster, the drink which has
been  described  as  the  alcoholic  equivalent  of  a  mugging -
expensive and bad for  the  head.  Whatever  had  happened,  Ford
decided, he didn't really care too much.
"Listen Ford," said Zaphod, "everything's cool and froody."
"You mean everything's under control."
"No," said Zaphod, "I do not  mean  everything's  under  control.
That  would  not  be  cool  and  froody. If you want to know what
happened let's just say I had the whole situation in  my  pocket.
OK?"
Ford shrugged.
Zaphod giggled into his drink. It frothed up over the side of the
glass and started to eat its way into the marble bar top.
A wild-skinned sky-gypsy  approached  them  and  played  electric
violin at them until Zaphod gave him a lot of money and he agreed
to go away again.
The gypsy approached Arthur and Trillian sitting in another  part
of the bar.
"I don't know what this place is," said Arthur, "but I  think  it
gives me the creeps."
"Have another drink," said Trillian, "Enjoy yourself."
"Which?" said Arthur, "the two are mutually exclusive."
"Poor Arthur, you're not really cut out for this life are you?"
"You call this life?"
"You're beginning to sound like Marvin."
"Marvin's the clearest thinker I know. How do you think  we  make
this violinist go away?"
The waiter approached.
"Your table is ready," he said.
Seen  from  the  outside,  which  it  never  is,  the  Restaurant
resembles  a  giant  glittering  starfish  beached on a forgotten
rock. Each of  its  arms  houses  the  bars,  the  kitchens,  the
forcefield  generators which protect the entire structure and the
decayed planet on which it sits,  and  the  Time  Turbines  which
slowly  rock  the  whole affair backwards and forwards across the
crucial moment.
In the centre sits the gigantic golden dome,  almost  a  complete
globe,  and  it  was into this area that Zaphod, Ford, Arthur and
Trillian now passed.
At least five tons of glitter alone had gone into it before them,
and  covered every available surface. The other surfaces were not
available  because  they  were  already  encrusted  with  jewels,
precious  sea  shells  from Santraginus, gold leaf, mosaic tiles,
lizard skins and  a  million  unidentifiable  embellishments  and
decorations.  Glass glittered, silver shone, gold gleamed, Arthur
Dent goggled.
"Wowee," said Zaphod, "Zappo."
"Incredible!" breathed Arthur, "the people ... ! The  things  ...
"The things," said Ford Prefect quietly, "are also people."
"The people ..." resumed Arthur, "the ... other people ..."
"The lights ... !" said Trillian.
"The tables ..." said Arthur.
"The clothes ... !" said Trillian.
The waiter thought they sounded like a couple of bailiffs.
"The End of the Universe is very popular," said Zaphod  threading
his  way  unsteadily  through  the throng of tables, some made of
marble, some of rich ultra-mahagony, some even of  platinum,  and
at  each  a party of exotic creatures chatting amongst themselves
and studying menus.
"People like to dress up for it," continued Zaphod, "Gives  it  a
sense of occasion."
The tables were fanned out in a large  circle  around  a  central
stage  area where a small band were playing light music, at least
a thousand tables was Arthur's guess,  and  interspersed  amongst
them  were  swaying palms, hissing fountains, grotesque statuary,
in short all the paraphernalia common to  all  Restaurants  where
little  expense  has  been  spared to give the impression that no
expense has been spared. Arthur glanced around, half expecting to
see someone making an American Express commercial.
Zaphod lurched into Ford, who lurched back into Zaphod.
"Wowee," said Zaphod.
"Zappo," said Ford.
"My great granddaddy must have really screwed up  the  computer's
works,  you  know,"  said  Zaphod,  "I  told it to take us to the
nearest place to eat and it sends us to the End of the  Universe.
Remind me to be nice to it one day."
He paused.
"Hey, everybody's here you know. Everybody who was anybody."
"Was?" said Arthur.
"At the End of the Universe you have to  use  the  past  tense  a
lot,"  said  Zaphod,  "'cos  everything's been done you know. Hi,
guys," he called out to a nearby party of giant iguana lifeforms,
"How did you do?"
"Is that Zaphod Beeblebrox?" asked one iguana of another iguana.
"I think so," replied the second iguana.
"Well doesn't that just take the biscuit," said the first iguana.
"Funny old thing, life," said the second iguana.
"It's what you make of it," said the first and they  lapsed  back
into  silence.  They  were  waiting  for the greatest show in the
Universe.
"Hey, Zaphod," said Ford, grabbing for his arm and, on account of
the  third  Pan  Galactic  Gargle  Blaster, missing. He pointed a
swaying finger.
"There's an old mate of mine," he said,  "Hotblack  Desiato!  See
the man at the platinum table with the platinum suit on?"
Zaphod tried to follow Ford's finger with his eyes  but  it  made
him feel dizzy. Finally he saw.
"Oh yeah," he said, then recognition came a moment later.  "Hey,"
he said, "did that guy ever make it megabig! Wow, bigger than the
biggest thing ever. Other than me."
"Who's he supposed to be?" asked Trillian.
"Hotblack Desiato?" said Zaphod in astonishment, "you don't know?
You never heard of Disaster Area?"
"No," said Trillian, who hadn't.
"The biggest," said Ford, "loudest ..."
"Richest ..." suggested Zaphod.
"... rock band in the history of ..." he searched for the word.
"... history itself," said Zaphod.
"No," said Trillian.
"Zowee," said Zaphod, "here we are at the End of the Universe and
you haven't even lived yet. Did you miss out."
He led her off to where the waiter had been waiting all this time
at the table. Arthur followed them feeling very lost and alone.
Ford waded off through the throng to renew an old acquaintance.
"Hey, er, Hotblack," he called out, "how you doing? Great to  see
you  big boy, how's the noise? You're looking great, really very,
very fat and unwell. Amazing." He slapped the man on the back and
was mildly surprised that it seemed to elict no response. The Pan
Galactic Gargle Blasters swirling round inside him  told  him  to
plunge on regardless.
"Remember the old days?" he said, "We used to  hang  out,  right?
The   Bistro  Illegal,  remember?  Slim's  Throat  Emporium?  The
Evildrome Boozarama, great days eh?"
Hotblack Desiato offered no opinion as to whether they were great
days or not. Ford was not perturbed.
"And when we were hungry we'd pose as public  health  inspectors,
you  remember  that?  And go around confiscating meals and drinks
right? Till we got food poisoning. Oh, and then  there  were  the
long  nights  of talking and drinking in those smelly rooms above
the Cafe Lou in Gretchen Town, New Betel, and you were always  in
the  next  room  trying to write songs on your ajuitar and we all
hated them. And you said you didn't care,  and  we  said  we  did
because  we  hated  them  so much." Ford's eyes were beginning to
mist over.
"And you said you didn't  want  to  be  a  star,"  he  continued,
wallowing  in  nostalgia,  "because you despised the star system.
And we said, Hadra and Sulijoo and me, that we didn't  think  you
had the option. And what do you do now? You buy star systems!"
He turned and solicited the attention of those at nearby tables.
"Here," he said, "is a man who buys star systems!"
Hotblack Desiato made no attempt either to confirm or  deny  this
fact, and the attention of the temporary audience waned rapidly.
"I think someone's drunk," muttered a purple bush-like being into
his wine glass.
Ford staggered slightly, and sat down heavily on the chair facing
Hotblack Desiato.
"What's that number you do?" he  said,  unwisely  grabbing  at  a
bottle  for  support and tipping it over - into a nearby glass as
it happened. Not to waste a happy accident, he drained the glass.
"That really huge number," he continued, "how does it go? `Bwarm!
Bwarm!  Baderr!!'  something, and in the stage act you do it ends
up with this ship crashing right into the sun, and  you  actually
do it!"
Ford crashed his fist into his other hand to illustrate this feat
graphically. He knocked the bottle over again.
"Ship! Sun! Wham bang!" he  cried.  "I  mean  forget  lasers  and
stuff,  you  guys are into solar flares and real sunburn! Oh, and
terrible songs."
His eyes followed the stream of liquid glugging out of the bottle
on to the table. Something ought to be done about it, he thought.
"Hey, you want a drink?" he said.  It  began  to  sink  into  his
squelching mind that something was missing from this reunion, and
that the missing something was in some  way  connected  with  the
fact  that  the fat man sitting opposite him in the platinum suit
and the silvery trilby had not yet said "Hi, Ford" or  "Great  to
see you after all this time," or in fact anything at all. More to
the point he had not yet even moved.
"Hotblack?" said Ford.
A large meaty hand landed on his shoulder from behind and  pushed
him aside. He slid gracelessly off his seat and peered upwards to
see if he could spot the owner of  this  discourteous  hand.  The
owner  was not hard to spot, on account of his being something of
the order of seven feet tall and not slightly built with  it.  In
fact  he was built the way one builds leather sofas, shiny, lumpy
and with lots of solid stuffing. The suit into  which  the  man's
body  had been stuffed looked as if it's only purpose in life was
to demonstrate how difficult it was to get this sort of body into
a  suit.  The face had the texture of an orange and the colour of
an apple, but there the resemblance to anything sweet ended.
"Kid ..." said a voice which emerged from the man's mouth  as  if
it had been having a really rough time down in his chest.
"Er, yeah?" said Ford conversationally. He staggered back to  his
feet  again  and was disappointed that the top of his head didn't
come further up the man's body.
"Beat it," said the man.
"Oh yeah?" said Ford, wondering how wise he was being,  "and  who
are you?"
The man considered this for a moment. He  wasn't  used  to  being
asked  this sort of question. Nevertheless, after a while he came
up with an answer.
"I'm the guy who's telling you to beat it," he said, "before  you
get it beaten for you."
"Now listen," said Ford nervously - he wished his head would stop
spinning,  settle down and get to grips with the situation - "Now
listen," he continued, "I am one of Hotblack's oldest friends and
..."
He glanced at Hotblack Desiato, who still hadn't moved so much as
an eyelash.
"... and ..." said Ford again, wondering what  would  be  a  good
word to say after "and".
The large man came up with a whole sentence to go after "and". He
said it.
"And I am Mr Desiato's bodyguard," it went, "and I am responsible
for his body, and I am not responsible for yours, so take it away
before it gets damaged."
"Now wait a minute," said Ford.
"No minutes!" boomed  the  bodyguard,  "no  waiting!  Mr  Desiato
speaks to no one!"
"Well perhaps you'd let him say what he thinks about  the  matter
himself," said Ford.
"He speaks to no one!" bellowed the bodyguard.
Ford glanced anxiously at Hotblack again and was forced to  admit
to  himself  that  the  bodyguard seemed to have the facts on his
side. There was still not the slightest  sign  of  movement,  let
alone keen interest in Ford's welfare.
"Why?" said Ford, "What's the matter with him?"
The bodyguard told him.
=================================================================
Chapter 17
The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy notes that Disaster Area, a
plutonium rock band from the Gagrakacka Mind Zones, are generally
held to be not only the loudest rock band in the Galaxy,  but  in
fact  the loudest noise of any kind at all. Regular concert goers
judge that the best sound balance is usually  to  be  heard  from
within  large  concrete  bunkers some thirty-seven miles from the
stage, whilst the musicians themselves play their instruments  by
remote  control  from  within a heavily insulated spaceship which
stays in orbit around the planet - or more  frequently  around  a
completely different planet.
Their songs are on the whole very simple and  mostly  follow  the
familiar  theme  of  boy-being meets girl-being beneath a silvery
moon, which then explodes for no adequately explored reason.
Many worlds have now banned their act altogether,  sometimes  for
artistic  reasons,  but  most  commonly because the band's public
address  system  contravenes  local  strategic  arms  limitations
treaties.
This has not, however, stopped their earnings from  pushing  back
the boundaries of pure hypermathematics, and their chief research
accountant   has   recently   been   appointed    Professor    of
Neomathematics  at  the University of Maximegalon, in recognition
of both his General and his Special Theories of Disaster Area Tax
Returns,  in  which he proves that the whole fabric of the space-
time continuum is not merely curved, it is in fact totally bent.
Ford staggered  back  to  the  table  where  Zaphod,  Arthur  and
Trillian were sitting waiting for the fun to begin.
"Gotta have some food," said Ford.
"Hi, Ford," said Zaphod, "you speak to the big noise boy?"
Ford waggled his head noncommittally.
"Hotblack? I sort of spoke to him, yeah."
"What'd he say?"
"Well, not a lot really. He's ... er ..."
"Yeah?"
"He's spending a year dead for  tax  reasons.  I've  got  to  sit
down."
He sat down.
The waiter approached.
"Would you like to see the menu?" he said, "or would you like  to
meet the Dish of the Day?"
"Huh?" said Ford.
"Huh?" said Arthur.
"Huh?" said Trillian.
"That's cool," said Zaphod, "we'll meet the meat."
In a small room in one of the arms of the  Restaurant  complex  a
tall,  thin,  gangling figure pulled aside a curtain and oblivion
looked him in the face.
It was not a pretty face, perhaps because oblivion had looked him
in  it  so  many times. It was too long for a start, the eyes too
sunken and too hooded, the cheeks too hollow, his lips  were  too
thin and too long, and when they parted his teeth looked too much
like a recently polished bay window.  The  hands  that  held  the
curtain  were  long  and  thin too: they were also cold. They lay
lightly along the folds of the curtain and  gave  the  impression
that if he didn't watch them like a hawk they would crawl away of
their own accord and do something unspeakable in a corner.
He let the curtain drop and the terrible light that had played on
his  features went off to play somewhere more healthy. He prowled
around his small chamber like a mantis contemplating an evening's
preying,  finally settling on a rickety chair by a trestle table,
where he leafed through a few sheets of jokes.
A bell rang.
He pushed the thin sheaf of papers aside and stood up. His  hands
brushed  limply  over  some  of  the one million rainbow-coloured
sequins with which his jacket was  festooned,  and  he  was  gone
through the door.
In the Restaurant the lights dimmed, the band quickened its pace,
a single spotlight stabbed down into the darkness of the stairway
that led up to the centre of the stage.
Up the stairs bounded bounded a tall brilliantly coloured figure.
He  burst  on to the stage, tripped lightly up to the microphone,
removed it from its stand with one swoop of his  long  thin  hand
and  stood  for  a  moment  bowing left and right to the audience
acknowledging their applause  and  displaying  to  them  his  bay
window.  He  waved to his particular friends in the audience even
though there weren't any there, and waited for  the  applause  to
die down.
He held up his hand and smiled a smile that stretched not  merely
from  ear  to  ear, but seemed to extend some way beyond the mere
confines of his face.
"Thank you ladies and gentlemen!" he cried, "thank you very much.
Thank you so much."
He eyed them with a twinkling eye.
"Ladies and gentlemen," he said, "The Universe as we know it  has
now  been  in existence for over one hundred and seventy thousand
million billion years and will be ending in a little over half an
hour. So, welcome one and all to Milliways, the Restaurant at the
End of the Universe!"
With a gesture he deftly conjured another  round  of  spontaneous
applause. With another gesture he cut it.
"I  am  your  host  for  tonight,"  he  said,  "my  name  is  Max
Quordlepleen  ..."  (Everybody  knew  this,  his  act  was famous
throughout the known  Galaxy,  but  he  said  it  for  the  fresh
applause  it  generated, which he acknowledged with a disclaiming
smile and wave.) "... and I've just come straight from  the  very
very other end of time, where I've been hosting a show at the Big
Bang Burger Bar - where I can tell you we  had  a  very  exciting
evening  ladies  and  gentlemen  -  and  I will be with you right
through this historic occasion, the End of History itself!"
Another burst of applause died away quickly as the lights  dimmed
down   further.   On   every  table  candles  ignited  themselves
spontaneously, eliciting a slight gasp from all  the  diners  and
wreathing them in a thousand tiny flickering lights and a million
intimate shadows. A tremor of  excitement  thrilled  through  the
darkened Restaurant as the vast golden dome above them began very
very slowly to dim, to darken, to fade.
Max's voice was hushed as he continued.
"So, ladies and gentlemen," he breathed, "the  candles  are  lit,
the  band  plays  softly, and as the force-shielded dome above us
fades into transparency, revealing a dark  and  sullen  sky  hung
heavy  with  the  ancient light of livid swollen stars, I can see
we're all in for a fabulous evening's apocalypse!"
Even the soft tootling of the band faded away  as  stunned  shock
descended on all those who had not seen this sight before.
A monstrous, grisly light poured in on them,
- a hideous light,
- a boiling, pestilential light,
- a light that would have disfigured hell.
The Universe was coming to an end.
For a few  interminable  seconds  the  Restaurant  span  silently
through the raging void. Then Max spoke again.
"For those of you who ever hoped to see the light at the  end  of
the tunnel," he said, "this is it."
The band struck up again.
"Thank you, ladies and gentlemen," cried Max, "I'll be back  with
you again in just a moment, and meanwhile I leave you in the very
capable hands of Mr Reg Nullify and his  cataclysmic  Combo.  Big
hand please ladies and gentlemen for Reg and the boys!"
The baleful turmoil of the skies continued.
Hesitantly the audience began to clap and after a  moment  or  so
normal  conversation  resumed. Max began his round of the tables,
swapping jokes, shouting with laughter, earning his living.
A large dairy animal  approached  Zaphod  Beeblebrox's  table,  a
large  fat  meaty  quadruped of the bovine type with large watery
eyes, small horns and what might almost have been an ingratiating
smile on its lips.
"Good evening," it lowed and sat back heavily on its haunches, "I
am  the  main  Dish of the Day. May I interest you in parts of my
body?" It  harrumphed  and  gurgled  a  bit,  wriggled  its  hind
quarters into a more comfortable position and gazed peacefully at
them.
Its gaze was met by looks of startled  bewilderment  from  Arthur
and Trillian, a resigned shrug from Ford Prefect and naked hunger
from Zaphod Beeblebrox.
"Something off  the  shoulder  perhaps?"  suggested  the  animal,
"Braised in a white wine sauce?"
"Er, your shoulder?" said Arthur in a horrified whisper.
"But naturally my shoulder, sir," mooed the  animal  contentedly,
"nobody else's is mine to offer."
Zaphod leapt to his feet and started  prodding  and  feeling  the
animal's shoulder appreciatively.
"Or the rump is very  good,"  murmured  the  animal.  "I've  been
exercising  it  and  eating  plenty of grain, so there's a lot of
good meat there." It gave  a  mellow  grunt,  gurgled  again  and
started to chew the cud. It swallowed the cud again.
"Or a casserole of me perhaps?" it added.
"You mean this animal actually wants us  to  eat  it?"  whispered
Trillian to Ford.
"Me?" said Ford, with a glazed look in his eyes,  "I  don't  mean
anything."
"That's  absolutely  horrible,"  exclaimed  Arthur,   "the   most
revolting thing I've ever heard."
"What's the problem Earthman?" said Zaphod, now transferring  his
attention to the animal's enormous rump.
"I just don't want to eat an animal that's standing here inviting
me to," said Arthur, "it's heartless."
"Better than eating an animal that doesn't  want  to  be  eaten,"
said Zaphod.
"That's not the point," Arthur protested. Then he  thought  about
it  for  a  moment. "Alright," he said, "maybe it is the point. I
don't care, I'm not going to think about it now. I'll just ... er
..."
The Universe raged about him in its death throes.
"I think I'll just have a green salad," he muttered.
"May I urge you to consider my liver?" asked the animal, "it must
be  very  rich  and tender by now, I've been force-feeding myself
for months."
"A green salad," said Arthur emphatically.
"A green salad?" said the animal, rolling his eyes disapprovingly
at Arthur.
"Are you going to tell me," said Arthur, "that I  shouldn't  have
green salad?"
"Well," said the animal, "I know many vegetables  that  are  very
clear  on  that  point. Which is why it was eventually decided to
cut through the whole tangled problem and breed  an  animal  that
actually  wanted to be eaten and was capable of saying so clearly
and distinctly. And here I am."
It managed a very slight bow.
"Glass of water please," said Arthur.
"Look," said Zaphod, "we want to eat, we don't  want  to  make  a
meal  of  the  issues.  Four  rare  steaks  please, and hurry. We
haven't eaten in five hundred and  seventy-six  thousand  million
years."
The animal staggered to its feet. It gave a mellow gurgle.
"A very wise choice, sir, if I may say so. Very good,"  it  said,
"I'll just nip off and shoot myself."
He turned and gave a friendly wink to Arthur.
"Don't worry, sir," he said, "I'll be very humane."
It waddled unhurriedly off into the kitchen.
A matter of minutes later  the  waiter  arrived  with  four  huge
steaming  steaks.  Zaphod  and  Ford  wolfed  straight  into them
without a second's hesitation. Trillian paused, then shrugged and
started into hers.
Arthur stared at his feeling slightly ill.
"Hey, Earthman," said Zaphod with a malicious grin  on  the  face
that wasn't stuffing itself, "what's eating you?"
And the band played on.
All around the Restaurant people and things relaxed and  chatted.
The  air  was  filled  with  talk  of this and that, and with the
mingled scents of exotic plants, extravagant foods and  insidious
wines.  For  an  infinite  number of miles in every direction the
universal  cataclysm  was  gathering  to  a  stupefying   climax.
Glancing at his watch, Max returned to the stage with a flourish.
"And now, ladies and gentlemen," he beamed, "is  everyone  having
one last wonderful time?"
"Yes," called out the sort of people  who  call  out  "yes"  when
comedians ask them if they're having a wonderful time.
"That's wonderful," enthused Max, "absolutely wonderful.  And  as
the  photon storms gather in swirling crowds around us, preparing
to tear apart the last of the red hot suns,  I  know  you're  all
going  to  settle back and enjoy with me what I know we will find
all an immensely exciting and terminal experience."
He paused. He caught the audience with a glittering eye.
"Believe me, ladies and gentlemen,"  he  said,  "there's  nothing
penultimate about this one."
He paused again. Tonight his timing was  immaculate.  Time  after
time  he had done this show, night after night. Not that the word
night had any meaning here at the extremity of  time.  All  there
was  was  the  endless  repetition  of  the  final moment, as the
Restaurant  rocked  slowly  forward  over  the  brink  of  time's
furthest edge - and back again. This "night" was good though, the
audience was writhing in the palm of his sickly hand.  His  voice
dropped. They had to strain to hear him.
"This," he said, "really is the absolute end, the final  chilling
desolation, in which the whole majestic sweep of creation becomes
extinct. This ladies and gentlemen is the proverbial `it'."
He dropped his voice still lower. In the stillness, a  fly  would
not have dared cleat its throat.
"After this,"  he  said,  "there  is  nothing.  Void.  Emptiness.
Oblivion. Absolute nothing ..."
His eyes glittered again - or did they twinkle?"
"Nothing ... except of course for the sweet trolley, and  a  fine
selection of Aldebaran liqueurs!"
The band gave him a musical sting. He wished  they  wouldn't,  he
didn't  need  it, not an artist of his calibre. He could play the
audience like his own musical instrument. They were laughing with
relief. He followed on.
"And for once," he cried cheerily, "you don't need to worry about
having  a  hangover  in  the morning - because there won't be any
more mornings!"
He beamed at his happy, laughing audience. He glanced up  at  the
sky,  going  through  the  same dead routine every night, but his
glance was only for a fraction of a second. He trusted it  to  do
its job, as one professional trusts another.
"And now," he said, strutting about the stage, "at  the  risk  of
putting a damper on the wonderful sense of doom and futility here
this evening, I would like to welcome a few parties."
He pulled a card from his pocket.
"Do we have ..." he put up a hand to hold back the cheers, "Do we
have  a  party here from the Zansellquasure Flamarion Bridge Club
from beyond the Vortvoid of Qvarne? Are they here?"
A rousing cheer came from the back, but he pretended not to hear.
He peered around trying to find them.
"Are they here?" he asked again, to elict a louder cheer.
He got it, as he always did.
"Ah, there they are. Well, last bids  lads  -  and  no  cheating,
remember this is a very solemn moment."
He lapped up the laughter.
"And do we also have, do we have ... a  party  of  minor  deities
from the Halls of Asgard?"
Away to his right came  a  rumble  of  thunder.  Lightning  arced
across  the  stage.  A  small group of hairy men with helmets sat
looking very pleased with themselves, and raised their glasses to
him.
Hasbeens, he thought to himself.
"Careful with that hammer, sir," he said.
They did their trick with the lightning again. Max  gave  them  a
very thin lipped smile.
"And thirdly," he said, "thirdly a party of  Young  Conservatives
from Sirius B, are they here?"
A party of smartly dressed young dogs stopped throwing  rolls  at
each  other  and started throwing rolls at the stage. They yapped
and barked unintelligibly.
"Yes," said Max, "well this is all your fault, you realize that?"
"And finally," said Max, quieting the audience down  and  putting
on  his  solemn  face,  "finally  I  believe we have with us here
tonight, a party of believers, very devout  believers,  from  the
Church of the Second Coming of the Great Prophet Zarquon."
There were about twenty of them, sitting right out on the edge of
the  floor, ascetically dressed, sipping mineral water nervously,
and staying apart from the festivities. They blinked  resentfully
as the spotlight was turned on them.
"There they are," said Max, "sitting there,  patiently.  He  said
he'd  come again, and he's kept you waiting a long time, so let's
hope he's hurrying fellas, because he's only  got  eight  minutes
left!"
The party of  Zarquon's  followers  sat  rigid,  refusing  to  be
buffeted  by  the waves of uncharitable laughter which swept over
them.
Max restrained his audience.
"No, but seriously though folks,  seriously  though,  no  offence
meant.  No,  I know we shouldn't make fun of deeply held beliefs,
so I think a big hand please for the Great Prophet Zarquon ..."
The audience clapped respectfully.
"... wherever he's got to!"
He blew a kiss to the  stony-faced  party  and  returned  to  the
centre of the stage.
He grabbed a tall stool and sat on it.
"It's marvellous though," he rattled on, "to see so many  of  you
here  tonight  -  no isn't it though? Yes, absolutely marvellous.
Because I know that so many of you come here time and time again,
which  I  think is really wonderful, to come and watch this final
end of everything, and then return home to your own eras ...  and
raise  families,  strive  for  new  and  better  societies, fight
terrible wars for what you know to be right ... it  really  gives
one  hope  for  the future of all lifekind. Except of course," he
waved at the blitzing turmoil above and  around  them,  "that  we
know it hasn't got one ..."
Arthur turned to Ford - he hadn't quite got this place worked out
in his mind.
"Look, surely," he said, "if the Universe is  about  to  end  ...
don't we go with it?"
Ford gave him a three-Pan-Galactic-Gargle-Blaster look, in  other
words a rather unsteady one.
"No," he said, "look," he said, "as soon as you  come  into  this
dive you get held in this sort of amazing force-shielded temporal
warp thing. I think."
"Oh," said Arthur. He turned his attention back to a bowl of soup
he'd managed to get from the waiter to replace his steak.
"Look," said Ford, "I'll show you."
He grabbed at a napkin off the table and fumbled hopelessly  with
"Look," he said  again,  "imagine  this  napkin,  right,  as  the
temporal Universe, right? And this spoon as a transductional mode
in the matter curve ..."
It took him a while to say this last part, and  Arthur  hated  to
interrupt him.
"That's the spoon I was eating with," he said.
"Alright," said Ford, "imagine this spoon ..." he found  a  small
wooden spoon on a tray of relishes, "this spoon ..." but found it
rather tricky to pick up, "no, better still this fork ..."
"Hey would you let go of my fork?" snapped Zaphod.
"Alright," said Ford, "alright, alright. Why don't we say ... why
don't we say that this wine glass is the temporal Universe ..."
"What, the one you've just knocked on the floor?"
"Did I do that?"
"Yes."
"Alright," said Ford, "forget that. I mean ... I mean,  look,  do
you know - do you know how the Universe actually began for a kick
off?"
"Probably not," said Arthur, who wished he'd  never  embarked  on
any of this.
"Alright," said Ford, "imagine this. Right. You  get  this  bath.
Right. A large round bath. And it's made of ebony."
"Where from?" said Arthur, "Harrods was destroyed by the Vogons."
"Doesn't matter."
"So you keep saying."
"Listen."
"Alright."
"You get this bath, see? Imagine you've got this bath.  And  it's
ebony. And it's conical."
"Conical?" said Arthur, "What sort of ..."
"Shhh!" said Ford. "It's conical. So what you do is, you see, you
fill it with fine white sand, alright? Or sugar. Fine white sand,
and/or sugar. Anything. Doesn't matter. Sugar's  fine.  And  when
it's full, you pull the plug out ... are you listening?"
"I'm listening."
"You pull the plug out, and it all just twirls away, twirls  away
you see, out of the plughole."
"I see."
"You don't see. You don't see at all. I haven't got to the clever
bit yet. You want to hear the clever bit?"
"Tell me the clever bit."
"I'll tell you the clever bit."
Ford thought for a moment, trying to remember what the clever bit
was.
"The clever bit," he said, "is this. You film it happening."
"Clever."
"That's not the clever bit. This is the clever  bit,  I  remember
now  that this is the clever bit. The clever bit is that you then
thread the film in the projector ... backwards!"
"Backwards?"
"Yes. Threading it backwards is definitely  the  clever  bit.  So
then,  you  just sit and watch it, and everything just appears to
spiral upwards out of the plughole and fill the bath. See?"
"And that's how the Universe began is it?" said Arthur.
"No," said Ford, "but it's a marvellous way to relax."
He reached for his wine glass.
"Where's my wine glass?" he said.
"It's on the floor."
"Ah."
Tipping back his chair to look for it,  Ford  collided  with  the
small  green  waiter  who  was  approaching  the table carrying a
portable telephone.
Ford excused himself to the waiter explaining that it was because
he was extremely drunk.
The waiter said that that was quite alright and that he perfectly
understood.
Ford thanked the waiter for his kind indulgence, attempted to tug
his forelock, missed by six inches and slid under the table.
"Mr Zaphod Beeblebrox?" inquired the waiter.
"Er, yeah?" said Zaphod, glancing up from his third steak.
"There is a phone call for you."
"Hey, what?"
"A phone call, sir."
"For me? Here? Hey, but who knows where I am?"
One of his minds raced. The other dawdled lovingly over the  food
it was still shovelling in.
"Excuse me if I carry on, won't you?" said his  eating  head  and
carried on.
There were now so many people  after  him  he'd  lost  count.  He
shouldn't  have  made  such a conspicuous entrance. Hell, why not
though, he thought. How do you know you're having fun if  there's
no one watching you have it?
"Maybe  someone  here  tipped  off  the  Galactic  Police,"  said
Trillian. "Everyone saw you come in."
"You mean they want to arrest me over the  phone?"  said  Zaphod,
"Could be. I'm a pretty dangerous dude when I'm concerned."
"Yeah," said a voice from under the table, "you go to  pieces  so
fast people get hit by the shrapnel."
"Hey, what is this, Judgment Day?" snapped Zaphod.
"Do we get to see that as well?" asked Arthur nervously.
"I'm in no hurry," muttered Zaphod, "OK, so who's the cat on  the
phone?"  He kicked Ford. "Hey get up there, kid," he said to him,
"I may need you."
"I am not," said the  waiter,  "personally  acquainted  with  the
metal gentlemen in question, sir ..."
"Metal?"
"Yes, sir."
"Did you say metal?"
"Yes, sir. I said that I am not personally  acquainted  with  the
metal gentleman in question ..."
"OK, carry on."
"But I am informed that he has been awaiting your  return  for  a
considerable number of millennia. It seems you left here somewhat
precipitately."
"Left here?" said Zaphod, "are you being strange?  We  only  just
arrived here."
"Indeed, sir," persisted the waiter  doggedly,  "but  before  you
arrived here, sir, I understand that you left here."
Zaphod tried this in one brain, then in the other.
"You're saying," he said, "that before we arrived here,  we  left
here?"
This is going to be a long night, thought the waiter.
"Precisely, sir," he said.
"Put your analyst on danger money, baby," advised Zaphod.
"No, wait a minute," said Ford, emerging above table level again,
"where exactly is here?"
"To be absolutely exact sir, it is Frogstar World B."
"But we just left there," protested Zaphod, "we  left  there  and
came to the Restaurant at the End of the Universe."
"Yes, sir," said the waiter, feeling that he  was  now  into  the
home  stretch  and  running well, "the one was constructed on the
ruins of the other."
"Oh," said Arthur brightly, "you mean we've travelled in time but
not in space."
"Listen you semi-evolved simian," cut in Zaphod, "go climb a tree
will you?"
Arthur bristled.
"Go bang your heads together four-eyes," he advised Zaphod.
"No, no," the waiter said to Zaphod,  "your  monkey  has  got  it
right, sir."
Arthur stuttered in fury and said  nothing  apposite,  or  indeed
coherent.
"You jumped forward ... I believe five  hundred  and  seventy-six
thousand million years whilst staying in exactly the same place,"
explained the waiter. He smiled. He had a wonderful feeling  that
he  had  finally  won  through  against  what  had  seemed  to be
insuperable odds.
"That's it!" said Zaphod, "I got it. I told the computer to  send
us  to the nearest place to eat, that's exactly what it did. Give
or take five hundred and seventy-six thousand million  years,  we
never moved. Neat."
They all agreed this was very neat.
"But who," said Zaphod, "is the cat on the phone?"
"Whatever happened to Marvin?" said Trillian.
Zaphod clapped his hands to his heads.
"The Paranoid Android! I left him moping about on Frogstar B."
"When was this?"
"Well, er, five hundred and seventy-six  thousand  million  years
ago I suppose," said Zaphod, "Hey, er, hand me the rap-rod, Plate
Captain."
The little waiter's  eyebrows  wandered  about  his  forehead  in
confusion.
"I beg your pardon, sir?" he said.
"The phone, waiter," said Zaphod, grabbing it off him. "Shee, you
guys are so unhip it's a wonder your bums don't fall off."
"Indeed, sir."
"Hey, Marvin, is that you?" said Zaphod into the phone, "How  you
doing, kid?"
There was a long pause before a thin low voice came up the line.
"I think you ought to know I'm feeling very depressed," it said.
Zaphod cupped his hands over the phone.
"It's Marvin," he said.
"Hey, Marvin," he said into the  phone  again,  "we're  having  a
great  time. Food, wine, a little personal abuse and the Universe
going foom. Where can we find you?"
Again the pause.
"You don't have to pretend to be interested in me you know," said
Marvin at last, "I know perfectly well I'm only a menial robot."
"OK, OK," said Zaphod, "but where are you?"
"`Reverse primary thrust, Marvin,' that's what they  say  to  me,
`open  airlock number three, Marvin. Marvin, can you pick up that
piece of paper?' Can I pick up that piece of paper!  Here  I  am,
brain the size of a planet and they ask me to ..."
"Yeah, yeah," sympathized Zaphod hardly at all.
"But I'm quite used to being humiliated," droned Marvin,  "I  can
even go and stick my head in a bucket of water if you like. Would
you like me to go and stick my head in a bucket  of  water?  I've
got one ready. Wait a minute."
"Er, hey, Marvin ..." interrupted Zaphod, but it  was  too  late.
Sad little clunks and gurgles came up the line.
"What's he saying?" asked Trillian.
"Nothing," said Zaphod, "he just phoned up to wash  his  head  at
us."
"There," said Marvin, coming back on the line and bubbling a bit,
"I hope that gave satisfaction ..."
"Yeah, yeah," said Zaphod, "now will you please tell us where you
are?"
"I'm in the car park," said Marvin.
"The car park?" said Zaphod, "what are you doing there?"
"Parking cars, what else does one do in a car park?"
"OK, hang in there, we'll be right down."
In one movement Zaphod leapt to his feet, threw  down  the  phone
and wrote "Hotblack Desiato" on the bill.
"Come on guys," he said, "Marvin's in the car park. Let's get  on
down."
"What's he doing in the car park?" asked Arthur.
"Parking cars, what else? Dum dum."
"But what about the End of  the  Universe?  We'll  miss  the  big
moment."
"I've seen it. It's rubbish," said Zaphod, "nothing  but  a  gnab
gib."
"A what?"
"Opposite of a big bang. Come on, let's get zappy."
Few of the other diners paid them any attention  as  they  weaved
their  way  through  the  Restaurant to the exit. Their eyes were
riveted on the horror of the skies.
"An interesting effect to watch for," Max was telling  them,  "is
in  the  upper  left-hand  quadrant of the sky, where if you look
very carefully you can see the star system Hastromil boiling away
into the ultra-violet. Anyone here from Hastromil?"
There were one or two slightly hesitant cheers from somewhere  at
the back.
"Well," said Max beaming cheerfully at them, "it's  too  late  to
worry about whether you left the gas on now."
=================================================================
Chapter 18
The main reception foyer was almost empty but  Ford  nevertheless
weaved his way through it.
Zaphod grasped him firmly by the arm and manoeuvred  him  into  a
cubicle standing to one side of the entrance hall.
"What are you doing to him?" asked Arthur.
"Sobering him up," said Zaphod and pushed a  coin  into  a  slot.
Lights flashed, gases swirled.
"Hi," said Ford stepping  out  a  moment  later,  "where  are  we
going?"
"Down to the car park, come on."
"What about the personnel Time Teleports?"  said  Ford,  "Get  us
straight back to the Heart of Gold."
"Yeah, but I've cooled on that ship. Zarniwoop  can  have  it.  I
don't want to play his games. Let's see what we can find."
A  Sirius   Cybernetics   Corporation   Happy   Vertical   People
Transporter  took  them  down deep into the substrata beneath the
Restaurant. They were glad to see  it  had  been  vandalized  and
didn't try to make them happy as well as take them down.
At the bottom of the shaft the lift doors opened and a  blast  of
cold stale air hit them.
The first thing they saw on leaving the lift was a long  concrete
wall with over fifty doors in it offering lavatory facilities for
all of fifty major lifeforms. Nevertheless, like every  car  park
in  the  Galaxy  throughout the entire history of car parks, this
car park smelt predominantly of impatience.
They turned a corner and found themselves  on  a  moving  catwalk
that traversed a vast cavernous space that stretched off into the
dim distance.
It was divided off into bays each of which contained a space ship
belonging  to  one  of  the  diners  upstairs,  some smallish and
utilitarian  mass  production   models,   others   vast   shining
limoships, the playthings of the very rich.
Zaphod's eyes sparkled with something that may or  may  not  have
been  avarice  as  he  passed  over them. In fact it's best to be
clear on this point - avarice is definitely what it was.
"There he is," said Trillian, "Marvin, down there."
They looked where she was pointing. Dimly they could see a  small
metal  figure listlessly rubbing a small rag on one remote corner
of a giant silver suncruiser.
At short intervals along the  moving  catwalk,  wide  transparent
tubes  led  down  to  floor level. Zaphod stepped off the catwalk
into one and  floated  gently  downwards.  The  others  followed.
Thinking  back  to  this  later,  Arthur  Dent thought it was the
single most enjoyable experience of his travels in the Galaxy.
"Hey, Marvin," said Zaphod striding over towards  to  him,  "Hey,
kid, are we pleased to see you."
Marvin turned, and in so far as it  is  possible  for  a  totally
inert metal face to look reproachfully, this is what it did.
"No you're not," he said, "no one ever is."
"Suit yourself," said Zaphod and turned away to ogle  the  ships.
Ford went with him.
Only Trillian and Arthur actually went up to Marvin.
"No, really we are," said Trillian and patted him in a  way  that
he  disliked  intensely,  "hanging around waiting for us all this
time."
"Five hundred and seventy-six thousand  million,  three  thousand
five  hundred  and  seventy-nine  years," said Marvin, "I counted
them."
"Well, here we are now," said Trillian, felling - quite correctly
in Marvin's view - that it was a slightly foolish thing to say.
"The first ten million years were the worst," said  Marvin,  "and
the  second ten million years, they were the worst too. The third
million years I didn't enjoy at all. After that I went into a bit
of decline."
He paused just long enough to make them feel they  ought  to  say
something, and then interrupted.
"It's the people you meet in this job that really get you  down,"
he said and paused again.
Trillian cleared her throat.
"Is that ..."
"The best conversation I had was over forty million  years  ago,"
continued Marvin.
Again the pause.
"Oh d ..."
"And that was with a coffee machine."
He waited.
"That's a ..."
"You don't like talking to me do  you?"  said  Marvin  in  a  low
desolate tone.
Trillian talked to Arthur instead.
Further down the chamber Ford  Prefect  had  found  something  of
which he very much liked the look, several such things in fact.
"Zaphod," he said in a quiet voice, "just look at some  of  these
little star trolleys ..."
Zaphod looked and liked.
The craft they were looking at  was  in  fact  pretty  small  but
extraordinary, and very much a rich kid's toy. It was not much to
look at. It resembled nothing so  much  as  a  paper  dart  about
twenty  feet  long made of thin but tough metal foil. At the rear
end was a small horizontal two-man cockpit. It had a tiny  charm-
drive  engine,  which  was  not capable of moving it at any great
speed. The thing it did have, however, was a heat-sink.
The heat-sink had a mass of some two thousand  billion  tons  and
was  contained  within a black hole mounted in an electromagnetic
field situated half-way along the length of the  ship,  and  this
heat-sink  enabled  the  craft  to  be manoeuvred to within a few
miles of a yellow sun, there to catch and ride the  solar  flares
that burst out from its surface.
Flare-riding is one of the most exotic and exhilarating sports in
existence,  and  those who can dare and afford it are amongst the
most  lionized  men  in  the  Galaxy.  It  is  also   of   course
stupefyingly  dangerous  -  those who don't die riding invariably
die of sexual exhaustion at one of  the  Daedalus  Club's  Apres-
Flare parties.
Ford and Zaphod looked and passed on.
"And this baby," said Ford, "the tangerine star  buggy  with  the
black sunbusters ..."
Again, the star buggy was a small ship - a totally  misnamed  one
in   fact,   because   the  one  thing  it  couldn't  manage  was
interstellar distances. Basically it was a sporty  planet  hopper
dolled  up to something it wasn't. Nice lines though. They passed
The next one was a big one and thirty yards long - a coach  built
limoship  and  obviously  designed  with one aim in mind, that of
making the beholder sick with envy. The paintwork  and  accessory
detail  clearly  said  "Not  only am I rich enough to afford this
ship, I am also rich enough not to take  it  seriously."  It  was
wonderfully hideous.
"Just look at  it,"  said  Zaphod,  "multi-cluster  quark  drive,
perspulex running boards. Got to be a Lazlar Lyricon custom job."
He examined every inch.
"Yes," he said,  "look,  the  infra-pink  lizard  emblem  on  the
neutrino cowling. Lazlar's trade mark. The man has no shame."
"I was passed by one of these  mothers  once,  out  by  the  Axel
Nebula,"  said  Ford,  "I  was going flat out and this thing just
strolled  past  me,  star  drive  hardly   ticking   over.   Just
incredible."
Zaphod whistled appreciatively.
"Ten seconds later", said Ford, "it  smashed  straight  into  the
third moon of Jaglan Beta."
"Yeah, right?"
"Amazing looking ship though. Looks like a  fish,  moves  like  a
fish, steers like a cow."
Ford looked round the other side.
"Hey, come and see," he called out, "there's a big mural  painted
on  this  side. A bursting sun - Disaster Area's trade mark. This
must be Hotblack's ship. Lucky old bugger. They do this  terrible
