Once they see that the PCs are indeed heroes, no doubt they
will be adequately rewarded.  The PCs may even want to stay
and re-build the Keep, using it as a base of operations!
               NPC ROSTER
     The following is a roster of the important NPCs in
Odnaar Keep.  You may wish to adjust them to suit the
strengths and weaknesses of your party.
     Salana Nightblade
     13th Level Elven Ranger
     Str: 14  HP: 77 AL: NG
     Dex: 16  AC: 5 (leather armor +1 + Dex bonus)
     Con: 15  2 Attacks per round
     Int: 13  Weapons:
     Wis: 15  short sword +2 (1d6/1d8), dagger (1d4/1d3)
     Cha: 15  THAC0: 8
     Ranger Abilities: Hide in Shadows 85%, Move Silently 99%
     Casting Level: 6
     Spells: 1st: cure light wounds (x2), remove fear; 2nd:
     hold person, charm person; 3rd: dispel magic
     Salana is a member of the Order of the Leaves, an elven
society of rangers sworn to protect the world from
extraplanar evils.  Any sage can tell the PCs this.
     Her order was alerted to the presence of Gathaur the
Baatezu by the gold dragon Jhem.  She also learned that
Flameburst was involved.
     She fought Flameburst long ago when he was attacking an
elven village for food.  She removed one of his eyes.  He
managed to heal it years later, but his enmity never
vanished.
     Thewyar
     11th Level Orc Shaman of Tiamat ("High-Priest")
     Str: 9   HP: 36
     Con: 11  AC: 3 (ring mail +2)
     Dex: 10  Weapon: flail +1 (1d4+1)
     Int: 8   THAC0: 12
     Wis: 14  XP: 130
     Cha: 6 (15 to humanoids)
     Spells: 5 4 4 3 2 1
     1st: detect good, dark, pass without trace, protection
from good, cause fear
     2nd: charm person (x2), hold person (x2)
     3rd: continual darkness, cause blindness, stone shape,
dispel magic
     4th: cause serious wounds (x2), cure serious wounds
     5th: transmute rock to mud, cure critical wounds
     6th: harm
     Thewyar learned of Tiamat through campfire stories at
his orc village.  Being very intelligent for an orc, he
decided that he should be on her side, in case she ever came
to this world to kill.  Also very charismatic, he led his
fellow orcs to capture travelers and interrogate him.  He
slowly learned about her, and became a shaman devoted to her.
     Tiamat was amused at this, and out of sheer whim decided
to allow him to worship her, letting him grow in power and
knowledge.
     Thewyar became a very powerful shaman (he thinks he's a
High-Priest), and was greatly feared and respected by all
humanoids near him.
     One day, Flameburst, who was searching for someone
knowledgeable in the ritual to summon Tiamat, learned of Thewyar
by sheer chance- he landed in an orc village for a quick
snack, and saw Tiamat's symbol on everyone.
     Thewyar knew of the ritual as Tiamat saw him growing in
power, and taught it to him in hopes she'd one day be
summoned to again ravage the world.  Thewyar has been living
at the Keep the last few weeks, preparing for the spell.  Out
of boredom, he's been creating zombies from killed explorers,
and putting them in places that are horrible to spend all of
eternity.
     Thewyar is never without the gnolls he brought with him
to the keep.  They serve him faithfully, and will fight to
the death.  There are ten in all, and 1d8 are always with
him.
     Thewyar acts egotistic around most people, since he is
the 'High-Priest' of Tiamat, after all.  He is fairly sure of
his power, but she wouldn't mind if he got killed by a kobold
if he wasn't the key to her freedom.  Therefore, Thewyar will
most likely survive to the Summoning Ritual, though his gnoll
guards may not.  The following are the stats for his gnolls:
     Gnolls (10 at highest possible encounter): AC 4; MV 9;
HD 2; hp 14, 10, 18, 11, 19, 12, 17, 13, 12, 5; THAC0 14; #AT
1; Dmg 2-8+1 (enchanted swords); AL LE; Size L; XP 35; ML 19;
SA none; SD none
     As can be seen in their stats, they are very tough (for
gnolls!).
     Flameburst
     Mature Adult Red Dragon
     Body Length: 117' MR: 40%
     Tail Length 87'   XP: 12,000
     AC: -6            MV:
     HD: 16
     hp: 128
     Breath Weapon:
     Cone of fire 90' long, 5' wide at mouth, 30' at base.
14d10+7 damage.
     Spells (9th level of casting): 2 2
     1st: magic missile (9 missiles, 1d4+1 dmg), protection
from good
     2nd: detect good, web
     Flameburst, who's true name was Saadir, was being raised
by his father, a very evil red dragon, when a powerful
baatezu slew him.  Orphaned, Saadir decided to learn as much
as he could about the Outer Planes, so he could protect
himself.
     Then he was captured while sleeping in his lair by fifty
of Lord Battlewood's elite soldiers.  He was brought to a
special underground room, but broke free from his chains
secretly.  When some guards went to feed him, he captured
them, beginning a 'hostage' situation that lasted for a day.
During this time, Saadir summoned the baatezu pit fiend known
as Gathaur.
     With the help of Gathaur, Saadir destroyed the army and
much of the Keep.  The two made a pact to come together once
again hundreds of years later, during the Time of Many
Colors, when the realm of Tiamat and the Prime Material Plane
were closest.
     They did, and with the help of Thewyar and Thixtwana,
the are ready to summon the Chromatic Dragon.
     Gathaur
     Greater Baatezu - Pit Fiend
     AC: -5
     MV: 15, Fl 24 (C)
     HD: 13  XP: 57,500
     hp: 68  ML: 19
     THAC0: 7
     # of AT: 6
     DAMAGE/ATTACK: 1-4/1-4/1-6/1-6/2-12/2-8 or weapon +6
(Strength bonus)    (wing buffet) (claw) (bite + poison)
(tail)
     SA: Radiates fear aura in a 20' radius (save vs. rod,
staff, or wand at a -3 penalty or flee for 1-10 rounds).
         Successful bite injects poison (save vs. poison or
die in 1-4 rounds, even if made victim is 100% likely to get
a disease)
          Can use tail to constrict victim for automatic
damage every round unlit victim makes Str. check on a
successful attack.
          Once per round can use these spell-like abilities:
* advanced illusion
* animate dead
* charm person
* infravision
* know alignment, always active
* suggestion
* teleport without error
* detect magic
* detect invisibility
* fireball
* hold person
* improved invisibility
* polymorph self
* produce flame
* pyrotechnics
* wall of fire
     Once per year can cast a wish spell.  Gathaur also has
the ability to gate in lesser baatezu, but will not out of
his own dignity.
     SD: Regenerates 2 hit points per round.
         +3 or better weapon required to hit.
     Gathaur has been a pit fiend for almost five hundred
years now, and has risen to a fairly high rank.  He has used
his wish to grant him many things, including a large palace,
servants, and other things to make his 'life' easier.
     Gathaur is constantly plotting against the tanar'ri, and
even more so the destruction of mankind.
     He was summoned by Flameburst to help destroy the Keep.
Angry enough at this, he was secretly infuriated to be used
as a mere weapon.  He vowed to get his revenge against
Saadir.  However, the dragon was somewhat intelligent in his
mind, as Flameburst recommended they meet again centuries
later to summon Tiamat.
     Gathaur has been in the upper part of the Tower for a
full week now, preparing for the ceremony.  He brought with
him from the Nine Hells a book translated into Common as 'Of
Summoning Dark Ones'.  It is known of by only a select few
powerful arch-Necromancers, and perhaps a dozen or so
Baatezu.  It tells of the summoning rituals for tens of
horrible, utterly evil creatures imprisoned in the Outer
Planes.  Gathaur stole it from a tanar'ri he killed, and many
baatezu would do anything to get it.
     Gathaur plan to kill Flameburst.  He could care less for
Thewyar, but realizes his safety most be insured until he
summons Tiamat.  He also cares little about Tiamat, except
for the fact she will cause untold death and destruction to
mankind.  In any event, Gathaur plans to plane shift, an
ability he gained through a wish spell, back to his native
plane for a possible promotion.
     Gathaur, being a baatezu, is unaffected by fire, whether
magical or from a dragon; iron weapons, or poison.  He takes
half damage from gas, silver weapons, and cold.
               About the Author
     David Millstein is a thirteen-year born and raised in
Brooklyn, New York.  He has been involved with role-playing
games since the second grade, and has been writing stories
for almost as long.  This is his first completed module.
               Dedications
     To Chris- for being my best friend for all these years,
and for introducing me to RPGs in second grade with that
DRAGONLANCE story and Lone Wolf books.
     To Mom & Dad- for buying me the word processor this was
written on, the computers I've always had, and supplying the
cash for most of my RPG stuff.
     To Gary Gygax & TSR- for creating a wonderful game that
has changed my, and many other's, life.
     To anyone who's ever written an adventure- Whether you
know it or not, you've helped me by showing me what good
adventures are made of, interesting plots, and fun ways to
kill PCs.  Just kidding!
     To anyone I forgot- Thanks!  You'll be in the next one!
David can be reached on the PRODIGY Network at ID NMKW57B
until, most probably July 1st.
Please E-mail me with comments, reviews, questions, etc.
Copyright (c) 1993 David Millstein
The KHARIANIANS
Background:
   According to the ancient Jovhan language, the word Kharian
means, "Great Teacher."  Legends of the ancient Kharian race also
seem to point to them as Great Teachers.  They are said to have
traveled across much of the galaxy spreading the vast knowledge
their race had acquired over many millennia.  There is also much
scientific evidence to support these legends, which seem to show
the ancient Kharians as a Great Society of Thinkers and Teachers.
   However, something happened to change all that some thousand
years ago.  Exactly what happened is not know, and may never be
known.  The only thing that is known is that around that time the
ancient Kharians turned from using their knowledge to help and
teach, and turned it to the use of destruction and war.
   This is known because it was at this time, some thousand years
ago, that the Great Kharian War began.  This war, which involved
the Kharians and another ancient people known only as The One,
forever changed the far reaches of the galaxy.
   Many believe that the ancient Kharians had not only
accumulated great knowledge and wealth, but also a great pride. 
It may have been this great pride that led to the war.  Could the
Kharians have seen the society known as The One becoming a threat
to their dominance?
   No one knows much about Kharian Society after the time of the
Great War.  Since then all contact with them has led to only one
thing . . . destruction.  Because of this, according to the
modern Jovhan language, the word Kharian now means, "Destroyer."
Society:
   What is known about the modern Kharian has been taken from
various fragmented accounts.  Because of the origins of this
information, no one is sure how accurate it actually is.
   Kharians are believed to have a "clan" based society.  These
"clans" are thought to be made up of the decedents of important
families.  Those who are not descended from one of these families
work all their lives to be adopted by one.
   As a member of a clan, a Kharian is trained and drilled from
early childhood to become a leader.  Early training is basically
the same for all clan members.  Around the age of thirteen though
each individual begins down their own "path."
   There are three known paths.  They are the "Path of the
Warrior," "Path of the Thinker," and "Path of the Leader."  Each
clan has a particular path that they specialize in, and have come
to be known for.
   What each of the paths actually consist of is not yet known,
but due to boasting by some members of the Kharian society, the
primary clan of each is known.  The Clan of Gret'ak is known as a
Clan of Great Warriors and its members are often found in command
of primary vessels.  Clan Turg'ak are the primary leaders of the
Kharian society, and are believed to have been in power for over
500 years.  Clan Brin'ak are believed to be the ancestors of the
primary families in ancient Kharian society, and the protectors
of thought and knowledge in the modern society.
   Kharian Society dictates that that part of the body which is
strongest be displayed as a symbol of honor.  This has led to the
clothing and uniform style worn by Kharians.
   Those who have completed the "Path of the Leader" show their
heart.  This is because the heart is said to be the part of the
body where leadership flows.  Accordingly the uniform of a
Kharian of the Leadership Path is often low across the chest,
with a narrow opening from the neck to just below the heart.
   Kharians who have taken the "Path of the Thinker" are required
to where a conservative uniform, exposing only the area above the
neck and the hands.  This is done because it is believed that the
head is the source of all knowledge and the hands are the workers
of knowledge.
   Followers of the "Path of the Warrior" wear a uniform of
armor.  However, the armor exposes both arms, the neck and upper
chest area, and the head entirely.  The Armor is also made of a
tight fitting material which shows off the body it covers, done
because the body is the tool of a warrior.  The armor material is
tight fitting and thin, but has a soft quilted padding appearance 
The weapons of the warrior are worn exposed on a belt around the
waist.  They also carry a sword strapped across their backs.
   All Kharians that have been seen have worn a two inch wide
metallic-band on their upper right arms.  This is known to be a
communication device.  It is also thought by some scientist to be
used to enhance the Kharian transporters.  Since little is known
about their technology though, this is only a theory.
   Besides the band, all Kharians that have been seen have also
carried a small pack around their waste.  The only exception to
this is the Kharian Warrior, leading most to think it carries a
weapon along with other personal devices.
Appearance:
   In physical appearance all Kharian bare a striking resemblance
to one another, which has led many Federation Scientists to
believe that their may have been some sort of selected breading
program during some point in Kharian history.
   Kharian's have a bronzed skin color, which grows darker as
they age.  Because of this it is very easy to tell the elder
members of each Clan.  It also has been reported that the darker
members are also the higher ranking members.
   Their hair is a silky black, with small spots of white as they
age.  The speckles of white in their jet black hair are said to
resemble a clear night sky.  Reports show that the eldest of each
Clan has hairs the color of the Terran spice known as black
pepper.
   The eyes of a Kharian are the only known of their type.  Their
eyes have a double pupil, although this is barely visible without
close inspection.  This double pupil gives them a 270-degree
field of view.  It also gives them an uncanny ability at the
detection of movement, distance, depth, and other properties of
sight.  Coupled with their apparent ability to partially see into
the infrared and ultraviolet ends of the spectrum, the eyesight
of a Kharian is believed to be the best in the known galaxy.  It
is said that Kharians can predict an opponent's movements by
"seeing" muscle contractions and heat buildup from blood flow.
   Both the Males and Females of the Kharian race have very fit
bodies.  The word fit is used because they are not known to have
a large muscle structure, or be especially strong.  They are
simply fit and toned.
   Kharian Males have only a small strip of hair tracing the
bottom edge of their skull.  The males carry their Clan Markings,
a black tattoo, in a narrow band around their head.
   The Kharian Females have a full head of flowing hair, which
often reaches as to their shoulders.  The Female Clan Markings
are carried in a small band around their left wrist.  One strange
quality of females is that a small percentage are born with deep
emerald eyes.  Since all others, males and females, have black
eyes only, the few with emerald eyes are considered treasures of
beauty.
Technology:
   The most distinctive thing about the Kharians so far is their
Star Ship design.  They are not thought to have any seperate
scientific, transport, or military class ships.  It appears that
their is only one design.  However, no two ships are ever the sam
   Hull material of their ships has a deep blue-black color.  The
material is not only of a strange color but also perfectly
smooth.
   Each shape is shaped differently.  There are no angles to be
found any where on the exterior of the ship.  There are no flat
surfaces only smoothly flowing curves.
   Probably the strangest feature of Kharian vessels is the fact
that no opening has ever been seen or detected anywhere on any
vessel.
   Nothing is known about Kharian weapons systems or propulsion. 
This is mainly due to the fact that anytime their weapons have
been used nothing was left to take readings with.
Conclusion:
   Very little else is known about the race known as the
Kharians.  One thing is sure though, if the Federation has any
chance of remaining in the Omega Quadrant more has got to be
learned about them.
copyright. 1994 - Chris Spires
If you'd like to use this or any other part of the GorVosh Station Story Line
just let m know.  I'll be more than happy to give you permission...but please
ask first.
  Leeched from...
THE POLKA AE/cDc 806/794-4362 pwrd:KILL
 Slagathor #158 >>>
Kneeslapper
by Slagathor, 7/23/1991
It's this guy named Fred back in California.  He just went around all days 
slapping everyone's knees.  That is, of course he'd finished slapping his 
until they started to bleed.  He enjoyed it so much, that he decided he'd 
spread the joyous feeling of slapped knees to the entire county.
Then, one day, the Coalition Opposing Continuous Knee Slapping rode into town. 
They were brought in by the city counsil to end the madness.  They searched 
the town for the man who slapped knees.  They followed the trail of bodies to 
the Airport Cafe.  Sure enough, Fred was inside slapping knees while those 
around him watched helplessly.  Hardly a knee in the place was unslapped.
So the Coalition filled him full of lead.  Gurgling through his own blood, 
Fred said "My what lovely knees you have" and then died.
THE MORAL OF THIS STORY: Never write a story at 3:00 in the morning.
Laters.
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
         (313)558-5024 - Supra 14.4 - Sysop: Gug
               A Game Master Support BBS
          RPG, Homebrew Beer,  & Fiction Text
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
From stehman@hubcap.clemson.edu Tue Nov  6 20:41:16 1990
From: stehman@hubcap.clemson.edu (Jeff Stehman)
Newsgroups: rec.games.frp
Subject: Short:  Knucklebones
Keywords: Carried away
Date: 6 Nov 90 16:32:08 GMT
Organization: Clemson University, Clemson, SC
	Last night I was reading through some old net articles that I 
rather like (don't ask, I only have hard copies) and I ran across 'Fun 
with Faerie Dragons: A D&D Tale,' [ 7/8/88 ] by the Pakrat from 
Rutgers (Stephen Lignowski) who, alas, I believe we have lost to the 
real world.  Anyway, it reminded me of a very strange adventure I once 
put a group through; kind'a WFRP meets Toon.  Now, this was a 
one-session game while I was home on break, and these kind of games do 
tend to get a little silly, but this one got out of hand.  
	My memories of this are rather vague; I don't even remember 
the characters' names; so please forgive me if this doesn't flow quite 
as well as the shorts I normally post.  You probably won't be shocked 
when I tell you I watched the introductory screens to Castlevania the 
day before game.  
That the necromancer wanted a young maiden was not the real problem, 
even though the town was having a hard time finding someone who 
qualified; they most certainly would not have handed some poor, young, 
innocent lass over to such a villain just to save the town from near 
total annihilation (or so they claimed after not finding one).  The 
problem was that they were too isolated to get help in time.  
	Stereotypically, they had to rely on a few local hunters, 
militia, and residents of the jail who had the courage (and on whom 
the mayor had leverage) to do the job.  Stereotypically, the job was 
to march down the to the keep on the peninsula, penetrate its 
defenses, and kill the necromancer.  (A few of the more intellectually 
inclined of the adventurers assigned to the task noted that coming 
back alive was not in their job description.) 
Our Heroes were puzzled no end.  The skeleton just stood their; 
occasionally turning his head slightly to keep an eye-socket on them, 
to be sure, but he never really moved.  
	The keep was a large, boxish affair set on the very edge of 
the sea.  Their obvious goal was a large tower that rose up out of the 
sea and was connected to the keep via a stone walkway that appeared to 
be enclosed.  The only explicit entrance to the keep was a central 
gate of large double doors.  The way Our Heroes wanted to enter was 
through a door on a balcony nearly ten meters above the gate.  That 
was well and good, but they could not agree on what to do about the 
headsman.  
	The skeleton in question stood atop a small knoll not too far 
>from the gate.  He was heavily armored and was leaning on a headsman's 
axe.  Beside him was a chopping block.  Our Heroes had done 
considerable scouting about the keep and the knoll, being less and 
less sneaky about it as time went on, but the headsman seemed to have 
no interest in anything they did.  Even now, as Bio and Zog stood 
before the gate, Bio swinging a grappling hook, the headsman did 
nothing more than watch.  
	Bio released the grappling hook; and dove for cover as it 
missed its mark and gravity took its toll.  
	"Why don't we just axe the gate?" asked Zog.  Dwarves are 
practical by nature, and Zog was in a hurry to get back to his cell.  
	Bio's second try succeeded, with the grappling hook catching 
on the stone wall of the balcony.  
	"What, and let the necromancer know we're here?" asked Bio as 
he waved the other three over.  
	"Oh, right!" snorted Zog.  "What the hell ya' think that 
thing's for?" he demanded, pointing at the headsman.  
	Bio ignored him.  "I'll go up first, followed by the sergeant.  
Hunter will be next, followed by Patricia, and then Zog."  
	Bio and Sarge made the balcony, but before Hunter had a chance 
to start up the rope, the door on the balcony opened; Bio and Sarge 
were quickly beset by several skeletons.  
	Upon hearing the battle, Zog immediately began hacking at the 
gate with his battle axe.  When he finally succeeded in knocking out a 
plank, he reached through the opening to grope for a bar; a skeletal 
hand clamped onto his wrist.  Caught off guard, Zog was slammed into 
the gate as his arm was yanked through the hole.  Recovering almost 
immediately, Zog pulled back.  After battering his antagonist several 
times against the inside of the gate, he freed his arm; the skeletal 
hand was still firmly clasped to his wrist.  Even as he pryed the 
bones off, the gate was opened from the inside.  
The battle on the balcony went well, as the skeletons were neither 
well built nor well trained.  The battle at the gate, being against a
half-dozen skeletons, would have gone well, too, had not the headsman
chosen that moment to come to life.  The trio at the gate shattered
all of the attacking skeletons, but when the headsman returned to his
knoll, none of the living were conscious.  
Bio dodged the gauntlet as it darted for his throat, its fingers 
extended like talons.  His narrow escape brought him little joy, 
however, as the second gauntlet, balled into a fist, connected 
squarely with his jaw.  As Bio fell to the bone-littered floor, Sarge
finally landed a blow on one of the elusive gauntlet-covered skeletal
hands.  
	"Die, gods damn you!" he screamed as he sent the gauntlet 
spinning down the corridor and into the wall.  The gauntlet fell to 
the floor, but was almost immediately up again.  Much to the relief of 
the living, it zipped around the corner, out of sight.  The second 
gauntlet did likewise, disappearing around the corner at the other end 
of the corridor.  
	Bio leaned against the doorway to the balcony to catch his 
breath.  "Hey," he said with sudden revelation.  "The fighting has 
stopped.  And the headsman is back on his knoll!  This bodes ill."  
	"Well, lets make our way down to the gate and see what we 
find."  
	"Okay, light a lamp or something."  
	"Ah, I thought you brought a lantern."  
	They looked stupidly at each other for a moment, then into the 
darkness of the keep.  Without a word, they started down the rope.  
Bio, Sarge, and a recovered Hunter stood atop the balcony.  Patricia 
was climbing the rope while Zog anchored the bottom of the line.  
Almost to her destination, Patricia slipped and fell.  Screaming, she 
plummeted towards a Zog, who was also screaming and scrambling hastily 
out of the way.  As she fell she got tangled in the rope.  Her fall 
slowed and then came abruptly to a halt; she was dangling by one leg, 
her face a span away from the ground.  Since she was still screaming, 
it was some time before she noticed that her boot was smoking.
Zog had joined the others on the balcony and together they were 
encouraging, berating, and insulting Patricia.  Finally the huntress 
summoned the courage to climb the rope.  Halfway to the top, the 
headsman animated.  Charging the gate, he cast aside his axe and 
leaped for the rope.  Catching hold of it, he swung into the keep,
then kicked out hard, causing himself to spin, all the while shaking
the rope violently.  Patricia screamed and hung on for dear life as
she swung and spun danced around.  
	"Pull them up!" yelled Sarge as he grabbed the rope and 
pulled.  "He's doesn't have his axe!  Pull them up!  Pull them up!" 
The four hauled on the rope, but the headsman quickly dropped to the 
ground, retrieved his axe, and returned to his knoll.  
	As they pulled Patricia over the wall, she collapsed onto 
the floor, still clinging to the rope.  
Torches burning brightly, Our Heroes descended the wide stairway into 
the main hall.  The bottom of the stairs faced the entrance, beyond 
which they assumed was the front gate.  No skeletons were in sight; 
however, the hall was not without bones.  A skull was perched on the 
bottom of the banister, facing the entrance.  The across the hall was
a gargoyle, which had apparently fallen (or been cast) from above and
landed on some poor unfortunate.  All the remained of the victim were
scattered bones.  
	"Boy, those gargoyles sure are heavy," the skull said 
conversationally as the first of the living set foot on the bottom 
step.  
	"Ahhhh!!!" Our Heroes replied in unison as a quarrel, an 
arrow, two swords, and an axe pointed towards the skull.  
	"Say, the back of my head is tingling.  You guys are pointing 
weapons at me, are you?" the skull asked suspiciously.  
	"Who, us?" replied Bio, hiding his sword behind his back.  
"'Course not.  Ah, you were saying?" 
	"Yeah, boy, talk about a headache.  I sure look a mess, don't 
I; all scattered about like that.  That liche never was much on 
housekeeping..."  
	"Liche?!!" 
	"Yeah, you'd think with all the skeletons he had romping about 
this place he would have given a few of them brooms."  
	Many a whimper came from Our Heroes, and more than one broke 
down and cried.  
	"Ah, you said there's a liche?" Sarge inquired.  
	"Hey, don't sweat it," replied the skull cheerfully.  "The 
necromancer got rid of him first thing."  
	"Small comfort."  
	"'Course, he's not much on housekeeping, either, always 
letting those Fimir come tromping through here."  
	"I'm leaving..."  
Bio walked into the small, circular room, heading for the spiral 
stairs in the center.  Suddenly a dragon's skull, still attached to 
its bony neck, appeared from under the stairs and lunged at Bio.  
Screaming, Bio fell back as the dragon's jaws chomped just short of 
him.  Again the dragon lunged and chomped, though it was held in check 
by the chain of its own vertibrae.  Again Bio fell back screaming.  
	The dragon's cold, eye-sockets stared at Our Heroes.  Again 
Bio fell back screaming.  
	"Hunter," Sarge called as he shoved Bio out of the way.  
Hunter stepped up to the doorway and leveled his crossbow.  
	Kachunk!  
	The dragon winced (as best he could) as the bolt bounced off 
his skull.  Quickly he retreated behind the stairs.  Momentarily, his 
snout and a single eye-socket could be seen as he peeked out of 
hiding.  
	"He must be attached to the stairs," observed Zog.  "You 
stretch him out and I'll chop him off at the base."  
	Sarge grabbed Bio and jumped into the room, circling to the 
right.  The dragon lunged, his jaws crashing together between Bio and 
Sarge.  Zog dashed into the room and left, leaping behind the stairs 
and swinging his axe at the anchoring vertibra with all his might...  
On reflection, the battle with the Fimir was actually a pleasant
experience.  Feeling one's blade bite into the living flesh of the
opponent was very refreshing (the ogre-ghoul did not count).  Thus it
was that, although his hair had been singed by fireballs, and Hunter
was dead, Bio was feeling quite chipper (relatively speaking) when he
stepped into the doorway of the room he was assigned to explore.  
	Then he saw the gauntlet.  
	It was above the door, a little off to one side.  It obviously 
had some scheme or another in mind, as it was carrying a coil of rope.  
Upon being discovered by Bio, the gauntlet glanced right, then left, 
then dropped the rope behind the door.  Attempted to appear 
nonchalant, the gauntlet polished one of its fingertips with its 
thumb.  After giving up on appearing innocent, it gave Bio what was 
obviously a shrug, then darted past him, out the door, and down the 
hall.  
At last they stood at the entrance to the tower.  Looking down, there 
was only darkness.  Looking up, the light shed by a few windows showed 
them a stair leading up to a hole in the ceiling.  Alas, the stair did 
not terminate at Our Heroes' feet.  At their level of the tower three 
stairways had at one time arched together, meeting in the center.  One 
led to the stair that spiraled down into the darkness.  One led to the 
stair that spiraled up to the room above.  One led to the doorway at 
which Our Heroes stood.  Stereotypically, the latter was missing.  
	"Well, that certainly looks stable," Zog said 
matter-of-factly, demonstrating both his understanding of stone and
his understanding of sarcasm.  
	"At least it will be easy to hook with the grapnel," Sarge 
said, indicating the nexus of stairs.  The other two nodded.
	Patricia was guarding the other end of the bridge, as she
refused to look upon the interior of the bottomless tower.  
"Uh, oh," Sarge muttered quietly.  Zog nodded in agreement; it was 
indeed a predicament.  Silently they agreed it was best not to tell 
Bio unless it was absolutely necessary; if the the gauntlet succeeded 
in untying the rope from the grapnel, he'd find out soon enough.  
	Sarge raised Hunter's crossbow and took careful aim.  
	Kachunk!  
	The bolt zipped past the gauntlet, which jumped in surprise 
and then dove behind the stairs, out of sight.  
	"What the hell was that!" screamed Bio, who was halfway across 
the rope.  
	"Ah, well, I hate to tell you this, but one the gauntlets is
trying to untie the rope," explained Sarge.  
	"Ahhhhh!!!!" replied Bio as he madly scrambled across the 
rope.  
	The gauntlet peeked over the stairs, then darted for the 
grapnel and began tugging at it vigorously, slowly working it towards 
the edge.  At that moment, its mate showed up, announcing its presence 
by jabbing Bio in the ribs.  
	"Yeow!" Bio screamed, letting go of the rope to grab his side.  
Instantly he was dangly upside down, hanging from the rope by his 
knees and desperately trying to keep the suddenly playful gauntlet at 
bay.  "Get away!  Get away!  Get away!" Then he saw what Sarge 
intended.  "No, don't!" 
	Kachunk!  
	Bio covered his head with his arms as the bolt whizzed by him 
and slammed into the gauntlet, sending it spinning away.  Risking a 
glance, Bio breathed a sigh of relief.  Pulling himself up, the
grabbed the rope.  Just then the other gauntlet freed the grapnel.  
	"Ahhhh!!!" screamed Bio as he arced down and slammed into the 
wall.  Loosing his grip, he fell the last five meters to the stairs, 
landing on his head, and rolled, unconscious, downwards for a full 
quarter-turn of the stairs.  
	"Hey, that'll work!" Sarge declared as he gazed below.  "I 
mean, if you're willing to risk the drop."  
	"Beats the hell out of the playing spider with those gauntlets 
around," replied Zog.  He cast about, but the offending bits of armor 
had vanished.  Just to be on the safe side, "You go first."  
	Sarge climbed down the rope, safely dropping the last several 
meters.  Zog followed, hitting the stairs with a thud, tumbling down 
the stairs and over the edge.  
	"Ah, little help here, please?"  Suspended by his fingertips, 
Zog discovered courtesy for the first time in his life.  
Miraculously, Bio was only dazed.  Single-file and weapons at the 
ready, the trio moved up the stairs, carefully passed the nexus, and 
charged the remainder of the way.  Sarge, first one through the 
opening, was greeted by a mailed skeleton wielding a two-handed sword.  
Its first blow sent the sergeant backwards and over the edge.  
	"Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!"  Splash!  
	Dazed, Sarge managed to get his feet under him and stand.  The 
water reached his chest, but he was given little chance to consider 
his surroundings or his luck.  
	"Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!"  Splash!  
	Sarge had moved out of the way just in time as another hit the
water.  Reaching out in the darkness, Sarge pulled Bio upright.  He
then fished around until he found both their weapons.  
	"You okay?" he asked, pushing a sword into Bio' hands.  
	Bio was silent for a moment.  "You know," he said calmly, then 
his voice began to rise, "that is probably the singular, most moronic 
question anyone has ever asked me!  Of all the...  Hey, what's that?" 
	A greenish glow filled the bottom of the tower, collecting 
near the bottom of the stairs and increasing in brilliance as the 
ex-liche brought together its spectral self.  At long last having a 
target for its pent up frustrations, its ethereal laughter filled the 
tower's cellar, drowning out the sound of combat from above.  With a 
gesture of its translucent arms, it brought forth its servants.  Four 
skeletons theatrically rose from the water.  
	Sarge had neither an interest in, nor the patience for 
theatrics; he shatter one skull before it had even cleared the water.  
Soon the spector was hissing impotently as Bio and Sarge reduced its 
minions to undead dust.  Using the spector's light, they then made the 
stairs and started up.  
	"Ahhhhhhh!!!!!!"  Splash!!  
	Zog sputtered to the surface.  Standing on his tip-toes, his 
face barely cleared the surface.  
	"Zog," Sarge called to him.  "Find your axe and get back up 
here."  
	"Pttt!  Pttt!  Yuck!  What is this paste floating around here?
I swallowed some!" 
	"Never mind that, just get up here."  
	With that they started back up the stairs.  As Sarge reached 
the top, he again met the two-handed sword.  
	"Ahhhhhhh!!!!!!" 
	As Sarge plummeted out of sight, Bio leaped into the room.  
His first swing took out the skeleton's left leg, his return blow 
shattering its skull.  
	"Diiie!!!" Bio screamed as he turned towards the interior of 
the room.  On the other side of a worktable stood the necromancer.
Next to him stood a skeleton, holding a bonebow at full draw.  
	"Oops."  
	As the arrow cleared the bow it split with a puff of magic 
into three complete arrows.  One took Bio in the left breast, one took 
him in the right breast, but, fortunately, the third missed him 
completely.  Unfortunately, he died none-the-less.
	Zog charged into the room.  Tripping over Bio saved him from a 
similar fate; only one of the four arrows that targeted him connected, 
piercing his mail and sinking firmly into his shoulder.  Undaunted, 
the dwarf charged.  The skeletal champion leaped over the table and 
met him with an otherworldly saber.  The dual was fierce, but Zog gave 
ground.  Slowly he was backed towards the opening.  Then, at a moment 
when Zog's defenses were down, the skeleton dealt him a vicious blow, 
slashing from low to high, cleaving the dwarf's face and sending him 
backwards through the opening.  
	As Sarge watched Zog plummet past him, he noticed that the 
dwarf was not screaming.  
	"Bummer."  
As his warrior battled the human, the necromancer was undecided.  His 
strength was rapidly dwindling.  He could summon another hero, or he 
could fly away through a window, but he was not sure he could do both.  
As he hesitated, his champion suddenly went down in a puff of dust and
a rattle of bones.
	"Oh, dear."  
	Looking up, he saw only death in the eyes of the invader; 
dealing with death on such an intimate level, he knew exactly what it 
looked like.  No time for a spell of offense or retreat, he turned and 
leaped into the window.  Reaching up, he grabbed the edge of the 
ceramic-tiled roof and clambered up.  
Sarge leaped to the window and was contemplating a method of safely 
reaching the roof when, amidst much clattering, the necromancer 
suddenly shot over the edge and plummeted, screaming, a hundred feet 
to the wave-battered rocks below.  
	"Hmmm, the roof must have ceramic tiles."  
After smashing every vial and bottle in sight, Sarge examined the five 
black caldrons arranged along one side of the room.  In four of the
five were somewhat faint images.  In one he recognized the landscape
at the front of the keep.  In another was the main hall.  Two others
showed one of the rooms that contained bodies of Fimir; however, they
were from different points of view and rapidly changed.  Then one of
the gauntlets darted into view and Sarge understood.  Picking up a
staff, he stirred one of the gauntlet-caldrons vigorously, observing
the affect in the other.  As one gauntlet looked on, the other spun
rapidly in place.  When Sarge stopped stirring, the gauntlet dropped
to the floor and flopped about.  Laughing, Sarge tipped over the
caldron.
	The contents of the caldron hissed and steamed as the slashed 
across the floor, eating away at the stone.  Alarmed, Sarge leapt 
away.  Glancing quickly about, he spotted a large chest near a bed.  
Not bothering to check for a lock, he brought his sword down on the 
top of the chest.  Quickly breaking it open, he was fortunately to 
find what he needed; rope.  Snatching it up, he jumped over the 
hissing and bubbling pool of gauntlet brains and charged down the 
stairs.  
Patricia was holding onto Sarge's belt as he groped through the 
darkness.  They had made it as far as the stairway into the main hall 
and, hand on the banister, Sarge as leading the way down the stairs.  
	Suddenly, his hand bumped into the skull, knocking it off the 
banister.  
	"Hey!" the skull exclaimed in surprise just before clattered
onto the floor.  "Ow!  Watch were you're going, will ya'?" 
	"Sorry."  
	"Ah, no problem.  I really can't feel anything, anyway."  
	Then Sarge remember the caldron.  "You can see, can't you!" he 
exclaimed.  
	The skull was silent for a moment.  "Yes," it said 
tentatively, recognizing from the statement that a request would be 
forthcoming.  
	"Can you lead us out of here?" 
	"Think about it," the skull replied caustically.  
	"If I carry you, can you guide us out of here?" 
	"Oh, sure.  Just come over here an pick me up.  No, here.  
Here, here, here, here, here, her-aah!" 
	"Sorry."  
	"Like I said, no problem.  I don't actually have eyes."  
	"Where to?" 
	"Where to?" 
	"Huh?  Oh, the gate."  
	"Turn right.  Okay, start ahead.  Okay, okay, doing fine..."  
	"Ouch!" 
	"Watch out for the gargoyle."  
	"Thanks."  
	"You're welcome.  Okay, a little to your left.  A little 
more...  Not that far," the skull as said Sarge walked into a wall.  
"Okay, now straight ahead..."  
The headsman would have furrowed his brow had he had one.  Something 
was definitely wrong.  He glanced at the bodies of the man and the 
woman.  No, they were quite dead.  Hmmm.  Turning his head farther, he 
looked up towards the tower.  Could it be...  
	At that moment the floor of the necromancer's room collapsed, 
sending all its contents to join the spirit of the liche.  
	Damn.  Then the headsman collapsed into dust.  
Those of you familiar with the workings of WFRP may have noticed that
the pcs did use one or two fate points.
	During the battle within the tower one of the players,
inspired, started in on a soundtrack common in many a Bugs Bunny
cartoon (up the stairs, off the ledge, up the stairs, off the ledge...)
It was hilarious.  
						Jeff Stehman
                   -------------------------
                   KZAP's Psychedelic Sunday
                   -------------------------
	[ KZAP - 98.5 FM - Sacremento Area, California ]
Ring Ring . . . Ring Ring . . . Ring Ring . . . Ri
[click]
  "Hello, KZAP's Psychedelic Sunday."
  "Uuuuuuh, hello?"
  "Yes, Psychedelic Sunday on KZAP.  Can I help you?"
  "Ooohh WOW man, I'm rappin' with the dude! Killer!"
  "CAN I HELP YOU?"
  "Oh yeah, man.  I'd like to make a song request . . . wait a sec, okay?
(caller's voice in background)  HEY MAN!  Dude!  I was savin' them 'shrooms for
the Dead concert.  Oh man!  Where am I gonna score some more before tomorrow?
Dude, this is some shit, man.  OOOH!  The dude's on the phone!  Wait a minute!
(sound of phone being fumbled) (voice comes to foreground) Hello?"
  "Hello!  Can I he-"
  "Yeah . . . uuuuhhhhh . . . uuuhhhhhhhhh . . OH YEAH! I wanna make a song . . 
Oh man, hold on a sec . . . (voice in background) Dude! That's a killer pipe!
Where'd you get that? . . .  Oh, I know that store . . . Fifteen bucks?  Shit,
That'za killer deal, man.  Dude, fifteen bucks won't even get you an eighth
of shake! (Unless you deal with Mexicans!) Oh yeah, Oh man!  The dude's still
on the phone!  (sound of phone dropped from table)  HELLO?!  HELLO?!  HELLO?!
YOU STILL THERE?!"
  "Yeessss . . ."
  "Killer!"
(5 seconds of silence)
  "KZAP'S PSYCHEDELIC SUNDAY!! CAN-I-HELP-YOU?!!"
  "Oh wow, man!  Don't yell into the phone like that!  Shit man, I'm blind in
one ear now!  Dude, that sucks!  My stereo is gonna sound like shit!  Why'd ya
hafta yell in the phone like that?  All I did was call you guys to . . . AH!
YEAH!  I wanna make a sond reques . . . oh, just a second man.  (voice in
background) Hey, hey! HEY!  Ya you, man.  Dude, line me up.  Yeah . . . did you
get that from your ex?  Oh, I hope it ain't cut with powdered glass!  Dude,
she was hella pissed when you took off on here.  I bet she misses her stereo,
heh heh heh.  Yeah . . . ooohh man, I left the dud on the phone again.  Hold
on . . . (voice comes to foreground)  HEY! Hold on while I do this line!
(sound of phone dropped from great height hitting a stone floor) (voice in
foreground) Sniff, sniiiiiiiff, snif!  ssssssssssssssnnif!  snert!  snort!
SNEEEERRRRRFFT!  SNNNNNNnnnnnNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOORRRTTTT! SNIFF! SNIFF! OH
DUDE!  IT WAS CUT WITH DRANO!!!  That BITCH!  You stupid, STUPID muthafawka.
Oh man!  Here comes the DRAIN!  AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
ssssSSSSSNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHWCK!
HAWWWWWWWWWK-*SPLAT*! OHDUDETHATWASHELLAGROSS!!!!!! Dude, you're gonna
need a putty-knife to get that one off the wall, Hahahahahaha.  But dude!  It
serves your right!  Your ex-bitch tried to poison us! Maaaaaan, shit. OH! That
dude's still on the phone. [CLATTER!]  Hello?  D.J. dude!  You there?"
  "Yes I am."
  "Oh killer!  I wanna make a song re . . . Oh shit!  Just a second, man . . .
(voice to background)  DUDE!  You held that mirror up where the D.J. dude
could see it on the phone.  Keep it down!  That dude will see it and call the
drug police.  That would suck, man. (voice to foreground)  You know, some
people say coke makes you paranoid.  I disagree as will the hundreds of
people who listen to my phone calls through taps . . ."
  "Pardon?"
  "Nothin' man.  Yeah, check it out; I wanna make a song request."
  "Yeeeeesss?"
  "Uhhhhhh . . . Hold on a second . . . [clatter!] Duuuuuuuude!  Where'd
you get the 'cid?  Kil-ler!  Two?  FOR EACH OF US?  Oh RIGHT on!  Let's doo it!
See ya in Fryland!  Oh, the D.J. dude . . . HELLO? HELL . . ."
  "YES!"
  "Oh right on.  Okay, this is the scene man.  I wanna make . . . oh, just . . .
just a second man (voice to background) Where did you say you got this fry from?
Your ex, Uh-oh.  Dude, this isn't good.  This isn't good as all.  Oh man.  Shit.
That fuckin' bitch.  She wasn't satisfied just to fuck you, nooOOOOooo, she
has to take one of your friends down, too.  Oh that bitch.  Dude, if we live
through this, I'm gonna kill your ex, I swear!  That bitch is about to become
a statistic. Maaaaan, I'm gonna run over her with a semi.  Yup, SPLAT!  Dude,
she might make the cover of Calivornia Highway Patrolman magazine!  She'll be
right up there with some guy whose volkswagon got run over by a 747.  OHHHHH!
The dude . . . (voice in foreground).  Is this KZAP's Psychedelic Sunday?"
  "Uh-huh"
  "Dude, I wanna make a s . . . WHOA!  JUSTASECOND!  (voice yelling in
background) Dude!  DUDE!  Kill that big ol' fuckin' spider over there!  QUICK!
. . . WHaddayamean 'Which one?'?!  The big black bastard the size of a
cocker spaniel that's chasing those fuzzy pink things.  Yeah,  THAT ONE!  There
ya go!  No dude, I don't have a shotgun . . . hit it with the fuckin' broom!
[SHWAATHUMBP!]  Aww you missed!  Dude . . . Dude!  It's hella pissed, dude!
Aw shit!  CALL 9-1-1!  CALL 9-1-1!  Tell 'em we got a big ol' fucking spider
hangin' on our wall and it's pissed off because we . . . no, because YOU
tried to hit it with a broom.  Oh!  And don't say anything about drugs.  Them
people are cops and they'll call the drug police and that'll suck.  And dude!
Ask them if they know the number of 'information' because I forgot it.  Fuck
it!  I'll call them. [CLATTER!]  HELLO?!! HELLO?!! 9-1-1?!!"
  "This is KZAP's Psychedelic Sund . . ."
  "Ow wow man!  Dude, I didn't know 9-1-1 connected to you dudes!  Right on!
Now I won't have to keep lookin' your number up.  That's cool, dude, because
I wanna make a song request."
  "And that is?"
  "Huh?"
  "WHAT SONG DO YOU WANT TO HEAR?"
(4 seconds of silence)
  "DUDE!  Now I'm blind in the other ear, too!  I told you not to yellinto
the phone.  And you scared this big ol' fuckin' spide . . . Oh, I'm sorry
dude!  I forgot you can't say 'fucking' on the radio.  Awww wow.  Oh Jesus,
this is some prime fry.  Ahhhhh.  I'm hella wasted.  (voice goes to background)
Dude, are you fryin'?  Yeah, this is some good shit.  I might not kill your
ex after all.  Oh!  Where'd that spider go?  The wombat ate him . . . Thazz
cool.  What do wombats eat?  Womflyinginsects.  Oooohhhhhh . . . I always
wondered about that.  Let's turn on the radio and listen to some toons.  I
think Psychedelic Sunday is on.  Oh!  The dude on the phone.  You turn on
the radio and I'll talk to the dude . . . (clatter)(voice comes to
foreground)  HELLO?!?! HELLOHELLOHELLOHELLOHELLOHELLOHELLOHELLOHELLOHELLOHELLO
HLOLOOEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIE
EIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIEIE (feedback at 500 watts)
  "OH SHIT DUDE!  WHERE'D YOUR EX GET THIS FRY?!  OHMYFUCKINGGAWD!"
(feedback fades)
  "TURN DOWN YOUR RADIO!" (omnipresent and thunderingly loud)
  "Dude!  God's telling us to turn down the radio!  Maybe he doesn't like
60's music . . . HEY!  HEY GOD!  YOU WANNA HEAR SOME SABBATH?!!  I GOT SOME
STRYPER! I GOT 'HOUSES OF THE HOLY'! MAYBE A LITTLE PRIEST? Awwwwww! This is
some hella fry!! Next time I see your ex, I won't kid her about having
'a rainbow of kids'. Hey, you know what? God sounds a lot like the D.J.
on Psychedelic Sunday.  Whatta trip. OH! I bet that dude's still on the
phone . . . (voice from foreground)  HELLO? KZAP DUDE? HEY . . ."
  "(exhausted) Yeah?"
  "Dude! God sounds like you!  I'm not bullshittin'! My friend and I dropped
some fry we got from my friend's ex-wife.  She's usually a real bitch and
we thought she might give us screwed fry bug it was too late by then because
we had already dripped it. And God told us to turn our radio down! AND HE
SOUNDED JUST LIKE YOU!"
  "That was ME, you idiot!"
(stunned silence)
  "(voice in background) Dude! GOD WORKS AT K-ZAP!  Oh right on!  Cool deal!
Let's ask him for a CD player! Yeah! YEAH! Let's get a CD player!! (excited
clatter)(voice comes to foreground) God?! GOD! HEY! HEY! Check it out: Dude!
We want a CD player. And some kill speakers. Oh, and a tuner, too. Mine's
blown. Oh, and hey! Dude, how about a graphic equalizer? OH! HEY! (secretively)
Can we get some buds? Like, maybe a few pounds? Indice? Kill green?
And how about a kilo of good meth crank. Yeah, YEAH. That'd be good. AND
a 10,000 hit bial of lsd-25? Sure! And a few kilos of opium. Oh, and some
hash! Just a few poinds of the black tar kind. Oh coke! We NEED coke.
Uhh . . . 25 tons oughta be enough. Dude. God. Do you think you could
get that for us?"
  "THIS IS OFFICER HAGGERDY OF THE D.E.A., WE'RE TRACING YOUR LINE . . ."
  "(dissapointed voice in the background) Dude! God's a NARC!"
  "(noise in background of radio station) Just do whatever you need to
to keep him on the line . . ."
  "HEY GOD!"
  "K-ZAP's Psychedelic Sunday . . ."
  "Uh, yeah, God? Yeah . . . OH!  I gotta song request . . . AWWWW! (voice
to background) It wasn't God, man.  It was the D.J.  Oh man, we're not
gonna get the CD.  HEY!  Maybe the K-ZAP dude will give us one!  (voice to
foregrount)  Hey!  K-ZAP DUDE!  I gotta quest . . ."
  "No."
  "OH WOW MAN!  I didn't know you had E.S.P. . . . Oh hey, do you take song
requests?"
  "Yeeeeeeessss . . ."
  "Cool.  I gotta song request . . ."
  "What can I ge tyou?  Some Floyd?  A little Dead?  Some Jimmi, perhaps?"
  "Naaw, man.  I wanna hear, 'Funky Cold Medina' by Ton-Loc."
  "D.E.A. voices in background) Almost got him!"
. . . . . . . S-L-A-M!!!
  [CLINK!]
  "Awwww, dude!  The K-Zap dude hung up on me!  Whadda asshole!  Shit, Hey!
Let's call up 93 Rock and ask for Madonna songs!  Sometimes they play 'em
Just so we'll leave 'em alone.  YEAH!  And after that, we'll call up the
public radio station and ask to hear Ozzy and Metallica!  Right on!  Shit,
it's gonna be hard to top that next Sunday.  I home them D.E.A. dudes didn't
get a trace.  That'd be a bitch.
  "Hey!  We'll call the C&W station and ask for some skinhead music.  They
get so pissed that hey call out this radio preacher to swear at us over
the airwaves.  Ha ha haha haahahahahahahahahaaa!"
Offender E477439's Lament
-------------------------
Dear Sir, outside it's windy and the rain is coming down,
And everywhere a wintry gloom has fallen on the town,
But here at number 8 the clouds are heavier I'm sure,
Because last night I rode upon the wrong side of the law.
I guess you see these letters come and go like autumn leaves,
Endearing supplications to be gathered into sheaves,
And sorted for the rubbish bin wherein the sergeants toss
Those letters from inebriates who think they're Sterling Moss.
But pause for just a moment, Sir, to read this turgid verse,
An endeavour to preserve the meagre contents of my purse.
For many years I held a licence classed both A and B,
And rode my old three-fifty twixt the mountains and the sea.
I lived amid the Hawarden hills where roads are laid with stone,
Where winter on a motorbike can chill you to the bone.
But then I moved to Southland about three years ago,
Where temperatures the whole year round are exceptionally low.
I left my bike in Hawarden in a shed of lucerne hay.
The hens perched on the handlebars by night, the owls by day.
And by and by as time rolled on the Southland lost its charm,
And I came back to Canterbury and visited the farm.
My bike was how I left it though of course it had acquired
A half a pound of guano and its licence had expired.
And now I have a new address, a garage of my own,
A place to store that motorbike until the kids have grown.
But how to get it down from there was causing me to frown,
It's many long and lonesome hours through Weka Pass to town.
I have a Morris Minor but I doubt if it could tow
A trailer full of motorbike for fifty miles or so.
I could strap it to a raft and float it down the Hurunui,
Then sail round to the Avon and upstream to Papanui.
With a brand-new registration and a licence it's a breeze,
But that consumeth money and it doesn't grow on trees.
For just one ride, one little ride, what chances could there be,
Of encountering an agent of the dreaded MoT?
I cleaned my full-face helmet visor carefully with meths,
Then worried lest you stop me and the smell was on my breath.
I donned my motley welding gloves and pulled my parka tight,
And prayed the looming clouds would not precipitate tonight.
Then while the shadows lengthened with the waning of the sun,
I crept out of Waikari on to Highway Number One.
And all the way the rain came down, a steady humid blight,
And all the way I feared to see those cars of black and white.
And all the way I watched the numbers running on the dial,
As each tar-sealed kilometre marked three-fifths of a mile.
From Waipara to Amberley I didn't stop to eat,
As water ran inside my boots and down around my feet.
From Woodend to the motorway I never paused in flight,
But hold the greying silhouette of Cashmere in my sight.
I passed above the Waimak which is presently infested,
With salmon on their westward run to waters less congested.
Perhaps, I thought, a salmon steak is waiting on the dish,
When I arrive at number 8 to dine upon smoked fish.
Then Belfast, Styx, and Redwood, and my home just up ahead,
And my mind began to fix on things like cheese and garlic bread.
Too late I saw the officers a-standing in a row,
Too late I saw the checkpoint and their torches all aglow.
Now Officer Healey saw me slip in by the kerb,
Behind a Commer van where I could park quite unobserved,
