badlands.  The rumor about the gold is somewhat false, there is
indeed a gold mine out there somewhere, but a supernatural
intelligence called Arpita started the rumors.  It uses the gold
to lure people into the badlands where it captures them an turns
them into his minions.  Currently Arpita has 10,000 minions. 90%
of his minions are located in the 
Badlands while the rest are scattered throughout North America,
one famous one is located in Lazlo where it sells trips into the
Badlands.  Right now Arpita is working in secrecy, it will not
try to do anything that might reveal itself to the outside world,
especially the Coalition.  Another danger, unknown to the rest of
the world that is in the Badlands is the Inuit.  The Inuits are
dead Indians who were buried on sacred ground and their graves
were disturbed.  They are doomed forever to eternal restlessness
never leaving this plane of existence.  Some of the Inuits take
their revenge on anyone who happens to come by, while
others try to help travelers avoid the Supernatural Intelligence,
the faerie folk, and other dangers.  Also their are some Inuits
who pretend that they are helping but in reality are leading them
to the Supernatural Intelligence.  Also unknown to the outside is
a group of ghosts who call themselves the Seventh Cavalry.  They
are lead by a general with long wavy blonde hair.  They roam the
Badlands forever patrolling, keeping out invaders (anyone inside
the badlands is viewed as a invader), and fighting any Inuit they
see.  The two groups of ghosts are mortal enemies.  They fight
each other on sight.  The Seventh Cavalry ride atop of black
horse that skin appears to be rotting away.  The Cavalry were
tattered blue uniforms with a blue duster.  They carry what looks
like Pre-Rift rifles and pistols.
Number of Faerie Folk
               70% common Faerie
               10% Brownie
                5% Bogies
                5% Night-elves
                5% Silver Bells
                5% Others
Carimine Forest
This Forest is a mysterious place.  It is said that gigantic
insects run amuck in this place.  Even though these rumors are
widespread, there is no actual evidence of this.  The forest is
not dangerous in fact it is relatively peaceful.  The forest is
almost totally void of supernatural monsters and D-bee's.  The
forest is sparsely populated by humans though, due to the near
impossibility of farming in the forest have kept their numbers
down too.  For some strange reason the trees in the forest are
mega-damage creatures.  It is very expensive to cut the trees
down and to make them into useful lumber.
*Truth about Carimine Forest*
The reason why their is an absence of supernatural life in the
forest is because of the presence of the Xiticix in the town of
Xaxxle.  They have successfully managed to drive out most
creatures.  The reasons why the trees are mega-damage is unknown. 
Some say that a Millennium Tree grows somewhere inside the
forest, and it has affect its neighboring trees.  This reason is
doubtful though, due to the lack of ley lines in the area. 
Others say that these trees aren't regular trees but instead are
similar trees that originated from a similar dimension. 
Oak-450 M.D. Main Body   A branch is
Pine-300 M.D. Main Body  about 10 M.D.
Spruce-280 M.D. Main Body     for all trees
If the tree is cut down it loses its mega-damage properties, and
it becomes regular wood (S.D.C.).
River Plains 
This area is the cradle of civilization in North Dakota.  It is
here that McCoyville and Bismark rose from the ashes to become
major players in North Dakota.  The plains are the surrounding
area around North Dakota's major river known simply as "The
River".  This area is very fertile due to the seasonal rains and
flooding, the area is home to 75% of the former states
agriculture.  It is here where you will most often encounter an
Agriculturist going about doing his business.  The plains consist
of both humanity and D-bee's.
North Dakota Average Temperature
          Badlands  River Plains       Carimine   degrees
Fahrenheit
January        4                22                2 
April               45               60                58
June          104               75                80
September      93               64                60                   
December       10               28                24
North Dakota Average Precipitation      
          Badlands  River Plains        Carimine     inches
January         3                5                          5
April                2                10                 6
June            1                8           12
September       .5               4                             
December        2                5            7
North Dakota Major Cities
Population of all of North Dakota-
     2.3 million Humans
     750,000 Elves
     75,000 Gromek
     1.2 million Others
Major Cities Population-
     Bismark-400,000 Humans, 300,000 Elves, 40,000 D-bees
     Guardian-50,000 Humans, and 5,000 Dog-boys and Psi-Stalkers
     McCoyville-10,000 Humans, 1,000 Elves, 500 Gromek, and 5,000
D-Bees
     Lazarus-20,000 Humans, 1,000 Elves, 8,000 Gromek, and
100,000 D-bees
Descriptions
Bismark-This city is actually located 50 miles northeast of the
original city.  This city is a haven for humans and D-bees alike. 
The town is run by a group of elected officials called the
Council, which is voted in every 3 years.  The biggest building
in the town is 10 stories high.  Technology level is early 21st
Century.  While communication is good inside the town it is
virtually impossible to send a message to someone outside of town
without having to deliver it yourself, or use magic.  The people
of Bismark work hard to keep their city in good shape. 
Vandalizing carries a stiff fine with a possible two years in
prison.  Their main trading partner is Lazarus.  Bismark trades
medicine, foodstuff, and raw materials to Lazarus, in return
Lazarus gives weapons, armor, and ammunition.  These two cities
have had a trade agreement for the last 10 years.  Bismark
specializes in medicine, on almost any block you will find some
sort of medical treatment area.  While they can perform
cybernetic and bionic surgery, they don't do it often.  It is
frowned upon by the citizens, they prefer to remain natural and
unaltered if they can help it.  The citizens are
unaware that the reason for their safety is McCoyville located
200 miles north of Bismark.  When traveling through Bismark you
will find many varieties of shops and restaurants, but their are
virtually no magic shops located in Bismark you will have to look
hard and long to find one and when you do find one it will be
small with inexpensive trinkets.  Located in Bismark is a poor
section that is kept hidden to most people, in it contains almost
anything money can buy.  Gangs rule the area with little or no
police force to protect the people.  
Guardian-This is a Coalition base put their after an assault on
McCoyville.  While they think that McCoyville has been destroyed,
if they were ever to find out that it still exists they would
send millions of troops into North Dakota to annihilate the town
once and for all.  Most Coalition soldiers view Guardian as a
punishment due to the relative lack of any action compared to
other bases.  Indeed their have been no major skirmishes since
the Battle of McCoyville 8 years ago.  Emperor Prosek does have
many plans to conquer North Dakota, he views that it is easier to
attack the Xiticix from two fronts instead of one.  But right now
other matters currently occupies the military's time and men.  
Lazarus-This little town is extremely militaristic.  It cannot
support itself, it must trade with neighboring towns for
supplies.  The Gromek are the ruling class of Lazarus.  The other
races are subservient to the Gromek, including humans.  The
reason for this is that with the Coalition so close, D-bees and
humans need security so they are willing to be ruled by the
Gromek so that they will be safe.  The Gromek have plans of
attacking the Guardian outpost, but for now they are still
preparing for this.  Unfortunately the Gromek underestimate the
power of the Coalition.  The Guardian outpost could easily crush
Lazarus if they wanted to, but currently their orders tell them
to stay put.
McCoyville-Once this town was a prosperous city with over a
million inhabitants.  The city was run by a body-fixer named Jim
McCoy.  At the time McCoy was unaware of the evils of the
Coalition.  McCoy entered into a trade agreement with Chi-Town. 
McCoy gave them medicine an advanced electronic equipment.  The
Coalition wanted more and more at lower prices, when McCoy tried
to break off the trade agreement, Prosek threatened to attack
McCoyville.  McCoy was forced to keep the trade agreement.  All
was well for awhile, but something went wrong.  Somebody tried to
kill Prosek, they wrongly accused McCoy of sponsoring the attack. 
They declared war on McCoy.  The Coalition sent two armored
divisions to annihilate McCoyville.  McCoy and the townspeople
fought bravely, and were keeping the Coalition from taking over
the city.  McCoy knew that the Coalition would never give up, and
that his own supplies were dwindling. The citizens slowly
retreated to the center of the town where McCoy's main factory
was.  The Coalition had 
them pinned down inside the factory, soon they would have to
surrender, victory was theirs.  The first indication that
something was wrong was when a huge power laser beam 300ft in
diameter shot toward the sky, vaporizing anything in its path. 
This action confused the Coalitions commander, for they could not
understand why McCoy didn't aim it at them.  About 20 minutes
later the citizens inside the factory stopped firing.  The
Coalition commander ordered the invasion of the factory to
commence.  That is when all hell broke loose, the factory
exploded taking most of the Coalition troops and town with it. 
When reinforcements arrived there were only 20 soldiers left
alive, and all of them badly injured.  There were no signs of the
citizens anywhere to be found.  Coalition scientists found the
area to be bathed in high level radiation and stated that the
inhabitants if any left could not possibly survive for very long. 
Unknown to the Coalition was that for the last 25 years McCoy and
his brothers had been building a space station.  On the last day
of the attack the station was capable of supporting life.  It
took all the nuclear power they had but they were able to fire
the huge super laser into space to clear away a path through the
debris and satellites.  Using modified Behemoths with booster
rockets, McCoy was able to launch his citizens into space. 
McCoys brother who is a Shifter was able to open a rift that
opened into the station, which allowed even more people to get to
the station.  When all of the citizens were out of the factory
McCoy ignited the salvaged nuclear bombs that McCoy found in an
old ruined town called Omaha.  The nuclear blast took out the
upper levels of the factory, and most of the town.  What the
Coalition didn't know was that the majority of the factory was
located deep underground, it was able to escape the blast
relatively unharmed.  McCoy returned to Earth and repaired the
damage to the lower levels and reopened the factory.  This time
though, it was to be used to finish the space station.  To this
day the only people that live in McCoyville are located deep
underground, and are only there to work in the factory.  Recently
in the last year McCoy began to reassert himself in North Dakota. 
He quietly started to sell weapons and equipment to towns and
small
cities that had enough money.  McCoy does not plan on relocating
back on Earth, the space station is his permanent home.
Minor Cities in North Dakota
Town population-
Minot-2,000 humans and 200 D-bees
Ft. Yates-4,000 humans and 1,000 D-bees
Arena-3,000 D-bees, 100 humans, and 250 Gromek
New Town-1,000 humans and 600 d-bees
Xaxxle-500 Xiticix
Fariton-600 humans and 300 D-bees?
Descriptions
Minot-This city survived the Rifts relatively intact, only to be
destroyed by roving band of D-bees.  Some former inhabitants
decide to stay and rebuild their city.  Minot is a farming town,
they trade their crops for weapons from Lazarus.  Minotens are
weary of strangers, they distrust any D-bee, and will run them
out of town.  The only d-bees in town are slaves who work in the
fields.  Any d-bee who is captured or commits a crime (it is very
easy for a d-bee to commit a crime in this town), will be sent to
the fields to work for life.  These people are not evil, they are
just scared they will lose their homes again.  They feel this is
the only way to survive. Ft. Yates-This city also survived intact
during the Rifts.  This city is an aging military power in North
Dakota.  Right after the Rifts and about 150 years
afterwards Ft. Yates controlled all of North Dakota.  But they
were slow in developing new technology, and passed in the arms
race.  Their empire slowly started to crumble until all they
controlled was their own city.  The citizens still view
themselves as the rulers of North Dakota.  Their military
contains mostly upgraded B-52's and aged Glitter Boys(60% of
armor gone).  The city is also crumbling due to the years of
neglect an infighting.  The town is ruled by the Council of
Generals who is lead by the Grand Marshal.  80% of the government
officials are corrupt.  When the Council makes laws they apply to
all of North
Dakota even though the rest of North Dakota might not be aware of
this.  Ft. Yates still has roving police still wandering the land
handing out punishment and fines to all lawbreakers.
Arena-This town started out a small outpost for the Gromek, but
soon other D-bee's found out about the outpost and fled there,
hoping to find security.  The Gromek don't mind these people as
long as they pay taxes, in return they protect the D-bees from
outside dangers.  The town is totally without any laws.  It is
survival of the fittest inside this town.  As long as they don't
bother the Gromek they can do whatever they want.  The only
humans in this town are slaves to the d-bees.  Their is no
organization in the planning of the town.  Wherever you want to
build you can, in fact you will see houses on top of older
houses in some crowded areas.  Even the houses don't look
similar, each one is different and varied depending on the
persons race.  
New Town-This town was first settled by Ft. Yates back in the
height of its power.  Since then though they have grown fiercely
independent.  They work hard to be totally independent of
everyone else.  If asked to join any group or federation of
cities they will not accept under any condition.  Even if faced
with certain death if they don't join, they would still do it
alone.  The town is largely an agriculture society not much in
the way of industry or trade.  The weapons they use are handed
down from father to son to son and so on.  It is not uncommon for
a person to use a 200 year old laser rifle.  
Xaxxle-This is the farthest west Xiticix has ever been. 
Currently no other city is aware of the Xiticix.  If allowed to
get a foothold in North Dakota, they might never be able to get
them out.  Luckily the colony is pretty small and does not
contain a queen yet.  The Xiticix will try to keep their location
secret for as long as they can, meaning no prisoners whatsoever
not even as slaves.
Fariton-Their is a huge energy dome surrounding the entire town
and surrounding fields.  This dome is bluish clear, and can take
up to 2,000 M.D. and can regenerate at 1D6*10 M.D.C. a round. 
Somehow the inhabitants can get out of the dome without shutting
it off the dome.  No outsider has ever been able to get inside
the dome, or if they had they've never came out to talk about it. 
No one knows for sure who inhabits the town, most people think
humans live inside the dome, along with a few d-bees.
Arms and Equipment
Note:  The following prices are North Dakota price, that is if
you want to buy a rifle in North Dakota use the listed price, but
if you are outside of North Dakota the price will be doubled to
quadrupled.
The following McCoy Ind. weapons fall under different
classifications, and they are as follows:            # then
letters-Means it is a rifle and the letter is the version
          Letter than #-It is a pistol and the # is version
          Letter, #, letter-It is a specialty weapon
          MC-this is a special interest weapon or novelty weapon
          HP-Weapon built for giants, robots, and Power Armors
          
25a Laser Rifle
This was McCoy Ind. first attempt at a rifle.  Rather big and
bulky and a little outdated.  But its reliability and payload
help make up for it.
Weight: 25lbs
Mega-Damage: 4D6
Rate of Fire: Same as attacks, can only fire one round at a time
Payload: 20 shot E-clip
Range: 1,000 feet
Cost: 2,000 credits
A1 Laser Pistol
This was there first attempt at an energy pistol, it too is a
little outdated.
Weight: 10lbs
Mega-Damage: 2D4
Rate of Fire: Same as Attacks
Payload: 6 shot E-clip
Cost: 5,000 credits
25b Laser Rifle
This is an updated version of the old rifle.  Lighter, smaller,
better, damage, and firing rate made this one of there biggest
seller.
Weight: 20lbs
Mega-Damage: 4D6+6
Rate of Fire: Standard
Range: 2,000 feet
Cost: 3,000 credits
30a Laser Rifle
This is a pirated version of the Wilk's 457
Weight: 9lbs
Mega-Damage: 8D6
Rate of Fire: Standard
Range: 2,000 feet
Cost: 8,000 credits
B2 Laser Pistol
This pistol was an embarrassment for McCoy Ind.  It came out the
same year as the Triax pump pistol.  It was expected to be a big
seller for McCoy Ind.  A million were made in anticipation but it
was a flop.  You will still see them around because they are so
cheap to buy.
Weight: 9lbs
Mega-Damage: 2D6
Rate of Fire: Same as Attacks
Range: 800 feet
Payload: 8 shot E-clip
Cost: 200 credits
M1A Plasma Shell
This rifle is more like a grenade launcher.  If fires canisters
of plasma exploding on impact.
Weight: 23lbs fully loaded
Mega-Damage: 6D6+3  Blast radius is 5 feet
Rate of Fire: Can fire two in one attack
Payload: 8 canisters
Range: 500 feet
Cost: 9,000 credits
200a Laser Rifle 
This is a major advancement for McCoy Ind.  The technology used
to make this is 5 years ahead of the rest.  Rumor has it it was
developed by a huge computer in Washington, or from an unknown
space station.
Weight: 7lbs
Mega-Damage: 1D8*10
Rate of Fire: Standard
Range: 8,000 feet, +2 to strike
Payload: 40 shot E-clip
Cost: 25,000 credits
C1 Pulse Pistol
This pistol was made in response to the people of North Dakota's
rising concerns of the Coalitions increasing military actions in
North Dakota.  The main advantages is it is cheap and reliable.
Weight: 6lbs
Mega-Damage: 3D6
Rate of Fire: Standard
Range: 900 feet
Payload: 12 shot E-clip
Cost: 950 credits
C5 Pulse Pistol
After many modifications an upgrades this is the best "C" version
pistol available.  Slightly more expensive than the rest though.
Weight: 5lbs
Mega-Damage: 4D6+2
Rate of Fire: Standard
Range: 1,200 feet
Payload: 10 shot E-clip
Cost: 1,100 credits
100a Laser Rifle
This rifle was made after the 200a came out.  It does not take
advantage of the advanced technology.
Weight: 18lbs
Mega-Damage: 5D6
Rate of Fire: Standard
Range: 2,300 feet
Payload: 20 shot E-clip
Cost: 9,000 credits
MC-1 "Pacifier"
This was made in an attempt to disable enemies peacefully.  It
fires sonic waves in the attempt to knock opponent unconscious. 
Only problem is that sound filters negate this weapon.
Weight: 12lbs
Damage: Victim roll vs. coma/death if fails they are knocked
unconscious for 1D4 melees, if they pass they only receive -3 to
parry, dodge, strike, and int.
Rate of Fire: Same as attacks
Range: 200 feet
Payload: 10 shot that has to recharge once used for 2 rounds
Cost: 2,000 credits
HP-1 Gatling Gun
This gun is meant for robots, PA, and planes.  It works the same
way as the Pre-Rifts version does.
Weight: 200 lbs
Mega-Damage: 1D6*10 a blast of 20 rounds.  Each slug does 1D6
M.D.  There is a 10% chance that a slug will penetrate armor.
Rate of Fire: Bursts of 20 rounds per attack
Range: 3,000 feet
Payload: 300 rounds
Cost: 20,000 credits
HP-1 Laser Rifle
This is basically a normal rifle only enlarged
Weight: 75lbs
Mega-Damage: 1D4*10+5
Rate of Fire: Standard
Range: 2,000 feet
Payload: 50 shot E-clip
Cost: 15,000 credits
M2A Anti-Air
This is like a rocket launcher.  The weapon can shoot down planes
at high altitudes with effective accuracy due to its advanced
targeting system.
Weight: 25lbs
Mega-Damage: 2D6*10+10
Rate of Fire: 1 every two attacks
Range: 35,000 feet,  +3 to strike
Payload: 1,  the missile is an advanced mini-missile made only by
McCoy Ind.  Can fire normal mini-missile but range and damage is
normal.
Cost: 15,000 credits
Missile Cost: 800 credits per missile
MC-2 "Bugger"
This weapon was developed when an insect were plaguing North
Dakota, causing widespread famine and disease.  It was found that
all insects share a common gene.  McCoy Ind. developed a mist
that mutates this gene killing the insect in the process.
Weight: 15lbs
Damage: None, if human is shot without armor it will irritate the
skin causing a
rash.  Mist Radius-20 feet
Rate of Fire: Standard
Range: 75 feet
Payload: 10 canisters 
Cost: 6,000 credits
NOTE: While it is known to kill insects, it is not known what
effect this would have on insectoid D-bees like the Xiticix.
M2A "Plopper"
This is a grenade launcher shotgun.  It fires special made
grenades made by McCoy Ind.  It got its nickname from the sound
it makes when fired.  
Weight: 12lbs
Mega-Damage: 4D6 for Frag grenade 5ft. radius or 6D6 for plasma
grenade 3ft. rad
Rate of Fire: Same as attacks
Range: 400 feet
Payload: Single load or a speed loader-3 shot
Cost: 10,000 credits
Speed loader cost 3,000 credits and grenades cost 300 credits
MC-3 "Splasher"
This is not a gun but instead a specially made bullet.  The
bullet is hollowed out and then filled with water.  On impact the
casing shatters releasing the water.  The advantages of this is
better range and velocity than a squirt gun, and can be used in
S.D.C. automatic weapons.  The disadvantage is if it is hot
outside the water will evaporate.  Works best in automatic
weapons one bullet will not kill a Vampire, it will just make it
madder.
Weight: 8 ounces
Damage to Vampires: 2D6 hit points per bullet
S.D.C. Damage: Varies.  Bullets come in various sizes to fit
different guns.
Cost: 20 credits per bullet or 100 credits per clip of 15 or 800
credits for a belt of 500 rounds
D2 Pulse Pistol
This pistol is basically a "C" version pistol except it takes
advantage of  McCoy Ind.  advanced technology.
Weight: 3lbs
Mega-Damage: 7D6+6
Rate of Fire: Standard
Range: 1,200 feet  +2 to strike
Payload: 15 shot E-clip
Cost: 20,000 credits
MC-4 Jave
This is a vibrospear.  Main advantages is it is quieter than a
gun an in skilled hands can be thrown with great accuracy.
Weight: 7lbs
Mega-Damage: 3D6+2
Range: When thrown 300 feet.  Spear is 6ft. long.  If PC has W.P.
spear is +2 to strike.
Cost: 2,000 credits
MC-5 Laser Scalpel
This laser scalpel is the size of a pen.  It has many varying
settings below one S.D.C., but with a push of a small button the
laser scalpel flares up to an M.D.C. laser knife.  At this
setting the energy cell can last for 2 attacks before it dies
out.  This weapon is good for assassins or espionage agents. The
knife setting does 4D6 M.D.
Maximum Range for all settings is 6 inches
HP-3 "Rail Splitter"
This is McCoy Ind. only attempt at a rail gun to date.
Weight: 250lbs
Mega-Damage: burst of 50 rounds does 1D6*10, one round does 1D4
M.D.
Range: 4,250 feet
Payload: 400 round drum
Cost: 50,000 credits
HP-4 "Flechette"
The flechette is a dart that planes release at high altitude,
these darts can actually teat a man apart.  They were used in WWI
for awhile, now in Rifts time McCoy Ind. has brought them back
but with a new twist, they now are vibrodarts.  The darts are
housed in an 8' by 4' box holding 200 darts that effect a 1,000
square feet.  These can be used instead of bombs.
Weight: 12 ounces per dart
Mega-Damage: 1D6 each dart.  Roll a d20 and that is how many hit
you.  Only way to dodge is to get out of the area before they hit
the ground.  The darts are to small to be shot at with accuracy,
shooting wild may hit a couple though.
Payload: 200 darts per casing
Cost: 5,000 credits per casing
HP-5 Cluster Missile
This is a good anti-infantry weapon, also it is good against
armored vehicles, grounded planes, runways, and infrastructure. 
The missile is unguided it cannot dodge or make turns.  As it is
flying by it discharges disc shaped grenades.  It can be used by
anything that can fire short range missiles.  Mega-Damage: 1D4
M.D. per disc, will do 3D4*10 to a 50ft. radius, the missile does
have a warhead that does 1D4*10 M.D. to a 20ft. radius once all
the discs have been ejected the warhead will explode sending
shrapnel hurtling to the
ground.  Total blast diameter is 400 feet.
M.D.C.: 5
Range: 500 feet
Cost: 1,000 credits per missile
MC-6 "Boomer"
This actually a vibroboomerang.  This can be deadly in the hands
of a expert, it can also be deadly to a untrained thrower.
Weight: 2lbs
Mega-Damage: 3D6
Range: 300 feet
Cost: 1,000 credits
If have W.P. Boomerang than have +2 to strike
MC-7 Cane Gun
This gun is popular with old people, it gives them security at
all times.  Also assassins and espionage agents favor this gun
too.  The gun is lightweight with the outside made of wood, the
barrel located inside the cane is made of a light plastic
compound.  The rounds and firing mechanism is located in the
handle.  To reload you simply take the handle off and replace it
with another handle.  The cane is custom made to the size of the
owner.
Weight: 5lbs
Mega-Damage: 1D6 per bullet
Rate of Fire: Same as attacks
Range: 100 feet
Payload: 5 bullets
Cost: 12,000 credits
MC-8 Vibropick
This vibroblade is not meant to be a weapon.  It is thinner than
a toothpick and about the same length.  It is used to slice locks
off doors, vaults, and so on.  
Mega-Damage: 1D4
Cost: 2,000 credits
ARMOR
McCoy Ind. armors names are based on the old state names.  As of
now there are 20 different types of body armor.  The following
are the most popular selections All armor is full environmental
suits and comes with everything listed in the Rifts RPG under the
armor section
The Illinois
This is the best protection McCoy Ind. has to offer.  The armor
is lightweight using secret metal technology.  It also takes
advantage of an exoskeleton that lightens the weight the user has
to endure.
M.D.C.: 80
Weight user feels: 10lbs
Excellent Mobility-No penalties, also PC can lift 1.5 times their
PS and can run two times longer than normal.
Cost: 50,000 credits
Weapon Systems
1. Mini-Missile Launcher-There is a mini missile placed on each
side of the helmet.  While  
    this may be a little scary for a user it serves two purposes.
         1. It allows your head to aim and guide the missile kind
of like a TOW missile but   
             without the cable.  +2 to strike
         2. If character is hit in the head which will probably
result in death, the missiles will   
             explode, destroying the armor.  Thus not allowing
others to study the Armor.  Can    
             use any missile type.
The Rhode Island
This is a lightly armored inexpensive model.  It has two
searchlights mounted on the helmet instead of missiles.
M.D.C.: 40
Weight: 12lbs
Good Mobility: -5% to prowl
Cost: 20,000 credits
The Texas
This armor looks slightly like a bull.  It has what looks like to
be two 2 foot tall horns jutting out of the helmet.  In actuality
these horns are sensor antennas.  This armor comes with radar,
infrared and ultraviolet optics, and thermo-imaging.  It also has
a radio.  You can use all these features through a HUD put
located in the visor.  The antennas have 100 M.D.C. each
M.D.C.: 50
Weight: 18lbs
Poor Mobility: -15% to prowl
Cost: 28,000 credits
The Arkansas
This armor is a close second to the Illinois in protection. 
instead of missiles though it has two head mounted laser, 2D6
M.D. each.  +2 to strike.
M.D.C.: 70
Weight: 18lbs
Excellent Mobility: -2% to prowl
Cost: 45,000 credits
It also has a retractable vibroclaw located in the right arm.
The Florida
This is a medium armored suit. It can be used in space, on land,
or in the water thanks largely to the tiny strategically placed
thrusters.  In space it can fly at 45 mph, in water 15 mph, and
on land it doubles your speed, and you can run twice as far.  The
thrusters are powered by a nuclear battery located in the lower
back area.  The only problem is that the thrusters have to be
cleaned at least once a week or the thrusters get clogged causing
a malfunction.  There is a 1-10% per week that the thrusters will
explode causing 1D6 M.D. to the occupant if the thrusters are not
cleaned.  If it doesn't explode than it just doesn't function
till cleaned.
M.D.C.: 55
Weight: 19lbs
Excellent Mobility: No penalties
Cost: 35,000 credits
The Michigan
This armor is probably the most heavily armed armor McCoy Ind.
has to offer.  The only drawback is that to keep the weight down
they had to sacrifice armor.  They even put an exoskeleton to
lighten the load (no bonuses).  But don't underestimate this
armor, it may be small but it packs a punch.
M.D.C.: 35
Weight user feels: 40lbs
Poor Mobility: -15% to prowl
Cost: 60,000 credits
Weapon Systems
1.  Mini-Missiles: same as the Illinois
2.  Retractable vibroclaws on each arm
3.  High-intensity laser: This is located on top of the helmet,
3D6 M.D.     Range: 600 feet
4.  Grenade Launcher: Located on the sidearm of the right arm. 
Holds 6 grenades 5D6   
     M.D. Range: 500 feet
Equipment
McCoy Ind. makes a wide variety of equipment that you can find in
the Rifts RPG.  Along with those items they also make these
items:
Flying Video Camera
Camera is placed in an aerodynamically shaped container that
resemble a very small helicopter(1 foot long).  The camera can
record for three hours, or it can relay what it sees instantly
back to the operator who has to be within 100 miles If camera is
in record mode it can fly 500 miles away and still return to
user.  One of the advantages of the relay mode is that the user
can fly the camera himself, changing courses whenever he wants. 
In record mode it follows set directions loaded in before
takeoff.  This camera comes with a joystick and Foot Pedals.
Maximum Speed: 120 mph
5 year nuclear battery
Cost: 10,000 credits
Lazer Bather
This is an energy field that is no bigger than a door.  You walk
through the field and it cleans you.  The scientific explanation
is this: The field comes within a millionth of an inch of your
skin, vaporizing anything it passes (even clothes if you forget
to take them off).   The Lazer Bather comes with special caps to
wear to protect your hair.  The only problem is that fiendish
assassins have been known to tamper with the Bather, and when
someone walks through they are vaporized.  They also use it has a
trap due to the almost invisible 
appearance of the field(1-10% chance of detecting in full light,
or 1-40% chance of detecting in the dark.  The Bather is usually
installed in the bathroom.  
Cost: 20,000 credits
NOTE: Doctors like to use these to sterilize themselves in an
instant.
Papersuits
These suits are made of tough paper fibers.  The suits are made
for those PC's who are constantly in armor or power armor.  It is
not big and bulky, it is quick to get into an you don't have to
worry about what to wear (nobody is going to notice what you wear
when you are inside armor).  The suit is not recommended for
daily wear, for after all it is still paper, it also is
unattractive.  The suits are a one piece suit that comes in many
different colors.
Cost: pack of 20 is 200 credits
Lancer Plane
Name: McCoy Enterprises Lancer PF-1a
Crew: 2(pilot and a gunner)both are Lancer pilots
Passengers: none
Cargo: only a small area where can store vital equipment(guns so
forth).
Wingspan: 80 feet
Length: 60 feet
Speed:  Mach 2.3 is maximum speed, while Mach 1.2 is cruising
speed
Engines: Nuclear engine with life expectancy 5 years with
continous being at 1 year.
Range: Indefinetly, but usually no longer 20 hours in the sky. 
The pilot will probably    
 become to tired after to safely pilot the plane.
Altitude: Outer Atmospere
Pilot Positions:  The gunner sits right behind the nose, while
the pilot is in the middle of plane.
M.D.C. BY LOCATION
GUNNERY COCKPIT-50
PILOT COCKPIT-75
WING(1)-300
MAIN ENGINES(4)-60 EACH
SECONDARY ENGINES(5)-35 EACH
FINS(4 TWO ON WING AND TWO ON MAIN BODY)-30 EACH
MAIN BODY-500
SENSORS-45
MAIN GUN-50
MISSILE PODS(4)-20 EACH
BOMB PODS(4)-5 EACH
LANDING GEAR-10
WEAPON SYSTEMS:
1. Missile Pods(optional)-The fighter can install missile pods on
special missions or if   
    wanting extra firepower.  Each pod can hold 16 mini-missiles,
or 6 short range, or 2   
    medium range, or the entire plane can hold 2 long range
missiles.
2. Bomb Pods(optional)-These can be on at the same time as the
missile pods.  You can   
    use these for high altitude bombing or if you don't need
precision bombing.  Each pod   
    holds 4 bombs that are released all that the same time. 
    Bomb choices are:
               Conventional-1D4*10 each 20ft radius
               Napalm-1D4*10 each 30ft radius
               *Experimental-1D6*10+10 each 25ft radius*
               Cluster-1D4*10 each 50ft radius
               Nuclear-2D6*10 each 100ft radius can only hold one
for each pod
*Experimental bombs have not been fully tested so consquently
there are still a few  problems.  If doing a complicated manuever
or flying at high altitude roll a D20 and on a roll of 20 the
bombs all ignite, do damage accordingly.  When dropping the bombs
roll a D10 and on a roll of 0, 1D4 bombs are a dud.  Roll this
for each pod.
3. Mini-missile Launchers(3)-these are enternally placed
launchers. 2 are on the wing and 1 is placed directly beneath the
cockpit.  Pick three mini-missiles of choice.
4. High Intensity Lasers(2)-These are placed on the nose they can
only fire directly ahead.      
    The pilot has control of these guns.     
     1D4*10 each burst
     Range-3,000ft.
     Ammo-2000 shots total a burs contains 30 shots.
     If a pilot has enough skill(rank of Sergeant than he is
capable of firing any amount of  
     rounds from 1 to 30 in an attack.  each roud is 1D4 M.D.
5. Gatling Gun-This is an updated version of the old gun.  This
placed internally    
     underneath the gun. cockpit.  It can only fire directly
ahead.  Pilot has control of this   
     gun.
     6D6 per single shot
     2D6*10 per burst of 10 shots
     Ammo-1,000 rounds
     Range-3,500ft
6. Foil Flares-These are ejected out the back in order to confuse
radars and missiles.  Total   
    of 30 flares on board. If releasing 1 flare there is a 25%
chance.  
                2 flares-35%
         3 flares-50%
         4 flares-60%
         5 flares-75%
         6 flares-85%
         7 flares-98%
   The flares stay effective for 1D4 rounds before they disperse
7. Sensor System Note:
   1. ThermoImager
   2. Enhanced Radar
   3. Infrared and Ultraviolet optics
   4. Advanced targeting system
HTH Combat-Not possible
Special Bonus-+1 to dodge at cruising speed
           +2 to dodge past Mach 1.5
McCoy RJ-2 Power Armor
This armor is very simple in design, it was one of McCoy's first
attempts.  The RJ-2 major advantages is that it is light and
fast, but it had to sacrifice armaments and armor to achieve
this.  Its major purpose was recon and espionage, it is quiet and
efficient.  The wings extend outwards from the engine, when not
in flight mode the wings slide back into the engine like a phone
antennae.  The wings can open out in one attack, and pilot can
fly during the same attack.  The choice of colors are blue,
black, and red.
Model Type: RJ-2
Class: Light Reconnaissance and Espionage
Crew: One, can seat no passengers.
M.D.C. By Location
     Concealed Mini-Missile Launcher (1; back)-15
     Arms-30
     Legs-60
     Head-9
     Hands (2)-5 each
     Rear Jets-85
     Wings (2)-40
     Optics and Sensor Pod (head)-12
     Main Body-100
Speed
Runninng: Can run up to speeds of 70 mph, pilot usually last
double his PE.
Flying: Can fly at speeds up to 300 mph, range is about 70 miles
before pilot has to let the engine cool for one hour.  Maximum
altitude is 700 feet.
Statistical Data
Height: 8 feet
Width: 4 feet
Weight: 1 tons 
Physical Strength: Equal to a PS 35
Cargo: can only carry his personal possessions.
Power Source: Nuclear, average energy life five years.
Black Market Source: 2 millions
Weapon Systems
1. Rear Mini-Missile Launcher (1): Concealed on the top of the
engine is three mini-missiles of choice.  The pilot can fire one,
two, or three missiles at a time.  The pilot gets no bonuses to
strike though.  Pilot can fire in a 90 degree arc.
2. Can carry any hand held weapon.  Usually equipped with the
200a.
3. Hand to Hand Combat: Rather than use a weapon. the pilot can
engage in mega-damage hand to hand combat.  The armors fully
articulare hands can strike just like a human punch.
Bonuses & Damage from RJ-2 Combat Training:
Restrained Punch-1D6*10 S.D.C.
Full Strength Punch-2D6 M.D.
Power Punch-4D6 M.D. (counts as two attacks)
Crush with Hands-1D6 M.D.
Kick-3D6 M.D.
Leap Kick-5D6 M.D.
Body Flip/Throw-1D4 M.D.
Body Block/Ram-1D8 M.D.
+2 to strike
+4 to parry and dodge
+2 to roll with impact
+2 to pull punch
Three attacks per melee in addition to the pilots attacks.
5. Sensor System Note: The RJ-2 has full optical systems
including laser targeting, telescopic, passive nightvision,
thermo-imaging, infrared, ultraviolet, and polarization.  Plus
all features common to power armor.
Sensor bonuses: +2 to strike and plus +2 to dodge.
Coalition MX-34 Raider
The Coalition built this power armor after their disastoruous
victory at McCoyville.  The raider is small for a power armor,
but that is an advantage for this armor was built for urban
combat.  This armor easily walk down streets and alleys.  Also
the power armor can work effectively inside regular buildings, so
the Coalition uses this armor for security also inside the
Guarduan base.  The armor only has three fixed weapons, there are
areas where you can put other weapons on for a short period of
time.  
Model Type: MX-34
Class: Light Combat and Security
Crew: One, can seat no passengers
M.D.C. by Location
     Mini-Missile Launcher (1; right shoulder)-10
     Forearm Laser (1; left arm)-15
     Concealed Vibrosword(1; right arm)-10
     Arms(2)-30
     Hands(2; fully articulate)-8
     Legs(2)-65
     Head-15
     Optics(head)-10
     Booster Jet(optional; back)-50
     Main Body-120
Speed
Running: Without booster pack can run 35 mph for over three hours
before it has to cool down.  If the booster jet is attached then
armor can run 80 mph. but for only two hours before it has to
cool off.  In both cases cool off time is 45 minutes, if you
don't cool off the engine then it will overheat and explode 20
minutes later causing 1D6*10 M.D.
Flying: Not possible without booster jet.  With the booster jet
the armor has a limited flight capability.  It can fly at 100 mph
with a range of 500 feet before it touches ground again, it must
leap off the ground each to continue flight.  Armor can keep up
this flight for three hours.
Statistical Data
Height: 7 feet
Width: 3 feet
Weight: 1,200 pounds
Physical Strength: Equal to a PS 35
Cargo: Can only can carry pilots personal possessions
Power Source: Nuclear, average lifespan two years
Black Market Cost: 1 million credits, extremely hard to find. 
Most MX-34 are stationed at Guardian.
Weapon Systems
1. Mini-Missile Launcher-Can hold up to eight mini-missiles of
choice.  Can fire up to three at a time.
2. Forearm Laser-This is an experimental Coalition design that
has not been thoroughly tested yet.  So their is a 10% chance of
failure in which case the laser blows up causing 1D4*10 M.D. to a
5 feet area.
Range: 1,000 feet
Mega-Damage: 1D4*10 per shot, or 2D6*10 per multiple burst of
five.  Both count as one attack.
Payload: E-clip of 50 shots
3. Concealed Vibrosword: This is located in the right arm, it is
triggered by a push of a button located in the right hand of the
armor.
Mega-Damage-5D6
4. The armor has three additional hard points on which you can
place weapons of virtually any type and design.  The only
drawback is that you will have to sacrifice speed to do this.
5. Also the armor can operate any hand held weapons of choice.
6. Hand to Hand Combat
+1 to strike
+4 to dodge and parry
+5 to dodge in flight
+1 to roll with impact
+2 to pull punch
Restrained Punch-8D6 S.D.C.
Punch-1D6 M.D.
Power punch-2D6 M.D. counts as two attacks
Kick-2D6 M.D.
Leap Kick-4D6 M.D.
Ram-2D6 M.D.
Flip/Throw-2D6 M.D.
5. Sensor Systems Note: The same as the RJ-2
McCoy JM-90 Shiva
This power armor takes advantage of the futuristic technology
that McCoy possess.
It is light and fast with heavy armament and armor.  This is his
most versatile design yet. 
Shiva means destroyer in the Indian language.
Model Type: JM-90
Class: Multi-Purpose weapon
Crew: One, cannot hold passengers
M.D.C. by location
     Concealed Mini-missile launcher(2; in both legs)-50
     Power Laser(left shoulder)-75
     Particle Beam(1; In palm of right hand)-10
     Head Lasers(4)-5 each
     Head lights(2)-2 each
     Optics(back)-50
     Arms(2)-75
     Hands(2)-50
     Legs(2)-180
     Head-50
     Main Body-400
Speed
Running-Can run at 80 mph for over five hour before it has two
cool of for a half hour.
Flight-Not possible
Leaping-Can leap into the air up to 75 feet
Statistical Data
Height-12 feet
Width-5 feet
Weight-3 tons
Physical Strength: Equal to a PS 60
Power Source: Unknown, average lifespan 40 years
Black Market Cost-20 million extremely hard to find.
Weapon Systems
1. Concealed Mini-missile launcher(2)-Each leg can hold up to 15
mini-missile of choice.
Can fire up to 4 missiles at a time in each leg.
2. Particle Beam: This beam is in the palm of the right hand.  It
can do lots of damage if given enough time.
Range-2,000 feet
Mega-Damage: 1D6 per shot.  Or pilot can opt to let the particle
beam energize in which case he can only fire the mini-missile or
a hand held weapon.  Letting it charge for an attack double the
damage, letting it charge for two attacks allows it to do
quadruple its power, and if you let it recharge for three rounds
it can double 10 times the regular damage. 
After three rounds damage is still 10 times regular.
Payload-Unlimited shots, hooked up to the engine.
3. Power Laser: This is mounted on the left shoulder it is
capable of huge amounts of damage.
Range: 5,000 Feet
Mega-Damage: 7D6 per shot, or 2D6*10 per multiple burst of 5
shots.
Payload: Unlimited, hooked up to the engine.
4. Head Laser(4): These four lasers fire as one. They have a
firing arc of 180 degrees.
Range: 1,000 feet
Mega-Damage: Each laser does 1D4 M.D., combined laser damage is
4D6 
Payload: Unlimited, hooked up to the engine.
5. Hand to Hand Combat: With training has three attacks not
including pilots attack.
+4 to strike
