Miles, James:  "Worcester Enigma, The"
Miller, Thomas Kent:  Sherlock Holmes on the Roof of the World
Mitchell, Gladys:  Watson's Choice
Mitchelson, Austin et al:  Earthquake Machine, The
Mitchelson, Austin et al:  Hellbirds
Morgan, Roberts:  Spotlight on a Simple Case
Mustoo, Terence:  Sherlock Holmes in The Deerstalker: Chameleons' Dramascripts
Neblett, William:  Sherlock's Logic
Newman, Robert:  Case of Baker Street Irregular, The
Newman, Robert:  Case of the Etruscan Treasure, The
Newman, Robert:  Case of the Murdered Players, The
Newman, Robert:  Case of the Somerville Secret, The
Newman, Robert:  Case of the Threatened King, The
Newman, Robert:  Case of the Vanishing Corpse, The
Newman, Robert:  Puzzle for Sherlock Holmes, A
Nieminski, John et al:  Dear Starrett/Dear Briggs (LIT)
Nordon, Pierre:  Conan Doyle: A Biography (LIT)
Norman, Douglas:  Sign of the Foreskin, The (The Base Book of Sherlock Holmes)
North, John:  Sherlock Holmes & the Arabian Princess
North, John:  Sherlock Holmes & the German Nanny
Nown, Graham:  Elementary My Dear Watson (LIT)
O'Hegarty, Charles:  "Sherlock Holmes: The Strange Case of the Queen's Pupils" (
O'Neill, Patrick Danie:  "Elementary, Dear Data" (ST: TNG #6)
Olyunin, Rotislav:  "Sherlock Holmes in Russia" (Sputnik 12/68) (LIT)
Oyle, Croton:  Affair of the Lost Compression, The
Palmer, Charles:  Adventure of the Marked Man, and one Other, The
Park, Orlando:  Sherlock Holmes Encyclopedia, The (LIT)
Parry, Henry T.:  "Baker Street Irregulars Murder Case, The" (EQ 02/68)
Paul, Herbert Sincerest Form of Flattery, The  (LIT)
Paul, Jeremy:  Naval Treaty, The
Paul, Jeremy:  Problem of Thor Bridge, The
Paul, Jeremy:  Speckled Band, The
Pearlman, Gilbert:  Adventure of Sherlock Holmes' Smarter Brother, The
Pearsall, Ronald:  Conan Doyle: A Biographical Solution (LIT)
Pearson, Edmund:  Adventures of the Lost Manuscripts, The
Pearson, Edmund:  Secret Book
Pearson, Edmund:  Sherlock Holmes and the Drood Mystery
Pearson, Heskith:  Conan Doyle (LIT)
Petrie, Glen:  Dorking Gap Affair, The
Pinkwater, Daniel:  Snarkout Boys & The Avacado of Death, The
Pinkwater, Daniel:  Snarkout Boys & The Baconburg Horror, The
Piper, H. Beam:  "The Return"
Pohle, Robert W., Jr.:  Sherlock Holmes on the Screen (CIN)
Pointer, Michael:  Pictorial History of S. Holmes (LIT)
Pointer, Michael:  Public Life of Sherlock Holmes, The (LIT)
Pointer, Michael:  Sherlock Holmes File, The (LIT)
Powell, James:  "Death in the Christmas Hour"
Preiss, Byron:  Son of Sherlock Holmes: The Woman in Red
Prince, D. A.:  "Case of the Chinese Opera, The"
Quackenbush, Robert:  Sherlock Chick and the Case of the Night Noises
Quackenbush, Robert:  Sherlock Chick and the Giant Egg Mystery
Quackenbush, Robert:  Sherlock Chick and the Peekaboo Mystery
Quackenbush, Robert:  Sherlock Chick's First Case
Queen, Ellery (ed):  Misadventures of Sherlock Holmes, The
Queen, Ellery:  Study in Terror, A
Rathbone, Basil:  In and Out of Character (CIN)
Razzi, Jim and Mary:  Search for King Pup's Tomb, The
Razzi, Jim and Mary:  Sherlock Bones Mystery 1, The
Razzi, Jim and Mary:  Sherlock Bones Mystery 2, The
Razzi, Jim and Mary:  Sherlock Bones Mystery 3, The
Razzi, Jim and Mary:  Sherlock Bones Mystery 4, The
Razzi, Jim and Mary:  Sherlock Bones Mystery 5, The
Razzi, Jim and Mary:  Sherlock Bones Mystery 6, The
Redmond, Chris A.:  In Bed With Sherlock Holmes (LIT)
Redmond, Chris A.:  Welcome to America, Mr. Sherlock Holmes (LIT)
Redmond, Donald A.:  Sherlock Holmes: A Study in Sources (LIT)
Redmond, Donald A.:  Sherlock Holmes among the Pirates (LIT)
Reynolds, Mack:  "Adventure of the Extraterrestrial, The"
Reynolds, Mack:  "Adventure of the Snitch in Time"
Richardson, Robert:  Book of the Dead, The
Roberts, S. C.:  Doctor Watson (LIT)
Roberts, S. C.:  Holmes and Watson, A Miscellany (LIT)
Rosa, Dennis:  Sherlock Holmes and the Curse of the Sign of Four
Rose-Bond, Sherry:  "Report from 221B Baker Strett" (LIT) (AD, regular column)
Rosenblatt, Julia Carlson:  Dining With Sherlock Holmes: A Baker St. Cookbook (C
Rothman, Steven:  Christopher Morley on Sherlock Holmes (LIT)
Rosenberg, Samuel:  Naked Is the Best Disguise
Ruse, Gary Alan:  "Phantom Chamber, The"
Rushton, William:  W.G. Grace's Last Case
Russell, Alan K.:  Rivals of Sherlock Holmes
Russell, Alan K.:  Rivals of Sherlock Holmes 2
Ruyle, John:  Adventure of the Five Buffalo Chips, The
Ruyle, John:  Scandal in Bulimia, A
Ruyle, John:  Sherlockian Poems [rare]
Ryan, Peter:  Black River Emerald, The (GAMES) (H02)
Ryan, Richard T.:  Official Sherlock Holmes Trivia Book, The (GAMES)
Saberhagen, Fred:  Holmes-Dracula File, The
Saberhagen, Fred:  "Adventure of the Metal Murderer, The"
Saberhagen, Fred:  "Third Book of Lost Swords: Stonecutter's Story, The"
Sadler, Catherine Edwards:  Adventures of Sherlock Holmes #1
Sadler, Catherine Edwards:  Adventures of Sherlock Holmes #2
Sadler, Catherine Edwards:  Adventures of Sherlock Holmes #3
Sadler, Catherine Edwards:  Adventures of Sherlock Holmes #4
Saffron, Robert:  Demon Device, The
Sallows, Lee:  "Alpha-Magic Squares" (in Journal Abacus)
Shakley, Jay:  Villars-Manningham Papers, The
Sharp, Allen:  Case of the Buchanan Curse, The
Sharp, Allen:  Case of the Gentle Conspirators, The
Sharp, Allen:  Case of the Howling Dog, The
Sharp, Allen:  Case of the Man Who Followed Himself, The
Sharp, Allen:  Case of the Silent Canary, The
Shaw, J. Bennett:  Ragged Shaw (LIT)
Shaw, Stanley:  Sherlock Holmes at the 1902 Fifth Test
Shaw, Stanley:  Sherlock Holmes Meets Annie Oakley
Shepard, Walter:  On the Scent with Sherlock Holmes
Shepherd, Michael:  Sherlock Holmes and the Case of Doctor Freud (LIT)
Shreffler, Philip A. (ed):  Baker Street Studies (LIT)
Shreffler, Philip A. (ed):  Sherlock Holmes by Gas-Lamp (LIT)
Sivers, Brenda:  Count Doberman of Pinscher
Sivers, Brenda:  Hound in the Highlands
Sleuth Publications:  Queen's Park Affair, The (GAMES)
Sleuth Publications:  Sherlock Holmes Consulting Detective (GAMES)
Sleuth Publications:  Mansion Murders, The (GAMES)
Smith, D. O.:  "Adventure of the Christmas Visitor, The"
Smith, D. O.:  "Adventure of the Purple Hand, The"
Smith, D. O.:  "Adventure of the Unseen Traveller, The"
Smith, D. O.:  "Adventure of the Zodiac Plate, The"
Smith, D. O.:  "Secret of Shoreswood Hall, The"
Smith, Edgar W.:  Baker Street Inventory (NONFICTION)
Smith, Edgar W. (ed):  Profile by Gaslight (LIT)
Smith, George H.:  Second War of the Worlds, The
Smith, L. Neil:  Their Majesties' Bucketeers
Smith, P.:  Grey Nun Legacy, The
Smith, R. Dixon:  Jeremy Brett and David Burke (CIN)
Smullyan, Raymond:  Chess Mysteries of Sherlock Holmes, The (GAMES)
Sobol, Donald J.:  Two Minute Mysteries
Sobol, Donald J.:  More Two Minute Mysteries
Sobol, Donald J.:  Still More Two Minute Mysteries
Spielman & Zelman:  Life Insurance Conspiracy, The
Spore, Keith:  Death of a Scavenger
Starrett, Vincent:  Private Life of Sherlock Holmes, The (LIT)
Starrett, Vincent (ed):  221B: Studies in Sherlock Holmes (LIT)
Starrett, Vincent:  Unique Hamlet, The
Stashower, Daniel:  Case of the Ectoplasmic Man, The
Steinbrunner, Chris:  Films of Sherlock Holmes, The (CIN)
Stern, Madeleine B.:  Game's a Head, The
Stern, Madeleine B.:  Sherlock Holmes Rare Book Collector (LIT)
Steve Jackson Games:  Undead (GAME)
Stevens, Shane:  "Final Adventure, The" (EQ 02/69)
Stokes, Arthur M.:  Checkmate!
Stout, Rex:  "Watson Was a Woman"
Sundin, Gunnar E.:  Walking Tour of the London of Sherlock Holmes, A (LIT)
Symons, Julian:  Bloody Murder
Symons, Julian:  Great Detectives: Seven Original Investigations
Symons, Julian:  Conan Doyle: Portrait of an Artist (LIT)
Symons, Julian:  Three Pipe Problem, A
Symons, Julian:  Kentish Manor Murders, The
Symons, Julian:  "Did Sherlock Holmes Meet Hercule --?" (EQ mid-12/87)
Tepper, Ruth Lake:  Sherlock Holmes Crossword Puzzle Book, The
Tepper, Ruth Lake:  Sherlock Holmes Crossword Puzzle Book II, The
Thierry, James Francis:  Adventure of the Eleven Cuff-Buttons, The
Thomas, Frank:  Sherlock Holmes & the Golden Bird
Thomas, Frank:  Sherlock Holmes & the Masquerade Murders
Thomas, Frank:  Sherlock Holmes & the Sacred Sword
Thomas, Frank:  Sherlock Holmes & the Treasure Train
Thomas, Frank:  Sherlock Holmes, Bridge Detective (GAMES)
Thomas, Frank:  Sherlock Holmes, Bridge Detective Returns (GAMES)
Thomas, H. Douglas:  Masters of Mystery
Titus, Eve:  Basil and the Lost Colony (B03)
Titus, Eve:  Basil and the Pygmy Cats (B02)
Titus, Eve:  Basil in Mexico (B04)
Titus, Eve:  Basil in the Wild West (B05)
Titus, Eve:  Basil of Baker Street (B01)
Todd, Peter:  Adventures of Herlock Sholmes, The
Toil, Cunnin:  Adventures of Picklock Holes, The
Tracy, Jack:  Conan Doyle and the Latter Day Saints (LIT)
Tracy, Jack:  Encyclopaedia Sherlockiana, The (LIT)
Tracy, Jack:  Subcutaneously, My Dear Watson (LIT)
Trow, M. J.:  Supreme Adventures of Inspector Lestrade, The
Trow, M. J.:  Adventures of Inspector Lestrade, The
Trow, M. J.:  Brigade
Trow, M. J.:  Lestrade and the Hallowed House
Utechin, Nicholas:  Sherlock Holmes at Oxford
Van Ash, Cay:  Ten Years Beyond Baker Street
Van Vogt, A. E.:  "Being an Examination of Ponsian and Holmsian Deductive System
Vaughan, Ralph:  Sherlock Holmes: The Adventure of the Ancient Gods
Viney, Charles:  Sherlock Holmes in London (LIT)
Vinicoff, Eric et al:  Spacing Dutchman
Waldrop, Howard:  "Adventure of the Grinder's Whistle, The"
Wallace, Irving:  Fabulous Originals, The (LIT)
Walsh, Ray:  Mycroft Memorandum, The
Walt Disney Company:  Great Mouse Detective, The
Warrack, Guy:  Sherlock Holmes and Music (LIT)
Watson, J.:  My Life with Sherlock Holmes
Watson, J.:  Sexual Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, The
Watts, Ion:  Adventure of Sherlock Ohms, The
Webb & Bower:  Study in Scarlet, A
Wellen, Edward:  "Voiceover"
Weller, Edward:  "House that Jack Built, The"
Wellman, Manly & Wade:  Sherlock Holmes's War of Worlds
Weverka, Robert:  Murder by Decree
Wiggins, Elizabeth:  Sherlock Holmes Gazette, The (MAG)
Williamson, Barbara:  "Thing Waiting Outside, The"
Wilson, Gahan:  Everybody's Favorite Duck
Wilson, Gahan:  "Sherlock" (Playboy Album #3)
Wincor, Richard:  Sherlock Holmes in Tibet
Wodehouse, P. G.:  From a Detective's Notebook
Wolfe, Gene:  "Slaves of Silver"
                     THE HORSE AND THE DONKEY
    Once upon a time . . . an old carter kept a horse and a donkey in the same
stable. He was equally fond of both his animals, but as he used the horse to 
pull his trap, he gave it better food and more attention than he did the 
donkey. However, the donkey, knowing he was not so precious as his stablemate,
ate straw instead of corn and hay, without complaining. Even when both animals
carried sacks to market, the donkey's was the heavier load, for the carter did
not want to overwork his noble horse, though he had no such feelings about the
donkey. As time went by, the horse grew more handsome and robust, while the 
donkey became thin and weak. One day, on their way to market, the donkey was 
carrying his usual heavy load, while the horse had only two lightweight sacks 
tied to the saddle.
   "I can't go much further!" moaned the donkey. "I'm much weaker today! I can
hardly stand and unless I can get rid of some of this weight, I won't be able 
to go on. Couldn't you take some of my load?"
   When the horse heard this, he looked the donkey up and down in disdain, for
he considered himself much superior, and said: "Our master gave you the heavy 
load, because he knows that donkeys are beasts of burden. Their loads ought to
be heavier than those of noble horses!"
   So the wretched donkey stumbled on. But after a short distance, he stopped 
again, bleary-eyed, his tongue hanging out. 
   "Please, please listen! If you don't help me, I'll never reach market 
alive." But without even a glance, the horse haughtily replied: "Rubbish! Come
on, you'll manage this time too!" But this time, after a few tottering steps, 
the donkey dropped dead to the ground. The donkey's master, who had lingered
to pick mushrooms, ran up when he saw the animal fall.
   "Poor thing!" he said. "He served me well for so many years. His load must 
have been too heavy."
   Then he turned to the horse: "Come here! You'll have to carry your 
companion's load too now!" And he hoisted the donkey's sacks onto the horse's 
back. 
   "I'd have done better to help the donkey when he was alive," said the horse
to himself. "A little more weight wouldn't have done me any harm. Now, I'm 
frightened of collapsing myself under a double load!" But feeling sorry too
late did nothing to lighten his load.
                      THE HORSE AND THE WOLF
   Once upon a time... a horse was gazing peacefully in a rolling green meadow.
A famished wolf passing by saw the horse and his mouth began to water.
   "That's a fine horse! And will taste good too! He'd make a juicy steak!
Pity he's so big. I don't think I'd manage to bring him down, though you never
know..."
   The wolf approached the horse, which continued to eat the grass. "...maybe,
if I take him by surprise."
   Now quite close, the wolf spoke to the horse, trying to sound as pleasant as
he could.
   "Good day, Mr. Horse, I see you're enjoying a meal. Is the grass good? I
must say you're looking rather pale. Aren't you well?"
   His mouth fool of grass, the horse replied: "Pale? Oh, no, that's my natural
colour. I was born white and grey."
   The wolf pretended not to understand what the horse had said. "Yes, indeed,
very pale. It's just as well your master has given you a holiday in the field,
instead of working."
   "A holiday in the field? But I'm the picture of health!..."
   The wolf was now circling round the horse, trying to find the best point to
attack.
   "I'm a doctor," he went on. "I can treat you. If you tell me where the pain
is. I'm sure I can cure it. Take my advice. Let me examine you!"
   The horse, who was not usually wary of others, became suspicious of the 
wolf's persistent remarks, and thought he had better be on his guard. The wolf
was now very close and carefully biding his time, when the horse said, in 
alarm: "Yes! Now that think of it, I have a sore hind foot. It's been swollen
for ages..."
   Without a moment's thought, the wolf trotted up to the hoof which the horse
had obligingly raised into the air. And when he was certain that the wolf had 
come within range, the horse gave a mighty kick, catching the wolf on the 
jawbone and sending him flying.
   "Would like to examine me again?" The wolf heard the words as he struggled
to his feet with spinning head.
   "No thanks! That's enough for one day1" he mumbled, limping away, with no
further thought for horse steaks.
                           Hotline! (1)
                             (c) 1987
                          James Zachary
On any given day, at any given moment, the phone at the water and
sewage department can ring with a crisis call.
Southeast Treatment Plant, this is Zack.
"Ahem, err, why are ... uhhh are you adding ... uhhhmmm, why are
you putting ammonia in our drinking water ...?"
Pardon me?
"Uhhh, in my drinking water ... in my fish-tank ..."
You drink the water from your fish-tank?
"Uhhhh, errr, nooooo, I uh ..."
Sir, we have a terrible connection, sounds like you're talking
into a garbage can ...
"Hold on a sec ...  THERE!  IS THAT BETTER?  I WAS ON MY NEW
SPEAKER PHONE!"
What else are you on?
"'SCUSE ME?"
Never mind.  Don't shout, I can hear ya fine now.  You said your
fish-tank tastes funny?
"Uhhhh, nooooo.  All my fish died so I tested the water and it
has ammonia in it."
What's your point?
"The water in my fish-tank came from our faucet ... it's regular
drinking water from you.  Your ammonia killed my fish!"
We don't add ammonia to our water.  Some of the large systems do,
to form chloramines so they can carry a chlorine residual for
great distances, but we don't do that.
"Now wait a minute!  I tested the water, both in the fish tank
and from the faucet and it has ammonia in it!"
I see.  How much ammonia?.
"Five."
Five ...?  Five what?  Five parts per million, parts per billion,
parts per trillion...?
"Uhhhhh, it just says five."
What kind of equipment are you using?
"Well, I dunno but it cost me PLENTY!  I spent $12 on it to find
out YOU killed my fish!  It has test tubes and a color chart!  I
went to college, you know!"
Uh huh, I'm sure your mother is proud.  Look, friend, let me
assure you our lab, as well as the EPA lab, cost a tad more than
$12.  Both labs are certified for technique and accuracy and
their results show the drinking water has barely enough ammonia
to measure.
"You mean I wasted $12?"
Looks that way.
"But my fish are all dead! The tank even smells like ammonia!"
How big was the tank and how many fish were in it?
"It was a 10 gallon tank and I had 50 black mollies in it."
Wonderful.  You had 50 fish in a 10 gallon tank?
"Sure!  The book that came with the tank said ..."
Whoa!  Listen, ammonia may have played a part in bumping your
fish off but the ammonia came from their own waste.
"Their own waste? I don't understand!"
Waste ... excrement ... in college terms, your fish made wee wee
in the water...
"Oooooh......."
... and they made big poo poo ...
"Ahhhh, but my filter removes all that!"
Right.  When was the last time you cleaned your filter?
"Why, NEVER!  This filter turns the waste into air by rotifer
reaction so it never needs cleaning.  It worked fine for a
month!"
Sir, have you ever considered changing hobbies to something other
than tropical fish?
"Well, I USED to raise tropical plants until YOUR water killed
them!"
How often did you water them?
"At least four times a day ..."
Maybe you'd consider raising hydroponic pet rocks.
"C L I C K ! ! "
Sometimes it doesn't pay to be helpful ...
Hotline! (3)
(c) 1987
James Zachary
Every now and again, a caller to the water and wastewater
department will ask about issues of national concern.
RING!
Southeast Plant, this is Zack.
"I am taking a survey for my organization.  Do you have time to
answer a few questions?"
Ma'am, this is a sewage plant...
"You are a taxpayer and a voter aren't you?"
Yes Ma'am, but ...
"This will only take a few moments.  Do you think prophylactics
should be on television?"
Say what?
"Prophylactics... condoms... they are..."
I KNOW what they are lady.
"Should they be on your TV?"
What good would they do on my TV?  It never leaves the house...
"DO YOU FAVOR ADVERTISING THEM ON TV!?"
I could care less.
"WELL, YOU BETTER CARE!  THERE IS AN AIDS EPIDEMIC GOING ON AND
THE PUBLIC IS BASICALLY IGNORANT!"
You seem to be a living testament to that...
"Would advertising them on TV offend you?"
After 14 years in sewage, nothing much does offends me.
"Now, as a viewer of TV, what names would you find the least
offensive?"
Trojan.
"I mean what descriptive name?  Condoms ...?  Prophylactics...?"
Call them rubbers.  I don't much care.
"That's a bit crude don't you think?"
Here at work, we call them whitefish or bottlebass ...
"What do mean 'at work'...?  You wear them at work?"
No ma'am.  Remember that this is a sewage plant and that
anything considered disposable usually winds up being flushed
down the commode.  Everyday we get a few thousand of them
buggers floating in the clarifiers and filters.  You seem like
you are preparing to lobby for having them advertised on TV, so
maybe you can give me a break and tell people to quit flushing
them.
"What harm does flushing them do?"
Ma'am, they plug the sewer pipes and everything else.  I
remember one of the many times that I had to pull a plugged
pump.  You can never see what is in that mass of goo stuck in
the pump impeller, so you just have to reach in and grab hold of
it all.  Well, some bozo had flushed one of those  'exciter'
types...
"What type is that?"
... the kind with antlers.  I mean to tell ya, it scared the
hell outta me when I latched onto that thing!  It was wiggling
like it was alive!  For a moment, I thought I had an octopus by
the ears...
"Uhhh... you mean... there is more than one type?"
Oh yes Ma'am!  Should be interesting to see all of the marketing
approaches they will use on TV.  Should also be REAL educational
for the "ignorant public" that you are so worried about.  We used
to keep a bulletin board filled with all of the different sizes,
models and colors...
"You are kidding of course..."
Oh, no Ma'am!  We fished out all of the novelty items and tacked
them up for display.  My favorite was one that had the American
Flag on it.
"The Flag?  Just where did they put The Flag?"
About half-staff...
CLICK!
Hmmmmm.  She must have dropped the phone while saluting...
                           Hotline! (4)
                             (c) 1987
                          James Zachary
There are times that the telephone will ring in vain at the water
and sewer department, because there is no one there to answer it.
The bartender at the local pub wanders over to the slumping
figure by the window.
"Looks like you need a beer!  Rough day at work?"
Better make it a straight bourbon, a rough day at work makes me
paranoid about amber liquids that foam.
"Where do ya work?"
At a sewage plant.
"RIGHT!  One bourbon coming up!"
(A comely young lady wearing tight jeans and a 'Save the
Armadillo' sweatshirt walks over.)
"May I have a word with you?"
"Awww, come on now, I just want to talk."
Lady, if this is about your plugged sewer, rusty drinking water
or your house flooding last September, call our main office
tomorrow during working hours.
"Oh no, I don't live around here.  I want to ask if you are
willing to observe 'Meatless Monday' with us?"
Please go away.
"Do you know about 'Meatless Monday' and what it means to the
world?"
It must have something to do with either 'Gay Rights' or the
'Celibate Society' movements.  I'm the wrong person to talk to...
please have a nice evening.
"OH NO! 'Meatless Monday' is a worldwide event planned to
demonstrate the cruelty of eating the flesh of other living
animals.  We propose all people become vegetarians."
I really don't want to be a vegetable.
"Vegetarian.  Mankind does not have the right, nor the real need,
to slaughter living creatures for food.  Meat protein and fat is
slowly killing you.  Were you aware of that?"
Sure beats getting knifed on the subway.
"The more people we can get to observe 'Meatless Monday', the
more animals will be saved from vicious slaughter."
Vicious slaughter?
"YES!  Do you realize how cruelly animals are killed before
butchering?  Most are just bludgeoned into unconsciousness and
are then quartered alive!"
I wondered where the 'quarter-pounder' came from.
"This is serious!  There are no standards set for the humane
killing of animals and we want all people to boycott meat
products for one day, as a demonstration of unity."
Sure, lady.  I'll try not to eat anything until it has quit
wiggling.
"Are you involved in any ecological or conservation programs?"
Oh, yes Ma'am.  I too believe all living creatures must be
protected.  I am a member of the 'Save the Mosquito Committee'.
I am the recruitment officer.
"You are not serious!  Just what does the recruitment officer
do?"
I find people willing to stand naked in the swamp to act as
feeding stations.  Interested?
"NO!  Don't change the subject.  Our group wants to convince as
many people as possible to be vegetarians, but we realize that
many will insist on eating animal flesh.  We would settle on a
standard that would require a humane method of killing them."
That's easy.  You can volunteer to talk to the animals.
"I don't understand what good that would do."
They would then simply die of boredom.
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
           (313)558-5024 {14.4} (313)558-5517
              A BBS for text file junkies
              RPGNet GM File Archive Site
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
                      Chapter 1
                 Mr. Sherlock Holmes
  Mr. Sherlock Holmes, who was usually very late in the
mornings, save upon those not infrequent occasions when he was
up all night, was seated at the breakfast table. I stood upon the
hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had left
behind him the night before. It was a fine, thick piece of wood,
bulbous-headed, of the sort which is known as a "Penang law-
yer." Just under the head was a broad silver band nearly an inch
across. "To James Mortimer, M.R.C.S., from his friends of the
C.C.H.," was engraved upon it, with the date "1884." It was
just such a stick as the old-fashioned family practitioner used to
carry -- dignified, solid, and reassuring.
  "Well, Watson, what do you make of it?"
  Holmes was sitting with his back to me, and I had given him
no sign of my occupation.
  "How did you know what I was doing? I believe you have
eyes in the back of your head."
  "I have, at least, a well-polished, silver-plated coffee-pot in
front of me," said he. "But, tell me, Watson, what do you make
of our visitor's stick? Since we have been so unfortunate as to
miss him and have no notion of his errand, this accidental
souvenir becomes of importance. Let me hear you reconstruct
the man by an examination of it."
  "I think," said I, following as far as I could the methods of
my companion, "that Dr. Mortimer is a successful, elderly
medical man, well-esteemed since those who know him give
him this mark of their appreciation."
  "Good!" said Holmes. "Excellent!"
  "I think also that the probability is in favour of his being a
country practitioner who does a great deal of his visiting on
foot."
  "Why so?"
  "Because this stick, though originally a very handsome one
has been so knocked about that I can hardly imagine a town
practitioner carrying it. The thick-iron ferrule is worn down, so it
is evident that he has done a great amount of walking with it."
  "Perfectly sound!" said Holmes.
  "And then again, there is the 'friends of the C.C.H.' I should
guess that to be the Something Hunt, the local hunt to whose
members he has possibly given some surgical assistance, and
which has made him a small presentation in return."
  "Really, Watson, you excel yourself," said Holmes, pushing
back his chair and lighting a cigarette. "I am bound to say that
in all the accounts which you have been so good as to give of my
own small achievements you have habitually underrated your
own abilities. It may be that you are not yourself luminous, but
you are a conductor of light. Some people without possessing
genius have a remarkable power of stimulating it. I confess, my
dear fellow, that I am very much in your debt."
  He had never said as much before, and I must admit that his
words gave me keen pleasure, for I had often been piqued by his
indifference to my admiration and to the attempts which I had
made to give publicity to his methods. I was proud, too, to think
that I had so far mastered his system as to apply it in a way
which earned his approval. He now took the stick from my hands
and examined it for a few minutes with his naked eyes. Then
with an expression of interest he laid down his cigarette, and
carrying the cane to the window, he looked over it again with a
convex lens.
  "Interesting, though elementary," said he as he returned to
his favourite corner of the settee. "There are certainly one or
two indications upon the stick. It gives us the basis for several
deductions."
  "Has anything escaped me?" I asked with some self-
importance. "I trust that there is nothing of consequence which I
have overlooked?"
  "I am afraid, my dear Watson, that most of your conclusions
were erroneous. When I said that you stimulated me I meant, to
be frank, that in noting your fallacies I was occasionally guided
towards the truth. Not that you are entirely wrong in this in-
stance. The man is certainly a country practitioner. And he walks
a good deal."
  "Then I was right."
  "To that extent."
  "But that was all."
  "No, no, my dear Watson, not all -- by no means all. I would
suggest, for example, that a presentation to a doctor is more
likely to come from a hospital than from a hunt, and that when
the initials 'C.C.' are placed before that hospital the words
'Charing Cross' very naturally suggest themselves."
  "You may be right."
  "The probability lies in that direction. And if we take this as a
working hypothesis we have a fresh basis from which to start our
construction of this unknown visitor."
  "Well, then, supposing that 'C.C.H.' does stand for 'Charing
Cross Hospital,' what further inferences may we draw?"
  "Do none suggest themselves? You know my methods. Apply
them!"
  "I can only think of the obvious conclusion that the man has
practised in town before going to the country."
  "I think that we might venture a little farther than this. Look
at it in this light. On what occasion would it be most probable
that such a presentation would be made? When would his friends
unite to give him a pledge of their good will? Obviously at the
moment when Dr. Mortimer withdrew from the service of the
hospital in order to start in practice for himself. We know there
has been a presentation. We believe there has been a change
from a town hospital to a country practice. Is it, then, stretching
our inference too far to say that the presentation was on the
occasion of the change?"
  "It certainly seems probable."
  "Now, you will observe that he could not have been on the
staff of ohe hospital, since only a man well-established in a
London practice could hold such a position, and such a one
would not drift into the country. What was he, then? If he was in
the hospital and yet not on the staff he could only have been a
house-surpeon or a house-physician -- little more than a senior
student. And he left five years ago -- the date is on the stick. So
your grave, middle-aged family practitioner vanishes into thin
air, my dear Watson, and there emerges a young fellow under
thirty, amiable, unambitious, absent-minded, and the possessor
of a favourite dog, which I should describe roughly as being
larger than a terrier and smaller than a mastiff."
  I laughed incredulously as Sherlock Holmes leaned back in his
settee and blew little wavering rings of smoke up to the ceiling.
  "As to the latter part, I have no means of checking you," said
I, "but at least it is not difficult to find out a few particulars
about the man's age and professional career." From my small
medical shelf I took down the Medical Directory and turned up
the name. There were several Mortimers, but only one who
could be our visitor. I read his record aloud.
      "Mortimer, James, M.R.C.S., 1882, Grimpen, Dartmoor,
    Devon. House-surgeon, from 1882 to 1884, at Charing
    Cross Hospital. Winner of the Jackson prize for Compara-
    tive Pathology, with essay entitled 'Is Disease a Reversion?'
    Corresponding member of the Swedish Pathological Soci-
    ety. Author of 'Some Freaks of Atavism' (Lancet 1882).
    'Do We Progress?' (Journal of Psychology, March, 1883).
    Medical Officer for the parishes of Grimpen, Thorsley, and
    High Barrow."
  "No mention of that local hunt, Watson," said Holmes with a
mischievous smile, "but a country doctor, as you very astutely
observed. I think that I am fairly justified in my inferences. As
to the adjectives, I said, if I remember right, amiable, unambi-
tious, and absent-minded. It is my experience that it is only an
amiable man in this world who receives testimonials, only an
unambitious one who abandons a London career for the country,
and only an absent-minded one who leaves his stick and not his
visiting-card after waiting an hour in your room."
  "And the dog?"
  "Has been in the habit of carrying this stick behind his
master. Being a heavy stick the dog has held it tightly by the
middle, and the marks of his teeth are very plainly visible. The
dog's jaw, as shown in the space between these marks, is too
broad in my opinion for a terrier and not broad enough for a
mastiff. It may have been -- yes, by Jove, it is a curly-haired
spaniel."
  He had risen and paced the room as he spoke. Now he halted
in the recess of the window. There was such a ring of conviction
in his voice that I glanced up in surprise.
  "My dear fellow, how can you possibly be so sure of that?"
  "For the very simple reason that I see the dog himself on our
very door-step, and there is the ring of its owner. Don't move, I
beg you, Watson. He is a professional brother of yours, and your
presence may be of assistance to me. Now is the dramatic
moment of fate, Watson, when you hear a step upon the stair
which is walking into your life, and you know not whether for
good or ill. What does Dr. James Mortimer, the man of science,
ask of Sherlock Holmes, the specialist in crime? Come in!"
  The appearance of our visitor was a surprise to me, since I
had expected a typical country practitioner. He was a very tall,
thin man, with a long nose like a beak, which jutted out between
two keen, gray eyes, set closely together and sparkling brightly
from behind a pair of gold-rimmed glasses. He was clad in a
professional but rather slovenly fashion, for his frock-coat was
dingy and his trousers frayed. Though young, his long back was
already bowed, and he walked with a forward thrust of his head
and a general air of peering benevolence. As he entered his eyes
fell upon the stick in Holmes's hand, and he ran towards it with
an exclamation of joy. "I am so very glad," said he. "I was not
sure whether I had left it here or in the Shipping Office. I would
not lose that stick for the world."
  "A presentation, I see," said Holmes.
  "Yes, sir."
  "From Charing Cross Hospital?"
  "From one or two friends there on the occasion of my
marriage."
  "Dear, dear, that's bad!" said Holmes, shaking his head.
  Dr. Mortimer blinked through his glasses in mild astonishment.
  "Why was it bad?"
  "Only that you have disarranged our little deductions. Your
marriage, you say?"
  "Yes, sir. I married, and so left the hospital, and with it all
hopes of a consulting practice. It was necessary to make a home
of my own."
  "Come, come, we are not so far wrong, after all," said
Holmes. "And now, Dr. James Mortimer --"
  "Mister, sir, Mister -- a humble M.R.C.S."
  "And a man of precise mind, evidently."
  "A dabbler in science, Mr. Holmes, a picker up of shells on
the shores of the great unknown ocean. I presume that it is Mr.
Sherlock Holmes whom I am addressing and not --"
  "No, this is my friend Dr. Watson."
  "Glad to meet you, sir. I have heard your name mentioned in
connection with that of your friend. You interest me very much,
Mr. Holmes. I had hardly expected so dolichocephalic a skull or
such well-marked supra-orbital development. Would you have
any objection to my running my finger along your parietal
fissure? A cast of your skull, sir, until the original is available,
would be an ornament to any anthropological museum. It is not
my intention to be fulsome, but I confess that I covet your
skull."
  Sherlock Holmes waved our strange visitor into a chair. "You
are an enthusiast in your line of thought, I perceive, sir, as I am
in mine," said he. "I observe from your forefinger that you
make your own cigarettes. Have no hesitation in lighting one."
  The man drew out paper and tobacco and twirled the one up in
the other with surprising dexterity. He had long, quivering fin-
gers as agile and restless as the antennae of an insect.
  Holmes was silent, but his little darting glances showed me
the interest which he took in our curious companion.
  "I presume, sir," said he at last, "that it was not merely for
the purpose of examining my skull that you have done me the
honour to call here last night and again to-day?"
  "No, sir, no; though I am happy to have had the opportunity
of doing that as well. I came to you, Mr. Holmes, because I
recognized that I am myself an unpractical man and because I am
suddenly confronted with a most serious and extraordinary prob-
lem. Recognizing, as I do, that you are the second highest expert
in Europe --"
  "Indeed, sir! May I inquire who has the honour to be the
first?" asked Holmes with some asperity.
  "To the man of precisely scientific mind the work of Mon-
sieur Bertillon must always appeal strongly."
  "Then had you not better consult him?"
  "I said, sir, to the precisely scientific mind. But as a practical
man of affairs it is acknowledged that you stand alone. I trust,
sir, that I have not inadvertently --"
  "Just a little," said Holmes. "I think, Dr. Mortimer, you
would do wisely if without more ado you would kindly tell me
plainly what the exact nature of the problem is in which you
demand my assistance."
                      Chapter 2
           The Curse of the Baskervilles
  "I have in my pocket a manuscript," said Dr. James Mortimer.
  "I observed it as you entered the room," said Holmes.
  "It is an old manuscript."
  "Early eighteenth century, unless it is a forgery."
  "How can you say that, sir?"
  "You have presented an inch or two of it to my examination
all the time that you have been talking. It would be a poor expert
who could not give the date of a document within a decade or so.
You may possibly have read my little monograph upon the
subject. I put that at 1730."
  "The exact date is 1742." Dr. Mortimer drew it from his
breast-pocket. "This family paper was committed to my care by
Sir Charles Baskerville, whose sudden and tragic death some
three months ago created so much excitement in Devonshire. I
may say that I was his personal friend as well as his medical
attendant. He was a strong-minded man, sir, shrewd, practical,
and as unimaginative as I am myself. Yet he took this document
very seriously, and his mind was prepared for just such an end as
did eventually overtake him."
  Holmes stretched out his hand for the manuscript and flattened
it upon his knee.
  "You will observe, Watson, the alternative use of the long s
and the short. It is one of several indications which enabled me
to fix the date."
  I looked over his shoulder at the yellow paper and the faded
script. At the head was written: "Baskerville Hall," and below
in large, scrawling figures: "1742."
  "It appears to be a statement of some sort."
  "Yes, it is a statement of a certain legend which runs in the
Baskerville family."
  "But I understand that it is something more modern and
practical upon which you wish to consult me?"
  "Most modern. A most practical, pressing matter, which must
be decided within twenty-four hours. But the manuscript is short
and is intimately connected with the affair. With your permission
I will read it to you."
  Holmes leaned back in his chair, placed his finger-tips to-
gether, and closed his eyes, with an air of resignation. Dr.
Mortimer turned the manuscript to the light and read in a high,
cracking voice the following curious, old-world narrative:
       "Of the origin of the Hound of the Baskervilles there
     have been many statements, yet as I come in a direct line
     from Hugo Baskerville, and as I had the story from my
     father, who also had it from his, I have set it down with all
     belief that it occurred even as is here set forth. And I would
     have you believe, my sons, that the same Justice which
     punishes sin may also most graciously forgive it, and that
     no ban is so heavy but that by prayer and repentance it may
     be removed. Learn then from this story not to fear the fruits
     of the past, but rather to be circumspect in the future, that
     those foul passions whereby our family has suffered so
     grievously may not again be loosed to our undoing.
       "Know then that in the time of the Great Rebellion (the
     history of which by the learned Lord Clarendon I most
     earnestly commend to your attention) this Manor of Basker-
     ville was held by Hugo of that name, nor can it be gainsaid
     that he was a most wild, profane, and godless man. This, in
     truth, his neighbours might have pardoned, seeing that saints
     have never flourished in those parts, but there was in him a
     certain wanton and cruel humour which made his name a by-
     word through the West. It chanced that this Hugo came to
     love (if, indeed, so dark a passion may be known under so
     bright a name) the daughter of a yeoman who held lands
     near the Baskerville estate. But the young maiden, being
     discreet and of good repute, would ever avoid him, for she
     feared his evil name. So it came to pass that one Michaelmas
     this Hugo, with five or six of his idle and wicked compan-
     ions, stole down upon the farm and carried off the maiden,
     her father and brothers being from home, as he well knew.
     When they had brought her to the Hall the maiden was
     placed in an upper chamber, while Hugo and his friends sat
     down to a long carouse, as was their nightly custom. Now,
     the poor lass upstairs was like to have her wits turned at the
     singing and shouting and terrible oaths which came up to
     her from below, for they say that the words used by Hugo
     Baskerville, when he was in wine, were such as might blast
     the man who said them. At last in the stress of her fear she
     did that which might have daunted the bravest or most
     active man, for by the aid of the growth of ivy which
     covered (and still covers) the south wall she came down
     from under the eaves, and so homeward across the moor,
     there being three leagues betwixt the Hall and her father's
     farm.
       "It chanced that some little time later Hugo left his
     guests to carry food and drink -- with other worse things,
     perchance -- to his captive, and so found the cage empty and
     the bird escaped. Then, as it would seem, he became as one
     that hath a devil, for, rushing down the stairs into the
     dining-hall, he sprang upon the great table, flagons and
     trenchers flying before him, and he cried aloud before all
     the company that he would that very night render his body
     and soul to the Powers of Evil if he might but overtake the
     wench. And while the revellers stood aghast at the fury of
     the man, one more wicked or, it may be, more drunken than
     the rest, cried out that they should put the hounds upon her
     Whereat Hugo ran from the house, crying to his grooms
     that they should saddle his mare and unkennel the pack, and
     giving the hounds a kerchief of the maid's, he swung them
     to the line, and so off full cry in the moonlight over the
     moor.
       "Now, for some space the revellers stood agape, unable
     to understand all that had been done in such haste. But anon
     their bemused wits awoke to the nature of the deed which
     was like to be done upon the moorlands. Everything was
     now in an uproar, some calling for their pistols, some for
     their horses, and some for another flask of wine. But at
     length some sense came back to their crazed minds, and the
     whole of them, thirteen in number, took horse and started in
     pursuit. The moon shone clear above them, and they rode
     swiftly abreast, taking that course which the maid must
     needs have taken if she were to reach her own home.
       "They had gone a mile or two when they passed one of
     the night shepherds upon the moorlands, and they cried to
     him to know if he had seen the hunt. And the man, as the
     story goes, was so crazed with fear that he could scarce
     speak, but at last he said that he had indeed seen the
     unhappy maiden, with the hounds upon her track. 'But I
     have seen more than that,' said he, 'for Hugo Baskerville
     passed me upon his black mare, and there ran mute behind
     him such a hound of hell as God forbid should ever be at
     my heels.' So the drunken squires cursed the shepherd and
     rode onward. But soon their skins turned cold, for there
     came a galloping across the moor, and the black mare,
     dabbled with white froth, went past with trailing bridle and
     empty saddle. Then the revellers rode close together, for a
     great fear was on them, but they still followed over the
     moor, though each, had he been alone, would have been
     right glad to have turned his horse's head. Riding slowly in
     this fashion they came at last upon the hounds. These,
     though known for their valour and their breed, were whim-
     pering in a cluster at the head of a deep dip or goyal, as we
     call it, upon the moor, some slinking away and some, with
     starting hackles and staring eyes, gazing down the narrow
     valley before them.
       "The company had come to a halt, more sober men, as
     you may guess, than when they started. The most of them
     would by no means advance, but three of them, the boldest,
     or it may be the most drunken, rode forward down the
     goyal. Now, it opened into a broad space in which stood two
     of those great stones, still to be seen there, which were set
     by certain forgotten peoples in the days of old. The moon
     was shining bright upon the clearing, and there in the centre
     lay the unhappy maid where she had fallen, dead of fear and
     of fatigue. But it was not the sight of her body, nor yet was
     it that of the body of Hugo Baskerviile lying near her,
     which raised the hair upon the heads of these three dare-
     devil roysterers, but it was that, standing over Hugo, and
     plucking at his throat, there stood a foul thing, a great,
     black beast, shaped like a hound, yet larger than any hound
     that ever mortal eye has rested upon. And even as they
     looked the thing tore the throat out of Hugo Baskerville, on
     which, as it turned its blazing eyes and dripping jaws upon
     them, the three shrieked with fear and rode for dear life,
     still screaming, across the moor. One, it is said, died that
     very night of what he had seen, and the other twain were
     but broken men for the rest of their days.
       "Such is the tale, my sons, of the coming of the hound
     which is said to have plagued the family so sorely ever
     since. If I have set it down it is because that which is clearly
     known hath less terror than that which is but hinted at and
     guessed. Nor can it be denied that many of the family have
     been unhappy in their deaths, which have been sudden,
     bloody, and mysterious. Yet may we shelter ourselves in
     the infinite goodness of Providence, which would not for-
     ever punish the innocent beyond that third or fourth genera-
     tion which is threatened in Holy Writ. To that Providence,
     my sons, I hereby commend you, and I counsel you by way
     of caution to forbear from crossing the moor in those dark
     hours when the powers of evil are exalted.
       "[This from Hugo Baskerville to his sons Rodger and
     John, with instructions that they say nothing thereof to their
     sister Elizabeth.]"
  When Dr. Mortimer had finished reading this singular narra-
tive he pushed his spectacles up on his forehead and stared
across at Mr. Sherlock Holmes. The latter yawned and tossed the
end of his cigarette into the fire.
  "Well?" said he.
  "Do you not find it interesting?"
  "To a collector of fairy tales."
  Dr. Mortimer drew a folded newspaper out of his pocket.
  "Now, Mr. Holmes, we will give you something a little more
recent. This is the Devon County Chronicle of May 14th of this
year. It is a short account of the facts elicited at the death of Sir
Charles Baskerville which occurred a few days before that date."
  My friend leaned a little forward and his expression became
intent. Our visitor readjusted his glasses and began:
       "The recent sudden death of Sir Charles Baskerville,
     whose name has been mentioned as the probable Liberal
     candidate for Mid-Devon at the next election, has cast a
     gloom over the county. Though Sir Charles had resided at
     Baskerville Hall for a comparatively short period his amia-
     bility of character and extreme generosity had won the
     affection and respect of all who had been brought into
     contact with him. In these days of nouveaux riches it is
     refreshing to find a case where the scion of an old county
     family which has fallen upon evil days is able to make his
     own fortune and to bring it back with him to restore the
     fallen grandeur of his line. Sir Charles, as is well known,
     made large sums of money in South African speculation.
     More wise than those who go on until the wheel turns
     against them, he realized his gains and returned to England
     with them. It is only two years since he took up his resi-
     dence at Baskerville Hall, and it is common talk how large
     were those schemes of reconstruction and improvement which
     have been interrupted by his death. Being himself childless,
     it was his openly expressed desire that the whole country-
     side should, within his own lifetime, profit by his good
     fortune, and many will have personal reasons for bewailing
     his untimely end. His generous donations to local and county
     charities have been frequently chronicled in these columns.
       "The circumstances connected with the death of Sir Charles
     cannot be said to have been entirely cleared up by the
     inquest, but at least enough has been done to dispose of
     those rumours to which local superstition has given rise.
     There is no reason whatever to suspect foul play, or to
     imagine that death could be from any but natural causes. Sir
     Charles was a widower, and a man who may be said to have
     been in some ways of an eccentric habit of mind. In spite of
     his considerable wealth he was simple in his personal tastes,
     and bis indoor servants at Baskerville Hall consisted of a mar-
     ried couple named Barrymore, the husband acting as butler
     and the wife as housekeeper. Their evidence, corroborated
     by that of several friends, tends to show that Sir Charles's
     health has for some time been impaired, and points espe-
     cially to some affection of the heart, manifesting itself in
     changes of colour, breathlessness, and acute attacks of ner-
     vous depression. Dr. James Mortimer, the friend and medi-
     cal attendant of the deceased, has given evidence to the
     same effect.
       "The facts of the case are simple. Sir Charles Baskerville
     was in the habit every night before going to bed of walking
     down the famous yew alley of Baskerville Hall. The evi-
     dence of the Barrymores shows that this had been his
     custom. On the fourth of May Sir Charles had declared his
     intention of starting next day for London, and had ordered
     Barrymore to prepare his luggage. That night he went out as
     usual for his nocturnal walk, in the course of which he was
     in the habit of smoking a cigar. He never returned. At
     twelve o'clock Barrymore, finding the hall door still open,
     became alarmed, and, lighting a lantern, went in search of
     his master. The day had been wet, and Sir Charles's foot-
     marks were easily traced down the alley. Halfway down this
     walk there is a gate which leads out on to the moor. There
     were indications that Sir Charles had stood for some little
     time here. He then proceeded down the alley, and it was at
     the far end of it that his body was discovered. One fact
     which has not been explained is the statement of Barrymore
     that his master's footprints altered their character from the
     time that he passed the moor-gate, and that he appeared
     from thence onward to have been walking upon his toes.
     One Murphy, a gipsy horse-dealer, was on the moor at no
     great distance at the time, but he appears by his own
     confession to have been the worse for drink. He declares
     that he heard cries but is unable to state from what direction
     they came. No signs of violence were to be discovered upon
     Sir Charles's person, and though the doctor's evidence pointed
     to an almost incredible facial distortion -- so great that Dr.
     Mortimer refused at first to believe that it was indeed his
     friend and patient who lay before him -- it was explained
     that that is a symptom which is not unusual in cases of
     dyspnoea and death from cardiac exhaustion. This expla-
     nation was borne out by the post-mortem examination, which
     showed long-standing organic disease, and the coroner's
     jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evi-
     dence. It is well that this is so, for it is obviously of the
     utmost importance that Sir Charles's heir should settle at the
     Hall and continue the good work which has been so sadly
     interrupted. Had the prosaic finding of the coroner not
     finally put an end to the romantic stories which have been
     whispered in connection with the affair, it might have been
     difficult to find a tenant for Baskerville Hall. It is under-
     stood that the next of kin is Mr. Henry Baskerville, if he be
     still alive, the son of Sir Charles Baskerville's younger
     brother. The young man when last heard of was in America,
     and inquiries are being instituted with a view to informing
     him of his good fortune."
  Dr. Mortimer refolded his paper and replaced it in his pocket.
  "Those are the public facts, Mr. Holmes, in connection with
the death of Sir Charles Baskerville."
  "I must thank you," said Sherlock Holmes, "for calling my
attention to a case which certainly presents some features of
interest. I had observed some newspaper comment at the time, but
I was exceedingly preoccupied by that little affair of the Vatican
cameos, and in my anxiety to oblige the Pope I lost touch with
several interesting English cases. This article, you say, contains
all the public facts?"
  "It does."
  "Then let me have the private ones." He leaned back, put his
finger-tips together, and assumed his most impassive and judicial
