"Fair enough," admitted Arthur. "It says?"
"What?"
"The Guide says?"
"The Guide says there is an art to flying," said Ford, "or rather
a  knack. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the
ground and miss." He smiled weakly. He pointed at  the  knees  of
his  trousers  and held his arms up to show the elbows. They were
all torn and worn through.
"I haven't done very well so far," he  said.  He  stuck  out  his
hand. "I'm very glad to see you again, Arthur," he added.
Arthur  shook  his  head  in  a  sudden  access  of  emotion  and
bewilderment.
"I haven't seen anyone for years," he said, "not  anyone.  I  can
hardly  even  remember  how  to speak. I keep forgetting words. I
practise you see. I practise by talking to  ...  talking  to  ...
what  are  those  things  people think you're mad if you talk to?
Like George the Third."
"Kings?" suggested Ford.
"No, no," said Arthur. "The things he  used  to  talk  to.  We're
surrounded  by  them  for  heaven's  sake.  I've planted hundreds
myself. They all died. Trees! I practise  by  talking  to  trees.
What's that for?"
Ford still had his hand stuck  out.  Arthur  looked  at  it  with
incomprehension.
"Shake," prompted Ford.
Arthur did, nervously at first, as if it might turn out to  be  a
fish.  Then  he  grasped  it  vigorously  with  both  hands in an
overwhelming flood of relief. He shook it and shook it.
After a while Ford found it necessary to disengage. They  climbed
to  the  top  of  a nearby outcrop of rock and surveyed the scene
around them.
"What happened to the Golgafrinchans?" asked Ford.
Arthur shrugged.
"A lot of them didn't make it  through  the  winter  three  years
ago,"  he said, "and the few who remained in the spring said they
needed a holiday and set off on a raft. History  says  that  they
must have survived ..."
"Huh," said Ford, "well well." He stuck his hands on his hips and
looked  round again at the empty world. Suddenly, there was about
Ford a sense of energy and purpose.
"We're going," he said excitedly, and shivered with energy.
"Where? How?" said Arthur.
"I don't know," said Ford, "but I just  feel  that  the  time  is
right. Things are going to happen. We're on our way."
He lowered his voice to a whisper.
"I have detected," he said, "disturbances in the wash."
He gazed keenly into the distance and looked as if he would quite
like  the  wind to blow his hair back dramatically at that point,
but the wind was busy fooling around with some  leaves  a  little
way off.
Arthur asked him to repeat what  he  had  just  said  because  he
hadn't quite taken his meaning. Ford repeated it.
"The wash?" said Arthur.
"The space-time wash," said Ford, and as the  wind  blew  briefly
past at that moment, he bared his teeth into it.
Arthur nodded, and then cleared his throat.
"Are we talking about," he asked cautiously, "some sort of  Vogon
laundromat, or what are we talking about?"
"Eddies," said Ford, "in the space-time continuum."
"Ah," nodded Arthur, "is he? Is he?" He pushed his hands into the
pocket  of  his  dressing  gown and looked knowledgeably into the
distance.
"What?" said Ford.
"Er, who," said Arthur, "is Eddy, then, exactly?"
Ford looked angrily at him.
"Will you listen?" he snapped.
"I have been listening," said Arthur,  "but  I'm  not  sure  it's
helped."
Ford grasped him by the lapels of his dressing gown and spoke  to
him as slowly and distinctly and patiently as if he were somebody
from a telephone company accounts department.
"There seem ..." he said, "to be some pools  ..."  he  said,  "of
instability ..." he said, "in the fabric ..." he said ...
Arthur looked foolishly at the cloth of his dressing  gown  where
Ford  was  holding it. Ford swept on before Arthur could turn the
foolish look into a foolish remark.
"... in the fabric of space-time," he said.
"Ah, that," said Arthur.
"Yes, that," confirmed Ford.
They stood there alone on a hill on prehistoric Earth and  stared
each other resolutely in the face.
"And it's done what?" said Arthur.
"It," said Ford, "has developed pools of instability."
"Has it?" said Arthur, his eyes not wavering for a moment.
"It has," said Ford with a similar degree of ocular immobility.
"Good," said Arthur.
"See?" said Ford.
"No," said Arthur.
There was a quiet pause.
"The difficulty with this conversation," said Arthur after a sort
of  pondering  look  had  crawled  slowly  across his face like a
mountaineer negotiating a tricky  outcrop,  "is  that  it's  very
different  from  most  of  the ones I've had of late. Which, as I
explained, have mostly been with trees. They weren't  like  this.
Except  perhaps  some  of  the  ones  I've  had  with  elms which
sometimes get a bit bogged down."
"Arthur," said Ford.
"Hello? Yes?" said Arthur.
"Just believe everything I tell you, and it  will  all  be  very,
very simple."
"Ah, well I'm not sure I believe that."
They sat down and composed their thoughts.
Ford got out his  Sub-Etha  Sens-O-Matic.  It  was  making  vague
humming noises and a tiny light on it was flickering faintly.
"Flat battery?" said Arthur.
"No," said Ford, "there is a moving disturbance in the fabric  of
space-time, an eddy, a pool of instability, and it's somewhere in
our vicinity."
"Where?"
Ford moved the device in  a  slow  lightly  bobbing  semi-circle.
Suddenly the light flashed.
"There!" said Ford, shooting out his  arm.  "There,  behind  that
sofa!"
Arthur looked. Much to his surprise, there was a velvet  paisley-
covered  Chesterfield  sofa  in  the  field  in front of them. He
boggled intelligently at it. Shrewd  questions  sprang  into  his
mind.
"Why," he said, "is there a sofa in that field?"
"I told you!" shouted Ford, leaping to his feet. "Eddies  in  the
space-time continuum!"
"And this is his sofa, is it?" asked Arthur,  struggling  to  his
feet  and,  he  hoped,  though  not  very  optimistically, to his
senses.
"Arthur!" shouted Ford at him, "that sofa is there because of the
space-time  instability  I've  been trying to get your terminally
softened brain to get to grips with. It's been washed out of  the
continuum,  it's space-time jetsam, it doesn't matter what it is,
we've got to catch it, it's our only way out of here!"
He scrambled rapidly down the rocky outcrop and made  off  across
the field.
"Catch it?" muttered Arthur, then frowned in bemusement as he saw
that  the Chesterfield was lazily bobbing and wafting away across
the grass.
With a whoop of utterly unexpected delight he leapt down the rock
and  plunged  off  in  hectic  pursuit  of  Ford  Prefect and the
irrational piece of furniture.
They  careered  wildly  through  the  grass,  leaping,  laughing,
shouting  instructions  to  each other to head the thing off this
way or that way. The sun shone dreamily  on  the  swaying  grass,
tiny field animals scattered crazily in their wake.
Arthur felt happy. He was terribly pleased that the day  was  for
once  working  out so much according to plan. Only twenty minutes
ago he had decided he would  go  mad,  and  now  he  was  already
chasing  a  Chesterfield  sofa  across  the fields of prehistoric
Earth.
The sofa bobbed this way and that and seemed simultaneously to be
as solid as the trees as it drifted past some of them and hazy as
a billowing dream as it floated like a ghost through others.
Ford and Arthur pounded chaotically after it, but it  dodged  and
weaved  as  if following its own complex mathematical topography,
which it was. Still they pursued, still it danced and  span,  and
suddenly   turned  and  dipped  as  if  crossing  the  lip  of  a
catastrophe graph, and they were practically on top of it. With a
heave and a shout they leapt on it, the sun winked out, they fell
through a sickening nothingness, and emerged unexpectedly in  the
middle  of  the  pitch  at Lord's Cricked Ground, St John's Wood,
London, towards the end of the last Test Match of the  Australian
Series  in  the year 198-, with England needing only twenty-eight
runs to win.
=================================================================
Chapter 3
Important facts from Galactic history, number one:
(Reproduced from the Siderial Daily Mentioner's Book  of  popular
Galactic History.)
The night sky over the planet Krikkit is  the  least  interesting
sight in the entire Universe.
=================================================================
Chapter 4
It was a charming and delightful day at Lord's as Ford and Arthur
tumbled  haphazardly  out  of  a  space-time  anomaly and hit the
immaculate turf rather hard.
The applause of the crowd was tremendous. It wasn't for them, but
instinctively  they bowed anyway, which was fortunate because the
small red heavy ball which the crowd actually had been applauding
whistled  mere millimetres over Arthur's head. In the crowd a man
collapsed.
They threw themselves back to the ground  which  seemed  to  spin
hideously around them.
"What was that?" hissed Arthur.
"Something red," hissed Ford back at him.
"Where are we?"
"Er, somewhere green."
"Shapes," muttered Arthur. "I need shapes."
The applause of the crowd had been rapidly succeeded by gasps  of
astonishment,  and  the awkward titters of hundreds of people who
could not yet make up their minds about whether to  believe  what
they had just seen or not.
"This your sofa?" said a voice.
"What was that?" whispered Ford.
Arthur looked up.
"Something blue," he said.
"Shape?" said Ford.
Arthur looked again.
"It is shaped,"  he  hissed  at  Ford,  with  his  brow  savagely
furrowing, "like a policeman."
They remained crouched there for a few moments, frowning  deeply.
The  blue  thing  shaped like a policeman tapped them both on the
shoulders.
"Come on, you two," the shape said, "let's be having you."
These words had an electrifying effect on Arthur. He leapt to his
feet  like  an author hearing the phone ring and shot a series of
startled glanced at the panorama around him  which  had  suddenly
settled down into something of quite terrifying ordinariness.
"Where did you get this from?" he yelled at the policeman shape.
"What did you say?" said the startled shape.
"This is Lord's Cricket Ground, isn't it?" snapped Arthur. "Where
did  you  find  it,  how did you get it here? I think," he added,
clasping his hand to his brow, "that I had better calm down."  He
squatted down abruptly in front of Ford.
"It is a policeman," he said, "What do we do?"
Ford shrugged.
"What do you want to do?" he said.
"I want you," said Arthur, "to tell me that I have been  dreaming
for the last five years."
Ford shrugged again, and obliged.
"You've been dreaming for the last five years," he said.
Arthur got to his feet.
"It's all right, officer," he said. "I've been dreaming  for  the
last five years. Ask him," he added, pointing at Ford, "he was in
it."
Having said this, he sauntered off towards the edge of the pitch,
brushing  down  his  dressing  gown. He then noticed his dressing
gown and stopped. He stared  at  it.  He  flung  himself  at  the
policeman.
"So where did I get these clothes from?" he howled.
He collapsed and lay twitching on the grass.
Ford shook his head.
"He's had a bad two million years," he said to the policeman, and
together  they  heaved  Arthur on to the sofa and carried him off
the  pitch  and  were  only  briefly  hampered  by   the   sudden
disappearance of the sofa on the way.
Reaction to all this from the crowd were many and  various.  Most
of them couldn't cope with watching it, and listened to it on the
radio instead.
"Well, this is an interesting incident, Brian,"  said  one  radio
commentator  to  another.  "I  don't  think  there  have been any
mysterious materializations on the pitch since, oh since, well  I
don't think there have been any - have there? - that I recall?"
"Edgbaston, 1932?"
"Ah, now what happened then ..."
"Well, Peter, I think it was Canter facing Willcox coming  up  to
bowl from the pavilion end when a spectator suddenly ran straight
across the pitch."
There was a pause while the first commentator considered this.
"Ye ... e ... s ..." he said, "yes, there's nothing actually very
mysterious  about that, is there? He didn't actually materialize,
did he? Just ran on."
"No, that's true,  but  he  did  claim  to  have  seen  something
materialize on the pitch."
"Ah, did he?"
"Yes. An alligator, I think, of some description."
"Ah. And had anyone else noticed it?"
"Apparently not. And no one was  able  to  get  a  very  detailed
description  from  him,  so  only the most perfunctory search was
made."
"And what happened to the man?"
"Well, I think someone offered to take him off and give him  some
lunch,  but he explained that he'd already had a rather good one,
so the matter was dropped and Warwickshire  went  on  to  win  by
three wickets."
"So, not very like this current instance. For those of you who've
just  tuned  in,  you  may be interested to know that, er ... two
men, two rather scruffily attired men, and  indeed  a  sofa  -  a
Chesterfield I think?"
"Yes, a Chesterfield."
"Have just materialized here in  the  middle  of  Lord's  Cricket
Ground.  But I don't think they meant any harm, they've been very
good-natured about it, and ..."
"Sorry, can I interrupt you a moment Peter and say that the  sofa
has just vanished."
"So it has. Well, that's one mystery less. Still, it's definitely
one  for the record books I think, particularly occurring at this
dramatic moment in play, England  now  needing  only  twenty-four
runs  to  win  the  series.  The men are leaving the pitch in the
company of a police officer, and I think everyone's settling down
now and play is about to resume."
"Now, sir," said the policeman after  they  had  made  a  passage
through the curious crowd and laid Arthur's peacefully inert body
on a blanket, "perhaps you'd care to tell me who you  are,  where
you come from, and what that little scene was all about?"
Ford looked at the ground for a moment as  if  steadying  himself
for  something,  then  he straightened up and aimed a look at the
policeman which hit him with the full force of every inch of  the
six  hundred  light-years' distance between Earth and Ford's home
near Betelgeuse.
"All right," said Ford, very quietly, "I'll tell you."
"Yes,  well,  that  won't  be  necessary,"  said  the   policeman
hurriedly,  "just  don't  let whatever  it was happen again." The
policeman turned around and wandered off in search of anyone  who
wasn't from Betelgeuse. Fortunately, the ground was full of them.
Arthur's consciousness  approached  his  body  as  from  a  great
distance,  and  reluctantly.  It had had some bad times in there.
Slowly,  nervously,  it  entered  and  settled  down  in  to  its
accustomed position.
Arthur sat up.
"Where am I?" he said.
"Lord's Cricket Ground," said Ford.
"Fine," said Arthur, and his consciousness stepped out again  for
a quick breather. His body flopped back on the grass.
Ten minutes later, hunched over a cup of tea in  the  refreshment
tent, the colour started to come back to his haggard face.
"How're you feeling?" said Ford.
"I'm home," said Arthur hoarsely. He closed his eyes and greedily
inhaled  the  steam  from  his tea as if it was - well, as far as
Arthur was concerned, as if it was tea, which it was.
"I'm home," he repeated, "home. It's  England,  it's  today,  the
nightmare is over." He opened his eyes again and smiled serenely.
"I'm where I belong," he said in an emotional whisper.
"There are two things I fell which I should tell you," said Ford,
tossing a copy of the Guardian over the table at him.
"I'm home," said Arthur.
"Yes," said Ford. "One is," he said pointing at the date  at  the
top of the paper, "that the Earth will be demolished in two days'
time."
"I'm home," said Arthur. "Tea," he said, "cricket," he added with
pleasure,  "mown grass, wooden benches, white linen jackets, beer
cans ..."
Slowly he began to focus on the newspaper. He cocked his head  on
one side with a slight frown.
"I've seen that one before," he said. His eyes wandered slowly up
to the date, which Ford was idly tapping at. His face froze for a
second or two and then began to do that  terribly  slow  crashing
trick which Arctic ice-floes do so spectacularly in the spring.
"And the other thing," said Ford, "is that you appear to  have  a
bone in your beard." He tossed back his tea.
Outside the refreshment tent, the sun  was  shining  on  a  happy
crowd.  It  shone  on  white  hats and red faces. It shone on ice
lollies and melted them. It shone on the tears of small  children
whose  ice  lollies  had just melted and fallen off the stick. It
shone on the trees, it flashed  off  whirling  cricket  bats,  it
gleamed  off  the  utterly  extraordinary object which was parked
behind the  sight-screens  and  which  nobody  appeared  to  have
noticed.  It  beamed  on Ford and Arthur as they emerged blinking
from the refreshment tent and surveyed the scene around them.
Arthur was shaking.
"Perhaps," he said, "I should ..."
"No," said Ford sharply.
"What?" said Arthur.
"Don't try and phone yourself up at home."
"How did you know ...?"
Ford shrugged.
"But why not?" said Arthur.
"People who talk to themselves on the phone," said  Ford,  "never
learn anything to their advantage."
"But ..."
"Look," said Ford. He picked up an imaginary phone and dialled an
imaginary dial.
"Hello?" he said into the imaginary mouthpiece. "Is  that  Arthur
Dent?  Ah,  hello,  yes. This is Arthur Dent speaking. Don't hang
up."
He looked at the imaginary mouthpiece in disappointment.
"He hung up," he said, shrugged,  and  put  the  imaginary  phone
neatly back on its imaginary hook.
"This is not my first temporal anomaly," he added.
A glummer look replaced the already glum look  on  Arthur  Dent's
face.
"So we're not home and dry," he said.
"We could not even be  said,"  replied  Ford,  "to  be  home  and
vigorously towelling ourselves off."
The game continued. The bowler approached the wicket at a lope, a
trot,  and  then  a run. He suddenly exploded in a flurry of arms
and legs, out of  which  flew  a  ball.  The  batsman  swung  and
thwacked  it  behind  him  over  the  sight-screens.  Ford's eyes
followed the trajectory of the ball and  jogged  momentarily.  He
stiffened.  He looked along the flight path of the ball again and
his eyes twitched again.
"This isn't my towel," said Arthur,  who  was  rummaging  in  his
rabbit-skin bag.
"Shhh," said Ford. He screwed his eyes up in concentration.
"I had a Golgafrinchan jogging towel," continued Arthur, "it  was
blue with yellow stars on it. This isn't it."
"Shhh," said Ford again. He covered one eye and looked  with  the
other.
"This one's pink," said Arthur, "it isn't yours is it?"
"I would like you to shut up about your towel," said Ford.
"It isn't my towel," insisted Arthur, "that is  the  point  I  am
trying to ..."
"And the time at which I would like you to  shut  up  about  it,"
continued Ford in a low growl, "is now."
"All right," said Arthur, starting to  stuff  it  back  into  the
primitively  stitched  rabbit-skin  bag.  "I  realize  that it is
probably not important in the cosmic scale of things,  it's  just
odd,  that's  all.  A  pink towel suddenly, instead of a blue one
with yellow stars."
Ford was beginning to behave  rather  strangely,  or  rather  not
actually beginning to behave strangely but beginning to behave in
a way which was strangely different from the other  strange  ways
in  which  he more regularly behaved. What he was doing was this.
Regardless of the bemused stares it was provoking from his fellow
members  of the crowd gathered round the pitch, he was waving his
hands in sharp movements across his  face,  ducking  down  behind
some  people,  leaping  up behind others, then standing still and
blinking a lot. After a moment or two of this he started to stalk
forward   slowly  and  stealthily  wearing  a  puzzled  frown  of
concentration, like a leopard that's not sure whether  it's  just
seen  a  half-empty tin of cat food half a mile away across a hot
and dusty plain.
"This isn't my bag either," said Arthur suddenly.
Ford's spell of concentration was broken. He  turned  angrily  on
Arthur.
"I  wasn't  talking  about  my  towel,"   said   Arthur.   "We've
established  that  that  isn't  mine. It's just that the bag into
which I was putting the towel which is not mine is also not mine,
though it is extraordinarily similar. Now personally I think that
that is extremely odd, especially as  the  bag  was  one  I  made
myself  on  prehistoric  Earth. These are also not my stones," he
added, pulling a few flat grey stones out  of  the  bag.  "I  was
making  a  collection of interesting stones and these are clearly
very dull ones."
A roar of excitement thrilled through the crowd  and  obliterated
whatever  it  was  that  Ford  said  in  reply  to  this piece of
information. The cricket ball which  had  excited  this  reaction
fell  out  of the sky and dropped neatly into Arthur's mysterious
rabbit-skin bag.
"Now I would say that that was also a very curious  event,"  said
Arthur,  rapidly  closing  the bag and pretending to look for the
ball on the ground.
"I don't think  it's  here,"  he  said  to  the  small  boys  who
immediately  clustered  round  him  to  join  in  the search, "it
probably rolled off somewhere. Over there I expect."  He  pointed
vaguely  in the direction in which he wished they would push off.
One of the boys looked at him quizzically.
"You all right?" said the boy.
"No," said Arthur.
"Then why you got a bone in your beard?" said the boy.
"I'm training it to like being wherever it's put." Arthur  prided
himself  on  saying this. It was, he thought, exactly the sort of
thing which would entertain and stimulate young minds.
"Oh," said the small boy,  putting  his  head  to  one  side  and
thinking about it. "What's your name?"
"Dent," said Arthur, "Arthur Dent."
"You're a jerk, Dent," said the boy, "a  complete  asshole."  The
boy  looked past him at something else, to show that he wasn't in
any  particular  hurry  to  run  away,  and  then  wandered   off
scratching  his  nose.  Suddenly Arthur remembered that the Earth
was going to be demolished again in two days' time, and just this
once didn't feel too bad about it.
Play resumed with a new ball, the sun continued to shine and Ford
continued to jump up and down shaking his head and blinking.
"Something's on your mind, isn't it?" said Arthur.
"I think," said Ford in a tone  of  voice  which  Arthur  by  now
recognized    as    one    which   presaged   something   utterly
unintelligible, "that there's an SEP over there."
He pointed. Curiously enough, the direction he pointed in was not
the  one  in  which  he  was  looking.  Arthur  looked in the one
direction, which was towards the sight-screens, and in the  other
which  was  at  the  field  of  play.  He nodded, he shrugged. He
shrugged again.
"A what?" he said.
"An SEP."
"An S ...?"
"... EP."
"And what's that?"
"Somebody Else's Problem."
"Ah, good," said Arthur and relaxed. He had no idea what all that
was about, but at least it seemed to be over. It wasn't.
"Over there," said Ford, again pointing at the sight-screens  and
looking at the pitch.
"Where?" said Arthur.
"There!" said Ford.
"I see," said Arthur, who didn't.
"You do?" said Ford.
"What?" said Arthur.
"Can you see," said Ford patiently, "the SEP?"
"I thought you said that was somebody else's problem."
"That's right."
Arthur nodded slowly,  carefully  and  with  an  air  of  immense
stupidity.
"And I want to know," said Ford, "if you can see it."
"You do?"
"Yes."
"What," said Arthur, "does it look like?"
"Well, how should I know, you fool?" shouted Ford.  "If  you  can
see it, you tell me."
Arthur experienced that dull throbbing sensation just behind  the
temples which was a hallmark of so many of his conversations with
Ford. His brain lurked like a frightened  puppy  in  its  kennel.
Ford took him by the arm.
"An SEP," he said, "is something that we can't see, or don't see,
or  our  brain  doesn't  let  us  see, because we think that it's
somebody else's problem. That's what SEP means.  Somebody  Else's
Problem.  The brain just edits it out, it's like a blind spot. If
you look at  it  directly  you  won't  see  it  unless  you  know
precisely  what  it is. Your only hope is to catch it by surprise
out of the corner of your eye."
"Ah," said Arthur, "then that's why ..."
"Yes," said Ford, who knew what Arthur was going to say.
"... you've been jumping up and ..."
"Yes."
"... down, and blinking ..."
"Yes."
"... and ..."
"I think you've got the message."
"I can see it," said Arthur, "it's a spaceship."
For a moment Arthur was stunned by the reaction  this  revelation
provoked. A roar erupted from the crowd, and from every direction
people were running, shouting, yelling, tumbling over each  other
in  a  tumult  of confusion. He stumbled back in astonishment and
glanced fearfully around. Then he glanced around  again  in  even
greater astonishment.
"Exciting, isn't it?" said an apparition. The apparition  wobbled
in  front  of  Arthur's  eyes,  though the truth of the matter is
probably that  Arthur's  eyes  were  wobbling  in  front  of  the
apparition. His mouth wobbled as well.
"W ... w ... w ... w ..." his mouth said.
"I think your team have just won," said the apparition.
"W ... w ... w ... w ..." repeated Arthur,  and  punctuated  each
wobble  with  a  prod at Ford Prefect's back. Ford was staring at
the tumult in trepidation.
"You are English, aren't you?" said the apparition.
"W ... w ... w ... w ... yes" said Arthur.
"Well, your team, as I say, have just won. The  match.  It  means
they  retain the Ashes. You must be very pleased. I must say, I'm
rather fond of cricket, though I  wouldn't  like  anyone  outside
this planet to hear me saying that. Oh dear no."
The apparition gave what looked  as  if  it  might  have  been  a
mischievous  grin,  but  it  was hard to tell because the sun was
directly behind him, creating a blinding halo round his head  and
illuminating  his  silver  hair  and  beard  in  a  way which was
awesome, dramatic and hard to reconcile with mischievous grins.
"Still," he said, "it'll all be over in a couple of  days,  won't
it?  Though  as  I said to you when we last met, I was very sorry
about that. Still, whatever will have been, will have been."
Arthur tried to speak, but  gave  up  the  unequal  struggle.  He
prodded Ford again.
"I thought something terrible had happened," said Ford, "but it's
just  the  end  of  the  game.  We  ought  to get out. Oh, hello,
Slartibartfast, what are you doing here?"
"Oh, pottering, pottering," said the old man gravely.
"That your ship? Can you give us a lift anywhere?"
"Patience, patience," the old man admonished.
"OK," said Ford. "It's  just  that  this  planet's  going  to  be
demolished pretty soon."
"I know that," said Slartibartfast.
"And, well, I just wanted to make that point," said Ford.
"The point is taken."
And if you feel that you really want to  hang  around  a  cricket
pitch at this point ..."
"I do."
"Then it's your ship."
"It is."
"I suppose." Ford turned away sharply at this point.
"Hello, Slartibartfast," said Arthur at last.
"Hello, Earthman," said Slartibartfast.
"After all," said Ford, "we can only die once."
The old man ignored this and stared keenly on to the pitch,  with
eyes  that  seemed  alive  with  expressions that had no apparent
bearing on what was happening out there. What was  happening  was
that  the crowd was gathering itself into a wide circle round the
centre of the pitch. What Slartibartfast  saw  in  it,  he  alone
knew.
Ford was humming something. It was  just  one  note  repeated  at
intervals.  He was hoping that somebody would ask him what he was
humming, but nobody did. If anybody had asked him he  would  have
said  he  was humming the first line of a Noel Coward song called
"Mad About the Boy" over and over again. It would then have  been
pointed out to him that he was only singing one note, to which he
would have replied that for  reasons  which  he  hoped  would  be
apparent, he was omitting the "about the boy" bit. He was annoyed
that nobody asked.
"It's just," he burst out at last, "that if we don't go soon,  we
might  get  caught  in  the  middle  of it all again. And there's
nothing that  depresses  me  more  than  seeing  a  planet  being
destroyed.  Except  possibly  still  being on it when it happens.
Or," he added in an undertone, "hanging around cricket matches."
"Patience," said Slartibartfast again. "Great things are afoot."
"That's what you said last time we met," said Arthur.
"They were," said Slartibartfast.
"Yes, that's true," admitted Arthur.
All, however, that seemed to be afoot  was  a  ceremony  of  some
kind.  It was being specially staged for the benefit of tv rather
than the spectators, and all they  could  gather  about  it  from
where they were standing was what they heard from a nearby radio.
Ford was aggressively uninterested.
He fretted as he heard it explained that the Ashes were about  to
be  presented to the Captain of the English team out there on the
pitch, fumed when told that this was because  they  had  now  won
them  for  the  nth time, positively barked with annoyance at the
information that the Ashes were the remains of a  cricket  stump,
and  when, further to this, he was asked to contend with the fact
that the cricket stump in question had been burnt  in  Melbourne,
Australia, in 1882, to signify the "death of English cricket", he
rounded on Slartibartfast, took a deep breath, but didn't have  a
chance  to  say anything because the old man wasn't there. He was
marching out on to the pitch with terrible purpose in  his  gait,
his  hair, beard and robes swept behind him, looking very much as
Moses would have looked if Sinai had been a well-cut lawn instead
of, as it is more usually represented, a fiery smoking mountain.
"He said to meet him at his ship," said Arthur.
"What in the name of zarking fardwarks is the  old  fool  doing?"
exploded Ford.
"Meeting us at his ship in two minutes," said Arthur with a shrug
which  indicated  total  abdication  of thought. They started off
towards it. Strange sounds reached their ears. They tried not  to
listen,  but  could  not  help  noticing  that Slartibartfast was
querulously demanding that he be given the silver urn  containing
the  Ashes,  as  they  were,  he said, "vitally important for the
past, present and future safety of the Galaxy", and that this was
causing wild hilarity. They resolved to ignore it.
What happened next they could not ignore. With  a  noise  like  a
hundred  thousand  people  saying "wop", a steely white spaceship
suddenly seemed to create  itself  out  of  nothing  in  the  air
directly  above  the  cricket  pitch and hung there with infinite
menace and a slight hum.
Then for a while it did nothing, as if it expected  everybody  to
go  about  their  normal  business  and  not mind it just hanging
there.
Then it did something quite extraordinary. Or rather,  it  opened
up  and  let something quite extraordinary come out of it, eleven
quite extraordinary things.
They were robots, white robots.
What was most extraordinary about them was that they appeared  to
have come dressed for the occasion. Not only were they white, but
they carried what appeared to be cricket bats, and not only that,
but  they also carried what appeared to be cricket balls, and not
only that but they wore white ribbing pads round the lower  parts
of  their  legs.  These  last  were  extraordinary  because  they
appeared to contain jets which allowed these curiously  civilized
robots  to  fly  down  from their hovering spaceship and start to
kill people, which is what they did
"Hello," said Arthur, "something seems to be happening."
"Get to the ship," shouted Ford. "I don't want to know,  I  don't
want to see, I don't want to hear," he yelled as he ran, "this is
not my planet, I didn't choose to be here, I don't  want  to  get
involved,  just  get  me out of here, and get me to a party, with
people I can relate to!"
Smoke and flame billowed from the pitch.
"Well, the supernatural brigade certainly  seems  to  be  out  in
force here today ..." burbled a radio happily to itself.
"What I need," shouted Ford, by way of  clarifying  his  previous
remarks,  "is  a  strong drink and a peer-group." He continued to
run, pausing only for a moment to grab Arthur's arm and drag  him
along  with him. Arthur had adopted his normal crisis role, which
was to stand with his mouth hanging open and let it all wash over
him.
"They're playing cricket," muttered Arthur, stumbling along after
Ford.  "I  swear they are playing cricket. I do not know why they
are doing this, but that is what they are doing. They're not just
killing  people,  they're  sending  them  up," he shouted, "Ford,
they're sending us up!"
It would have been hard to  disbelieve  this  without  knowing  a
great  deal  more Galactic history than Arthur had so far managed
to pick up in his travels. The ghostly but  violent  shapes  that
could  be seen moving within the thick pall of smoke seemed to be
performing a series of bizarre parodies of batting  strokes,  the
difference  being  that  every  ball  they struck with their bats
exploded wherever it landed. The very  first  one  of  these  had
dispelled  Arthur's  initial reaction, that the whole thing might
just be a publicity stunt by Australian margarine manufacturers.
And then, as suddenly as it had all started,  it  was  over.  The
eleven  white  robots  ascended  through  the seething cloud in a
tight formation, and with a few last flashes of flame entered the
bowels  of  their hovering white ship, which, with the noise of a
hundred thousand people saying "foop", promptly vanished into the
thin air out of which it had wopped.
For a moment there was a terrible stunned silence, and  then  out
of  the  drifting smoke emerged the pale figure of Slartibartfast
looking even more like Moses because in spite  of  the  continued
absence  of  the  mountain  he was at least now striding across a
fiery and smoking well-mown lawn.
He stared wildly about him until he saw the hurrying  figures  of
Arthur  Dent  and  Ford  Prefect  forcing  their  way through the
frightened crowd which was for the moment busy stampeding in  the
opposite  direction.  The  crowd  was  clearly thinking to itself
about what an unusual day this was turning out  to  be,  and  not
really knowing which way, if any, to turn.
Slartibartfast was gesturing urgently  at  Ford  and  Arthur  and
shouting at them, as the three of them gradually converged on his
ship, still parked behind the sight-screens and still  apparently
unnoticed  by  the  crowd  stampeding  past it who presumably had
enough of their own problems to cope with at that time.
"They've garble warble farble!"  shouted  Slartibartfast  in  his
thin tremulous voice.
"What did he say?" panted Ford as he elbowed his way onwards.
Arthur shook his head.
"`They've ...' something or other," he said.
"They've table warble farble!" shouted Slartibartfast again.
Ford and Arthur shook their heads at each other.
"It sounds urgent," said Arthur. He stopped and shouted.
"What?"
"They've  garble  warble  fashes!"  cried  Slartibartfast,  still
waving at them.
"He says," said Arthur, "that they've taken the  Ashes.  That  is
what I think he says." They ran on.
"The ...?" said Ford.
"Ashes," said Arthur tersely. "The burnt  remains  of  a  cricket
stump.  It's  a  trophy.  That  ..."  he  was  panting,  "is  ...
apparently ... what they ... have come and taken." He  shook  his
head very slightly as if he was trying to get his brain to settle
down lower in his skull.
"Strange thing to want to tell us," snapped Ford.
"Strange thing to take."
"Strange ship."
They had arrived at it. The second strangest thing about the ship
was  watching  the  Somebody  Else's  Problem field at work. They
could now clearly see the ship for what  it  was  simply  because
they  knew  it  was  there.  It was quite apparent, however, that
nobody else could. This wasn't because it was actually  invisible
or  anything  hyper-impossible like that. The technology involved
in making anything invisible is so infinitely complex  that  nine
hundred  and  ninety-nine  thousand  million,  nine  hundred  and
ninety-nine million, nine hundred and ninety-nine thousand,  nine
hundred and ninety-nine times out of a billion it is much simpler
and more effective just to take the thing away and do without it.
The  ultra-famous  sciento-magician  Effrafax of Wug once bet his
life that, given a year, he could render the  great  megamountain
Magramal entirely invisible.
Having spent most of the year jiggling around with  immense  Lux-
O-Valves and Refracto-Nullifiers and Spectrum-Bypass-O-Matics, he
realized, with nine hours to go, that he wasn't going to make it.
So, he and  his  friends,  and  his  friends'  friends,  and  his
friends'  friends'  friends,  and  his friends' friends' friends'
friends, and some rather less good friends of theirs who happened
to  own  a  major  stellar  trucking  company, put in what now is
widely recognized as being the hardest night's work  in  history,
and,  sure  enough,  on the following day, Magramal was no longer
visible. Effrafax lost his bet - and therefore his life -  simply
because some pedantic adjudicating official noticed (a) that when
walking around the area that Magramal ought to be he didn't  trip
over  or break his nose on anything, and (b) a suspicious-looking
extra moon.
The Somebody Else's  Problem  field  is  much  simpler  and  more
effective, and what's more can be run for over a hundred years on
a single torch battery. This is because  it  relies  on  people's
natural  disposition  not  to  see  anything  they don't want to,
weren't expecting, or can't explain. If Effrafax had painted  the
mountain  pink  and  erected  a  cheap and simple Somebody Else's
Problem field on it, then  people  would  have  walked  past  the
mountain,  round  it, even over it, and simply never have noticed
that the thing was there.
And this is precisely what was  happening  with  Slartibartfast's
ship.  It  wasn't  pink, but if it had been, that would have been
the least of its visual problems and people were simply  ignoring
it like anything.
The most extraordinary thing about it was  that  it  looked  only
partly  like  a  spaceship with guidance fins, rocket engines and
escape hatches and so on, and a great deal like a  small  upended
Italian bistro.
Ford and Arthur  gazed  up  at  it  with  wonderment  and  deeply
offended sensibilities.
"Yes, I know," said Slartibartfast, hurrying up to them  at  that
point,  breathless and agitated, "but there is a reason. Come, we
must go. The ancient nightmare is come again. Doom  confronts  us
all. We must leave at once."
"I fancy somewhere sunny," said Ford.
Ford and Arthur followed Slartibartfast into the ship and were so
perplexed  by  what  they  saw  inside  it that they were totally
unaware of what happened next outside.
A spaceship, yet another one, but  this  one  sleek  and  silver,
descended  from  the  sky on to the pitch, quietly, without fuss,
its long legs unlocking in a smooth ballet of technology.
It landed gently. It extended a short  ramp.  A  tall  grey-green
figure  marched  briskly  out  and  approached  the small knot of
people who were gathered in the centre of the  pitch  tending  to
the  casualties  of  the recent bizarre massacre. It moved people
aside with quiet, understated authority, and came at  last  to  a
man  lying  in  a desperate pool of blood, clearly now beyond the
reach of any Earthly medicine, breathing, coughing his last.  The
figure knelt down quietly beside him.
"Arthur Philip Deodat?" asked the figure.
The man, with horrified confusion in eyes, nodded feebly.
"You're a no-good dumbo  nothing,"  whispered  the  creature.  "I
thought you should know that before you went."
=================================================================
Chapter 5
Important facts from Galactic history, number two:
(Reproduced from the Siderial Daily Mentioner's Book  of  popular
Galactic History.)
Since this  Galaxy  began,  vast  civilizations  have  risen  and
fallen,  risen  and  fallen,  risen and fallen so often that it's
quite tempting to think that life in the Galaxy must be
(a) something akin to seasick - space-sick,  time  sick,  history
sick or some such thing, and
(b) stupid.
=================================================================
Chapter 6
It seemed to Arthur as if the whole sky suddenly just stood aside
and let them through.
It seemed to him that the atoms of his brain and the atoms of the
cosmos were streaming through each other.
It seemed to him that he was blown on the wind of  the  Universe,
and that the wind was him.
It seemed to him that he was one of the thoughts of the  Universe
and that the Universe was a thought of his.
It seemed to the people at Lord's  Cricket  Ground  that  another
North  London  restaurant had just come and gone as they so often
do, and that this was Somebody Else's Problem.
"What happened?" whispered Arthur in considerable awe.
"We took off," said Slartibartfast.
Arthur lay in startled stillness on the  acceleration  couch.  He
wasn't   certain  whether  he  had  just  got  space-sickness  or
religion.
"Nice mover," said Ford in an unsuccessful  attempt  to  disguise
the   degree   to   which   he   had   been   impressed  by  what
Slartibartfast's ship had just done, "shame about the decor."
For a moment or two the old man didn't reply. He was  staring  at
the  instruments  with  the  air  of one who is trying to convert
fahrenheit to centigrade in his head whilst his house is  burning
down.  Then  his  brow  cleared and he stared for a moment at the
wide  panoramic  screen  in  front  of  him,  which  displayed  a
bewildering  complexity  of  stars  streaming like silver threads
around them.
His lips moved as if he was trying to spell  something.  Suddenly
his  eyes  darted  in alarm back to his instruments, but then his
expression merely subsided into a steady frown. He looked back up
at  the  screen.  He felt his own pulse. His frown deepened for a
moment, then he relaxed.
"It's a mistake to try  and  understand  mathematics,"  he  said,
"they only worry me. What did you say?"
"Decor," said Ford. "Pity about it."
"Deep in the  fundamental  heart  of  mind  and  Universe,"  said
Slartibartfast, "there is a reason."
Ford glanced sharply around. He clearly thought this  was  taking
an optimistic view of things.
The interior of the flight deck was dark green,  dark  red,  dark
brown,  cramped and moodily lit. Inexplicably, the resemblance to
a small Italian bistro had failed to end at the  hatchway.  Small
pools  of light picked out pot plants, glazed tiles and all sorts
of little unidentifiable brass things.
Rafia-wrapped bottles lurked hideously in the shadows.
The instruments which  had  occupied  Slartibartfast's  attention
seemed  to  be mounted in the bottom of bottles which were set in
concrete.
Ford reached out and touched it.
Fake concrete. Plastic. Fake bottles set in fake concrete.
The fundamental heart of mind and Universe  can  take  a  running
jump,  he thought to himself, this is rubbish. On the other hand,
it could not be denied that the way the ship had moved  made  the
Heart of Gold seem like an electric pram.
He swung himself off the  couch.  He  brushed  himself  down.  He
looked at Arthur who was singing quietly to himself. He looked at
the screen and recognized nothing. He looked at Slartibartfast.
"How far did we just travel?" he said.
"About ..." said Slartibartfast, "about two  thirds  of  the  way
across  the Galactic disc, I would say, roughly. Yes, roughly two
thirds, I think."
"It's a strange thing," said Arthur quietly,  "that  the  further
and  faster  one  travels  across  the  Universe,  the more one's
position in it seems to be largely immaterial, and one is  filled
with a profound, or rather emptied of a ..."
"Yes, very strange," said Ford. "Where are we going?"
"We are going," said  Slartibartfast,  "to  confront  an  ancient
nightmare of the Universe."
"And where are you going to drop us off?"
"I will need your help."
"Tough. Look, there's somewhere you can take us where we can have
fun, I'm trying to think of it, we can get drunk and maybe listen
to some extremely evil music. Hold on, I'll look it up."  He  dug
out  his copy of The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy and tipped
through those parts of the index primarily concerned with sex and
drugs and rock and roll.
"A curse has arisen from the mists of time," said Slartibartfast.
"Yes,  I  expect  so,"  said  Ford.  "Hey,"  he  said,   lighting
accidentally  on  one  particular  reference  entry,  "Eccentrica
Gallumbits, did you ever meet her? The triple-breasted  whore  of
Eroticon Six. Some people say her erogenous zones start some four
miles from her actual body. Me, I disagree, I say five."
"A curse," said Slartibartfast, "which will engulf the Galaxy  in
fire  and  destruction,  and  possibly  bring  the  Universe to a
premature doom. I mean it," he added.
"Sounds like a bad time," said Ford, "with  look  I'll  be  drunk
enough  not to notice. Here," he said, stabbing his finger at the
screen of the Guide, "would be a really wicked place to go, and I
think  we  should. What do you say, Arthur? Stop mumbling mantras
and pay attention. There's important stuff you're missing here."
Arthur pushed himself up from his couch and shook his head.
"Where are we going?" he said.
"To confront an ancient night-"
"Can it," said Ford. "Arthur, we are going out into the Galaxy to
have some fun. Is that an idea you can cope with?"
"What's Slartibartfast looking so anxious about?" said Arthur.
"Nothing," said Ford.
"Doom,"  said  Slartibartfast.  "Come,"  he  added,  with  sudden
authority, "there is much I must show and tell you."
He walked towards  a  green  wrought-iron  spiral  staircase  set
incomprehensibly  in the middle of the flight deck and started to
ascend. Arthur, with a frown, followed.
Ford slung the Guide sullenly back into his satchel.
"My doctor says that I have a malformed public-duty gland  and  a
natural  deficiency in moral fibre," he muttered to himself, "and
that I am therefore excused from saving Universes."
Nevertheless, he stomped up the stairs behind them.
What they found upstairs was just stupid, or so  it  seemed,  and
Ford  shook  his  head,  buried his face in his hands and slumped
against a pot plant, crushing it against the wall.
"The   central   computational   area,"    said    Slartibartfast
unperturbed,  "this is where every calculation affecting the ship
in any way is performed. Yes I know what it looks like, but it is
in  fact a complex four-dimensional topographical map of a series
of highly complex mathematical functions."
"It looks like a joke," said Arthur.
"I know what it looks like," said Slartibartfast, and  went  into
it.  As  he  did  so,  Arthur had a sudden vague flash of what it
might mean, but he refused to believe it. The Universe could  not
possibly  work  like  that, he thought, cannot possibly. That, he
thought to himself, would be as absurd as ... he terminated  that
line of thinking. Most of the really absurd things he could think
of had already happened.
And this was one of them.
It was a large glass cage, or box - in fact a room.
In it was a table, a long one. Around it were  gathered  about  a
dozen  chairs,  of the bentwood style. On it was a tablecloth - a
grubby,  red  and  white  check  tablecloth,  scarred  with   the
occasional   cigarette  burn,  each,  presumably,  at  a  precise
calculated mathematical position.
And on the tablecloth sat some half-eaten Italian  meals,  hedged
about with half-eaten breadsticks and half-drunk glasses of wine,
and toyed with listlessly by robots.
It was  all  completely  artificial.  The  robot  customers  were
attended  by  a  robot  waiter,  a  robot wine waiter and a robot
maetre  d'.  The  furniture  was   artificial,   the   tablecloth
artificial, and each particular piece of food was clearly capable
of exhibiting all the mechanical characteristics of, say, a pollo
sorpreso, without actually being one.
And all participated in a  little  dance  together  -  a  complex
routine  involving the manipulation of menus, bill pads, wallets,
cheque books, credit cards, watches, pencils and  paper  napkins,
which  seemed  to be hovering constantly on the edge of violence,
but never actually getting anywhere.
Slartibartfast hurried in, and then appeared to pass the time  of
day  quite  idly  with  the maetre d', whilst one of the customer
robots, an autorory, slid slowly under the table, mentioning what
he intended to do to some guy over some girl.
Slartibartfast took over the seat which had been thus vacated and
passed a shrewd eye over the menu. The tempo of the routine round
the table seemed  somehow  imperceptibly  to  quicken.  Arguments
broke  out,  people  attempted  to  prove things on napkins. They
waved fiercely at each  other,  and  attempted  to  examine  each
other's pieces of chicken. The waiter's hand began to move on the
bill pad more quickly than a human hand could  manage,  and  then
more quickly than a human eye could follow. The pace accelerated.
Soon, an extraordinary and insistent politeness  overwhelmed  the
group, and seconds later it seemed that a moment of consensus was
suddenly achieved. A new vibration thrilled through the ship.
Slartibartfast emerged from the glass room.
"Bistromathics," he said. "The most powerful computational  force
known   to   parascience.  Come  to  the  Room  of  Informational
Illusions."
He swept past and carried them bewildered in his wake.
=================================================================
Chapter 7
The Bistromatic Drive is a wonderful new method of crossing  vast
interstellar  distances  without all that dangerous mucking about
with Improbability Factors.
Bistromathics  itself  is  simply  a  revolutionary  new  way  of
understanding the behaviour of numbers. Just as Einstein observed
that time was not an absolute  but  depended  on  the  observer's
movement  in  space,  and  that  space  was  not an absolute, but
depended on the  observer's  movement  in  time,  so  it  is  now
realized  that  numbers  are  not  absolute,  but  depend  on the
observer's movement in restaurants.
The first non-absolute number is the number of  people  for  whom
the  table  is  reserved. This will vary during the course of the
first three telephone calls to the restaurant, and then  bear  no
apparent  relation  to the number of people who actually turn up,
or to the number of people who subsequently join them  after  the
show/match/party/gig,  or  to the number of people who leave when
they see who else has turned up.
The second non-absolute number is  the  given  time  of  arrival,
which   is  now  known  to  be  one  of  those  most  bizarre  of
mathematical concepts,  a  recipriversexcluson,  a  number  whose
existence  can  only  be  defined  as  being  anything other than
itself. In other words, the given time  of  arrival  is  the  one
moment  of  time at which it is impossible that any member of the
party will arrive. Recipriversexclusons now play a vital part  in
many  branches of maths, including statistics and accountancy and
also form the basic  equations  used  to  engineer  the  Somebody
Else's Problem field.
The third and most mysterious piece of  non-absoluteness  of  all
lies in the relationship between the number of items on the bill,
the cost of each item, the number of people  at  the  table,  and
what they are each prepared to pay for. (The number of people who
have actually brought any money is only a sub-phenomenon in  this
field.)
The baffling discrepancies which used  to  occur  at  this  point
remained  uninvestigated for centuries simply because no one took
them seriously. They were at the time put down to such things  as
politeness,    rudeness,    meanness,    flashness,    tiredness,
emotionality,  or  the  lateness  of  the  hour,  and  completely
forgotten  about on the following morning. They were never tested
under  laboratory  conditions,  of  course,  because  they  never
occurred  in  laboratories  -  not  in  reputable laboratories at
least.
And so it was only with the advent of pocket computers  that  the
startling truth became finally apparent, and it was this:
Numbers written  on  restaurant  bills  within  the  confines  of
restaurants  do  not follow the same mathematical laws as numbers
written on any other pieces of paper in any other  parts  of  the
Universe.
This  single  fact  took  the  scientific  world  by  storm.   It
completely  revolutionized  it.  So many mathematical conferences
got held in such good restaurants that many of the  finest  minds
of a generation died of obesity and heart failure and the science
of maths was put back by years.
Slowly, however,  the  implications  of  the  idea  began  to  be
understood.  To  begin with it had been too stark, too crazy, too
much what the man in the street would have said, "Oh yes, I could
have  told  you that," about. Then some phrases like "Interactive
Subjectivity Frameworks" were invented, and everybody was able to
relax and get on with it.
