*one* missile launcher may be fired at that target with a to hit modifier 
of -1 since the TAG laser has a more definate lock on the target and feeds 
its information to the selected missile launcher.  Multiple TAG lasers are 
needed for multiple launcher assists and can only assist in missile shots 
at the TAGed target. TAG can be combined with any missile launcher or 
targeting enhancement.  TAG is useless with Thunder and Swarm munitions.  
There is no additional cost to launchers or munitions to use TAG.  The C^3 
system's capability to emulate TAG does not get the -1 to hit missile 
bonus.
	16)  NARC Pods.  The NARC as presented in the rules is, well, to 
put it bluntly, pretty wimpy.  Here are the modifications suggested:
		A)  Any missile equipped attack against a NARCed target 
	has a -1 to hit and a +2 on the missile chart instead of just the 
	+2 to missile hit chart modifier as presented in the rules 
	originally.
		B)  Record the hit location of where the NARC beacon will 
	hit.  Once that location has been destroyed (Mech arm destroyed or 
	blown off) then the NARC beacon is lost also.
		C)  NARC and Artemis are still incompatible.
		D)  The idea of special NARC missiles has been discarded.  
	All normal missiles and those not specifically mentioned are "NARC 
	compatible."
	17) Artemis.  The only change to the Artemis is that Artemis 
assisted BRM attacks get an additional D6 (D6-1, D3) to determine the 
number of missiles that hit.
	18) Anti-Missile System (AMS) Ammunition, Anti-Missile Laser (AML), 
and Pulse Anti-Missile Laser (PAML)
	  Was somebody smoking dope at FASA and not invite us?  Why does 
the original rules state that AMS get only 12 reloads?  Especially if you 
can expend all 12 in one shot?  And treat an AMS ammo hit as machine gun ammo? 
Hello?  Is this thing on?
		A)  Increase AMS ammunition to 50 shots per ton.  Even that 
	is being mean.  
		B)  The Anti Missile Laser is an energy weapon based 
	version of the AMS.  It operates exactly like an AMS except that 
	there is no ammunition to go with the weapon.  After the AML has 
	been used roll 2D6.  If a two is rolled then the focusing mechanism 
	has been overstressed and has broken.  The AML cannot be used until 
	repaired.
		C)  The Pulse Anti-Missile Laser is a pulse energy weapon 
	based version of the AMS.  It operates exactly like an AML except 
	that the PAML can engage twice per turn and the heat generated is 
	1D6 per engaging.  After each time that the PAML is engaged roll 
	2D6, if a two is rolled the PAML's focusing device is damaged.  
	This will knock out the PAML until repaired.  If the PAML is 
	damaged on it's first use of the turn then it cannot be used again, 
	that turn or for the rest of the game.
	19) Icewind.  The Icewind system is not an offensive weapon but a 
defensive heat reducing system.  It is a bottle of non-flammable gas in 
liquid state under compression.  When the ambiant temperature of the mech 
reaches a preset level the easy melt cap of the bottle melts, releasing a 
cold cloud of vapor into the interior of the mech, cooling the mech off.
		A)  For every Icewind installed put a line on the heat 
	scale.  This represents the setting of the Icewind.  If multiple 
	Icewinds are mounted settings can be put on the same line. 
		B)  Resolve the heat buildup for the mech normally.  If the 
	final heat level for that turn is above the rating of the 
	Icewind(s) then each Icewind that it is above releases.  For each 
	Icewind that releases reduce the heat scale by 4 points.  That is 
	the final heat level for the mech for that turn.
		C)  Once an Icewind has gone off it is gone for the game.  
	In a campaign an Icewind can be reloaded same as doing a quick 
	reload yet requires a coolant truck.
	20)  Anti Aircraft Radar (AAR)  AAR is a special targeting system 
that is used against any aerial target (Aerospace fighters, conventional 
fighters, VTOL, and LAM in LAM mode but not mechs that are simply jumping.)
		A)  For any attacks that are made against aerial targets 
	that utilize AAR the movement to hit modifiers are halved.  
	Example:  A mech with AAR that is running (+2 to hit) is trying to 
	fire on a VTOL flying 11 hexes (+5 to hit).  The total modifier to 
	hit is +7.  Since the mech is using AAR the total movement based to 
	hit modifier is +3.5 which is rounded up to +4. 
		B)  AAR does not compensate for any other to hit modifiers 
	that might accumulate, such as heat, terrain, or pilot.
		C)  AAR may be used by the affected targets listed in 
	parenthesis above against other such targets.  AAR may not be used 
	against targets on the ground.
		D)  AAR does not have to be linked to all weapons on a 
	mech/vehicle.  If AAR is linked to only certain weapons then only 
	those weapons get the benefits of the AAR.
		E)  AAR weighs 1 ton for every 5 tons of weapons that it is 
	tied into.  It takes up one critical for every ton of weight.
		F)  Once the AAR has taken one critical it is destroyed.  
	The AAR cannot be mounted in the legs.
		G)  Guardian ECM nullifies the capabilities of AAR if the 
	defender has Guardian or the line of sight from the AAR using unit 
	to the defender passes within 6 hexes of an enemy AAR.
	21)  Ground Attack Radar (GAR) Ground Attack Radar is in game terms 
functionally similar to AAR except that it can only be used by aerial 
targets to fire upon ground targets.  (GAR is the AAR that *can* be used 
against targets on the ground as mentioned in rule 19C.)  
		A)  GAR can not be used to help in the fire of strafing 
	runs.  GAR is used for firing upon individual targets while 
	strafing saturates an area with fire.
		B)  GAR can not be used by ground mechs/vehicles for use 
	against other ground targets.  The only way for LAM to use 
	GAR is for them to be flying in either LAM or fighter mode.  VTOLs 
	or any other flying craft that has landed may not use GAR.
		C)  For any attacks that are made against ground targets 
	that utilize GAR the movement to hit modifiers are halved.  
	Example:  A LAM in Airmech mode with GAR that is jumping (+3 to hit) 
	is trying to fire on a mech running 6 hexes (+2 to hit).  The total 
	modifier to hit is +5.  Since the LAM is using GAR the total movement 
	based to hit modifier is +2.5 which is rounded up to +3. 
		D)  GAR does not compensate for any other to hit modifiers 
	that might accumulate, such as heat, terrain, or pilot.
		E)  GAR does not have to be linked to all weapons on a 
	mech/vehicle.  If GAR is linked to only certain weapons then only 
	those weapons get the benefits of the AAR.
		F)  GAR weighs 1 ton for every 5 tons of weapons that it is 
	tied into.  It takes up one critical for every ton of weight.
		G)  Once the AAR has taken one critical it is destroyed.  
	The AAR cannot be mounted in the legs.
		H)  Guardian ECM nullifies the capabilities of AAR if the 
	defender has Guardian or the line of sight from the AAR using unit 
	to the defender passes within 6 hexes of an enemy AAR.
	22)  Infantry Pods are special cargo carriers that come with one 
platoon of jump infantry that are mounted on mechs. The criticals that the 
pods take represent special internal bracing for seating and life support 
equipment.  The infantry take no damage from weapons hits to the mech 
because they are in an armored pod, as opposed to hanging on the sides of 
the mech.  The pod and/or exit doors are normally mounted/facing the back 
or the top of the mech.  While these pods tend to grossly distort the 
normal profile of the mech they do not make it any easier to target.
		A)  The jump infantry may dismount from the mech as per 
	regular infantry except that the mech does not need to expend 1mp.  
	Remounting is per regular rules.  Remember that infantry may not 
	move or fire the turn that they dismount.  The reaon that 1mp does 
	not have to be expended is because the infantry can jump down and 
	land safely while the mech is moving.
		B)  The pods must be mounted in the torsos, head, or arms.  
	If mounted in the arms the mech may not make make any physical 
	attacks involving the arms while infantry are in their pod(s).  If 
	the head or arm is "blown off" with 3 critical hits and the 
	infantry are still in their pod(s) they suffer 2D6 casualties.
		C)  When the Infantry Pod has suffered 1 critical hit any 
	infantry still in the pods suffer 1D6 casualties and 1 casualty when 
	the heat scale is 15-25 and 2 when it is 25+.  Double this number if 
	the Infantry Pod has suffered 2 critical hits.  On the second 
	critical hit 2D6 remaining infantry are destroyed.  Any infantry 
	in the pod when it suffers its third critical hit are destroyed.
		D)  The platoon of jump infantry comes free with the pod 
	and does not have to be payed for in any manner.
	23)  Battlearmor Infantry Pods (BAIP) are just like Infantry Pods 
except that they carry one star (5 man team) of Battlearmor.  The rules 
below will either refer you to the rules above or modify it.  These rules 
are different and should not be confused with the *Mechanized Battlearmor* 
rules on p.44-45 of _The Battletech Compendium_.
		A)  Refer to note 22A.
		B)  Same as note 22B except that when the location is 
	"blown off" each trooper suffers 1D6 damage.
		C)  When this type of infantry pod suffers 1 critical hit 
	each trooper takes 1D6 points of damage.  On the second critical 
	hit all remaining troopers are destroyed.  Battlearmor suffer no 
	damage for excessive heat.
		D)  When a BAIP is mounted on the mech it does not come 
	with the Battle armor troops free.  Each point of Battle Armor 
	counts as a 5 ton mech and most be "bought" as such.  They may be 
	mounted in the BAIP at the start of the game.
	24)  Self Destruct is a system for voluntarily making your mech 
into a small ultrahot ball of thermal destruction.  It takes the reactor 
fuel and dumps it into the reactor, after which the magnetic bottle is 
allowed to decay rapidly.  The end result is a metallic vapor where the 
mech used to be and blast marks for meters!!!
		A)  The Self Destruct Device weighs one ton and takes up 
	one critical hit location which must be located in one of the torsos.
		B)  When activated the device destroys the mech and 
	anything in the same hex.  Anything 1 hex away takes damage equal 
	to the engine rating divided by 15.  If the mech is a 2x engine mech 
	then the engine rating used is the sum of the 2 engine ratings.  If 
	one of the engines has been destroyed due to damage then the total 
	engine rating is based upon the one operating engine.
		C)  The device is activated during the weapons attack phase 
	as if it were a weapon.  No weapons may be fired if the device is 
	to be activated.
		D)  Units taking damage take target heat equal to 1/2 the 
	damage taken, round down.  This target heat lasts for that turn 
	only, similar to energy weapon target heat.
		E)  Units that self destruct are destroyed and count 
	towards the victory of the enemy.   
		F)  It is assumed that the pilot(s) give themselves enough 
	time to eject before the explosion.  Those of us that created these 
	rules really don't care, but some of you might.  After all, life is 
	cheap, mechs aren't.
		TARGET	HEAT  RULES
	These rules were created to simulate the fact that when certain 
weapons hit they are going to create additional heat upon their target.  
Certain weapons are designed for this task while others create target heat 
do to the huge energy conversion of their damage.
	The types of weapons that create target heat can be divided up into 
two general groups:  energy weapons and incindiery weapons.  These two 
weapons groups are treated seperately within these rules.  The target heat 
that a weapon inflicts upon a target is listed in the TAR/HEAT column of 
the weapons damage chart.  Incindiery weapons are marked with an (I).
	TARGET HEAT FROM ENERGY WEAPONS:  When an energy weapon hits a 
target it will recieve target heat.  The heat that the target recieves 
affects it only for the turn that the weapon hit.  The target heat that a 
target recieves is treated as heat generated by the mech that turn.  There 
is no limit to the amount of energy weapon target heat that a unit can 
receive.
	EXAMPLE:  During turn 1 a mech has walked (+1 heat), fired 2 PPC 
(+20 heat), and was hit by a PPC and 2 medium lasers (+3 heat).  Its heat 
sinks must dissipate 24 heat that turn.  The next turn the same mech runs 
(+2 heat), fires 2 PPC (+20 heat), and is hit by, among other weapons, 1 
large laser and 3 medium lasers (+2.5 heat, rounded down to 2).  This turn 
the mech must dissipate 24 heat.  Notice that none of the energy weapon 
target heat from turn 1 did not carry over to the next turn.
	TARGET HEAT FROM INCINDIERY WEAPONS:  Incindiery weapons are 
generally inferno launchers and flamers/flamethrowers.  They are marked on 
the weapons damage chart in the TAR/HEAT column with an (I).  Incindiery 
weapon target heat is described on p.60 of _The Battletech Compendium_ 
under the heading of Infernos.  The only additions to those rules is: 
the max heat that a target can receive is 10 instead of 6, Inferno 
Launchers have to roll to determine the number of missiles that explode 
close enough to the target to generate target heat, and flamers/ 
flamethrowers are considered in the same class as inferno launchers.
			WEAPON  BANKING  RULES
	Weapons can be mounted in pairs on the same weapon mount.  This is 
known as "banking."  
	A)  Banked weapons must be mounted in the same area of the 
mech/vehicle.  For mechs both weapons must be completely in the hit 
location area.  Example:  A pair of A/C 20's could not be banked on a mech 
since 2 of them would not fit in any one hit location, be it a torso or an 
arm.  A pair of Heavy PPC could be banked in an arm since it has 8 critical 
locations and 2 HPPC would take up 8 critical slots.  The above pair of A/C 
20's could be banked in the turret of a tank, but not on a mech. Remember 
that Lower Arm and Hand actutors can be removed for more criticals.
	B)  The weapons banked must be of the exact same type.  Exception:  
Missile launchers of the same type but of different size can be banked.  
	C)  Any weapon except for artillery weapons can be banked. 
	D)  Banked weapons can fire together as one weapon.  For this only 
one to hit roll is made.  If the bank hits then both weapons hit in the 
same location.  If the to hit roll is missed then both weapons miss.  
Banked weapons do not have to be fired as a bank, they may be fired 
independently.
	E)  Non-Energy weapons that are fired banked must both use the same 
type of ammunition.  Different types of alternate ammunitions cannot be 
used.  
	F)  two .5 critical space weapons in the same critical slot are 
automatically counted as being banked.  For other weapons to be counted as 
banked there must be some discernable mark connecting the two weapons.
	G)  If one banked weapon is destroyed there is no effect upon the 
other weapon.  It may only fired independently though, and not banked with 
another weapon.
		ALTERNATE  AMMUNITIONS  FOR  WEAPONS
	This section is a listing of the various types of different 
munitions that can be used for weapons.  The basic format will be:
WEAPON:  This will tell what weapon the ammo may be used for.
DESCRIPTION:  This will give a description plus necessary special rules.
ADVANTAGES:  Self explanatory
DISADVANTAGES:  Self explanatory
	Note:  All of the Alternate Ammunitions must be used as reloads in 
full or half ton increments.  A part of a ton of one type of ammunition 
cannot be mixed with a complementary part of a ton of another type.  Be 
prepared that some 20th Century acronyms are used using different words.  
This reflects that the names will change to reflect changing technology.  
Other types use a name from history to represent what they are loosely 
based upon.  All ammunition types must be specified before the start of the 
game.  Any unspecified reloads are assumed to be standard.
Cannister Shot Ammunition
	WEAPON: Rail Gun, Rail Cannon, Gauss Rifle, and Gauss Cannon
	DESCRIPTION:  Cannister Shot is where the standard round slug is 
replaced with a container of submunitions.  The net effect is that the 
damage is spread all over the target hit.  Cannister is a less volatile 
(and less effective) version of Silver Bullet ammunition.
	ADVANTAGES:  When a target has been it with Cannister Shot roll on 
the standard Missile Hit Chart under the column for the damage that the 
weapon does.  This is the amount of damage that the weapon does.  Roll for 
hit location for each point of damage (as per the LB-X autocannon cluster 
munitions.)
	DISADVANTAGES: Due to the size and shape of the Cannister shot 
round Gauss Cannons only get 10 shots per ton of reloads, the Gauss Rifle 6, 
and the Gauss Cannon 3 shots per ton.
Chain Shot Ammunition
	WEAPON: Rail Gun, Rail Cannon, Gauss Rifle, and Gauss Cannon
	DESCRIPTION:  Chain Shot takes a round of shot and replaces it with 
2 hollow hemispheres connected by a heavy chain.  The tendency for the 
chain to wrap around part of a mech creates problems for the pilot of the 
target mech.  The reduced volume of the shot reduces the damage done.
	Take the base damage for the weapon firing and divide it by 3.  
This is the damage that each of the 2 halves will do.  When the weapon hits 
each of the halves will hit a potentially different hit location.  To 
represent the wrapping possibility of the chain the hit location procedure 
is modified.  For each half roll a D6 to represent the direction that the 
half will hit from.  A roll of 1 means damage is rolled on the front, 2 
goes to the right side front (Roll on the right side hit location table, 
torso damage goes on the front), 3 to the right side rear, 4 to the rear, 
5 to the left side rear, and 6 rolls on the left side front.  Once the 
direction has been determined roll 2D6 for location as per normal rules.
	ADVANTAGES:  When hit the target must make a piloting skill roll 
with a +2 penalty, +4 if both halves hit the legs.  If this is failed then 
the target mech falls.  Any piloting skill rolls after being hit by chain 
shot are at a +1 penalty until the mech expends 1 MP to free itself of the 
chain.  Each chain shot that accumulates gives an additional +1 penalty to 
the Piloting Skill Roll.  Example:  A mech has been hit by 3 chain shots in 
one turn.  Trying to get back up will require a piloting skill roll with a 
+3 penalty due to the 3 chain shots hanging fom it.  After getting back up 
the mech expends 2 MP to free itself of 2 chain shots.  From here the mech 
makes piloting skill rolls with a +1 penalty due to the remaining chain 
shot hanging from it.
	DISADVANTAGES:  Since the Chain Shot is very unpredictable in its 
ballistic characteristics there is a +2 to hit penalty.  Vehicles do not 
have to make a piloting skill roll when first hit, but still have the 
piloting skill roll penalties just as mechs.
Nested Slug Ammunition
	WEAPON: Rail Cannon, Gauss Rifle, and Gauss Cannon
	DESCRIPTION:  Nested Slug Ammunition uses a nested set of Rail Gun 
rounds instead of one large round.  It distributes the damage over several 
areas.  The round still does full damage, it just divides it over 2, 3, or 
4 areas.
	ADVANTAGES:  NS ammo divides the damage into groups of 5 points.  
Roll for damage location for the 2 or 3 groups of 5 damage points 
seperately.
	DISADVANTAGES: Due to the size and shape of the NS round Gauss 
Cannons only get 10 shots per ton of reloads, the Gauss Rifle 6, and the 
Gauss Cannon 3 shots per ton.
Silver Bullet Ammunition
	WEAPON: Rail Gun, Rail Cannon, Gauss Rifle, Gauss Cannon
	DESCRIPTION:  Silver Bullet ammo is a single round with an 
explosive charge in the center.  This charge is used to explode the round 
near its target.  If a hit is made using SB ammo roll to determine the 
amount of damage on the 5, 10, 15, or 20 column of the missile hit chart.
Distribute each point of damage individually (like an LBX autocannon 
round).
	ADVANTAGES:  When firing SB ammo there is a -1 to hit modifier.
	DISADVANTAGES:  In addition to the weapon doing damage when hit as 
per normal rules the ammo will explode when hit by a critical hit or 
exploding due to heat.  When exploding there will be 5, 10, 15, or 20 
points of damage per round exploded, explosion strength per round based 
upon original damage value of weapon.
Smart Rock Ammunition
	WEAPON: Rail Gun, Rail Cannon, Gauss Rifle, Gauss Cannon
	DESCRIPTION:  Smart Rocks replace some of the shot mass with a 
small guidance system and compressed gas steering rockets.
	ADVANTAGES: There is a -1 to hit bonus when firing at medium 
range, a -2 to hit when firing at long range, -3 to hit at extreme range 
and -4 to hit at maximum range with Smart Rocks.
	DISADVANTAGES:  When firing smart rocks there is a +1 additional to 
hit modifier when firing inside minimum range.  Weapon damage is reduced  
also.  Rail Guns score 2 points of damage, Rail Cannons score 5, Gauss Rifles 
score 7 points, and Gauss Cannons score 10 points when firing Smart Rocks.
Armor Peircing Discarding Sabot (APDS) Ammunition
	WEAPON: Auto cannons, LB-X autocannons, Ultra auto cannons
	DESCRIPTION:  APDS ammo replaces the normal round with a smaller, 
high velocity, high density penetrator round inside a sabot.
	ADVANTAGES:  APDS ammo does some internal damage when the round 
hits.  Refer to the chart below.
	A/C or LBX	Armor Damage	Internal Damage
	----------	------------	---------------
	    2		     1			1
	    5		     3			2
	    10		     7			3
	    15		    10			5
	    20		    13			7
	DISADVANTAGES:  The APDS round is a high compression round that 
autocannons have trouble handling.  Whenever APDS rounds are fired roll a 
second 2D6 for a stress check.  If a 2 or a 3 is rolled the autocannon has 
broken some linkage on it.  That autocannon may still fire but has a +2 to 
hit penalty.  If the autocannon continues to fire APDS roll a stress check 
with a 2, 3, 4, or 5 as a failure.  If the autocannon fails this second 
check it is considered destroyed.  Autocannon Ultras that fire 2 APDS 
rounds roll stress checks twice.  LB-X Autocannons get a -1 bonus on the 
stress check roll.   When APDS ammo takes a critical hit or explodes the 
internal damage produced is twice that for normal exploding ammo.
Bolt Thrower (BT) Ammunition
	WEAPON: Auto Cannons, LB-X Cannons, Ultra auto cannons
	DESCRIPTION:  Bolt Thrower ammunition is a standard auto cannon 
round that has roughly half the round's mass removed to accomadate a solid 
fuel propellent.  This propellent increases the range of the round 
significantly.
	ADVANTAGES:  When using Bolt Thrower ammo the classes of 
autocannons have these ranges:
	Class	Short	Medium	Long	Extreme	 Maximum	Damage
	-----	-----	------	----	-------	 -------	------
	  2	1-12	13-24	25-36	 37-48	  49-60		   1
	  5	1-9	10-18	19-27	 28-36	  37-45		   3
	 10	1-8	 9-16	17-24	 25-32	  33-40		   5
	 15	1-6	 7-12	13-18	 19-24	  25-30		   8
	 20	1-5	 6-10	11-15	 16-20	  21-25		  10
		NOTE:  Minimum Ranges are not affected.
	DISADVANTAGES:  As can be seen from the table above the damage 
produced is 50% of the normal autocannon round due to the reduction in 
mass.
Cluster Ammunition:
	WEAPON: LB-X Autocannons
	DESCRIPTION:  Cluster Ammunition is the standard cluster round that 
the LB-X autocannons use as presented on p.120 in _The Battletech 
Compendium_.
	ADVANTAGES:  As per the rules.
	DISADVANTAGES:  Only LB-X autocannons can use these rounds.
Flechette Ammunition:
	WEAPON: LB-X Autocannons
	DESCRIPTION:  Flechette Ammunition is similar to Cluster ammunition 
except that it is specially designed for taking out infantry, battlearmor, 
and clearing trees.
	ADVANTAGES:  Flechette Ammunition does double normal damage versus 
infantry and battlearmor.  Flechette retains the -1 to hit bonus of LB-X 
Cluster rounds.  When firing LB10X or bigger with Flechette rounds to clear 
heavy woods instead of reducing the heavy woods to a light woods as per the 
rules these rounds will reduce them to a rough hex.
	DISADVANTAGES:  When firing this ammunition versus mechs or 
vehicles apply a -2 penalty to the roll on the Missile Hit Chart to determine 
the amount of damage.  Any rolls below 2 are treated as a 2.
HEAP Ammunition:
	WEAPON: Auto Cannons, LB-X Cannons, Ultra auto cannons
	DESCRIPTION:  High Explosive Armor Piercing rounds use a shaped 
charge chemical warhead that burns through the armor to produce armor and 
internal structure damage.
	ADVANTAGES:  HEAP rounds do some internal damage and target heat in 
addition to the armor damage.  Refer to the chart below.
A/C or LBX	Armor Dam.	Internal Dam.	Target Heat
----------	----------	-------------	-----------	
    2		     1			1	     1
    5		     3			1	     2
    10		     6			2	     3
    15		     9			3	     4
    20		    12			4	     5
	DISADVANTAGES:  HEAP rounds use a directional charge to do their 
damage.  If the round(s) hit at the wrong angle then the blast is 
ineffective.  To represent this these rounds have a +1 to hit penalty.  
Against Level 1 Ceramo-Steel armor HEAP rounds do no target heat on the 
target and against Level 2 Ceramo-Steel armor HEAP rounds do only armor 
damage, no Internal or Target Heat damage.  Due to the slow speed of these 
rounds Reactive Armor can affect them.  Apply the 1/2 damage rule from 
Reactive Armor to these rounds also when fired against a target with 
Reactive Armor.
Bangalor Missiles
 	WEAPON: MRM, TSM, LRM, BRM
	DESCRIPTION:  Bangalor missiles have for a warhead several line 
charges acting as Bangalor Torpedoes (an Army engineer obstacle clearing 
charge).  These line charges also have landing spikes that allow them to 
land without bouncing or to stick to the side of buildings.
	ADVANTAGES:  Bangalor missiles can do either of two things:
		Minefield clearing: Bangalor missiles can be used to attack 
mined hexes of any type.  Bangalor missiles will reduce the attack strength 
of a mined hex by the number of missiles/attack strength per hex in the attack. 
EXAMPLE:  A hex that has been mined by a 20 point FASCAM is attacked by 5 
point Bangalor attack.  Assuming that the attack hits the mined hex will have 
its attack strength reduced by 5 down to 15.  
	Preset conventional minefields (as per p.60-61 of _The Battletech 
Compendium_) have an attack strength of 6 and Command Detonated hexes have a 
strength of 10 (assuming the hex is attacked blindly in hopes that it is 
mined).  Vibrabomb hexes that are attacked have their sensitivity rating 
lowered by the Bangalor missile attack strength.  When the rating reaches 0 
the vibrabomb detonates as if tripped.
		Building/fortification destruction:  Bangalor missiles do 
double damage against buildings or any structure that has its strength 
listed in CF.
	DISADVANTAGES:  Bangalor missiles do no damage against mechs, 
vehicles, or infantry.  TAG, Artemis, and NARC work only when firing 
Bangalors against buildings.
FASCAM Missiles, FASCAM Artillery Rounds
	WEAPON:	MRM, TSM, LRM, BRM, All Artillery Weapons
	DESCRIPTION:  FASCAM Missiles and FASCAM Artillery Rounds deliver 
Field Artillery SCatterable fAmily of Mines.  Each warhead contains an even 
mix of anti-vehicle and anti-personnel mines.
	ADVANTAGES:  FASCAM missiles are treated just like Thunder LRM as 
described on p.121 of _The Battletech Compendium_.  FASCAM Artillery Rounds 
deliver minefields over an area of 7 hexes: the target hex and the 6 
surrounding.  FASCAM Artillery Rounds deliver minefields in strengths equal 
to the damage that they would do normally.  EXAMPLE:  A Long Tom is firing 
a FASCAM shell.  When the shell lands the hex hit will have a 20 point 
minefield and each of the 6 surrounding hexes will have a 10 point 
minefield.  FASCAM TSM are handled in a manner similar to FASCAM Artillery 
Rounds except that the attack values are 5/2 per missile that lands in the 
target hex.  
	DISADVANTAGES:  The number of reloads per ton is half that for 
normal missiles/artillery rounds.  FASCAM missiles are not affected by TAG, 
Artemis, or NARC.
Fuel-Air Explosive (FAE) Missiles
	WEAPON: TSM
	DESCRIPTION:  FAE missiles replace the standard explosive charges 
of TSM missiles with a Thermite ignited canister of hydrocarbon fuel.  The 
resulting explosion produces armor damage and target heat.
	ADVANTAGES:  Each FAE missile does 3 points of damage/ 2 points 
of incindiery target heat to the target hex and 1 point of damage/ 1 point 
of incindiery target heat to the 6 surrounding hexes.  The incindiery 
target heat lasts for 3 turns as per the Inferno rules.
	DISADVANTAGES:  FAE missiles use the inferno rules concerning 
checking for ammo explosion due to heat.  If FAE missile ammunition does 
explode due to heat or critical hit each missile explodes for 10 points of 
damage.
Smoke Missiles
	WEAPON: TSM
	DESCRIPTION:  Smoke Missiles are designed to fill the target hex 
and adjacent hexes with smoke.
	ADVANTAGES:  Each missile will produce a 1 elevation high 
smoke cloud in the target hex and the 6 adjacent hexes that lasts for 1 
turn for each missile that hits that hex.
	DISADVANTAGES:  These missiles do no damage to any unit in the 
target hexes.  
Swarm Missiles
	WEAPON: MRM, LRM, BRM
	DESCRIPTION:  Swarm missiles are special missiles using hundreds of 
submunitions able to saturate an area.
	ADVANTAGES:  Swarm missiles are used just as the description on 
p.121 of _The Battletech Compendium_ for Swarm LRMs.  For the BRM to 
determine the number of missiles that hit a secondary target use a D6 for 
every 6 missiles remaining, disregarding remaining portions of 6. 
	DISADVANTAGES:  The number of reloads per ton is half that for 
normal missiles.
	TOW Missiles
	WEAPONS: MRM, LRM, BRM
	DESCRIPTION:  TOW Missiles are optically tracked, wire guided 
missiles.  They operate in a manner similar to FTL missiles in that only 
some of the missiles in a rack are wire guided while the rest follow.
	ADVANTAGES:
		-3 to hit if firing unit is stationary
		-2 to hit if firing unit walked/cruised
		-1 to hit if firing unit ran/flanked
	addit.	-1 to hit if target is the only target to be attacked
	DISADVANTAGES: Double all terrain to hit modifiers to reflect the 
possibility of guide wire snap.  Above advantages are lost if firing unit 
plans to enagage in close combat.  If the firing unit takes the advantages 
then it may not make close combat attacks.  TOW missiles may not be fired 
indirectly.  TOW missiles are not affected by NARC, Artemis, or Guardian.
Follow The Leader (FTL) Missiles
	WEAPONS: CRM, SRM, MRM, LRM, BRM
	DESCRIPTION:  A modification to the guidance system of the missiles 
has the majority of the missiles in a rack follow one missile.  
	ADVANTAGES:  FTL missiles do not scatter their damage all over the 
target but concentrate in one location.  Example:  If an LRM 20 rack fires 
with FTL missiles and hits with 12 missiles the missiles will all hit on 
one damage location area as opposed to 5 in one area, 5 in another, and 2 
in a third.
	DISADVANTAGES:  For FTL missiles to work the lead missile must be 
one that hits.  Occasionally the targetting systems will follow the wrong 
missile.  Firing with FTL missiles has a +2 Fire Modifier penalty. 
Radar Guided Missiles (RG)
	WEAPONS: CRM, SRM, MRM, LRM, BRM
	DESCRIPTION:  The crude guidance system of the missile has been 
replaced by a rough radar unit.  These guidance systems are not very good, 
yet not overly affected by Guardian ECM.
	ADVANTAGES:  
		-1 to hit light mechs
		-2 to hit medium mechs
		-3 to hit heavy mechs
		-4 to hit assault mechs
	addit.	-1 to hit if target has been hit by NARC
	DISADVANTAGES:  RG missiles when fired have any terrain to hit 
modifiers doubled.  If the target is within 6 hexes of an enemy ECM unit 
then the above modifiers are ignored and there is a +1 to hit.  If fired 
indirect and miss their original target then roll another to hit for any 
one randomly determined target within the 6 hexes immediately surrounding 
the target.  If the to hit is made then the missiles hit that unit instead.
Keep doing this procedure until an alternate target is hit or all possible 
alternate targets within the 6 hexes have been missed.  (If any 
clarifications are needed, the rules are similar to those involving Swarm 
missiles except that only one target is hit.)  RG missiles are not affected 
by Artemis or TAG lasers.   Multiply the number of reloads by .75 for Radar 
Guided missiles.  RG missiles are not affected by Artemis.
Radiation Seeking Missiles
	WEAPONS: CRM, SRM, MRM, LRM, BRM
	DESCRIPTION:  These missiles rely upon the emitions of special 
electronics to home in on their target.  They are not very good if the 
target does not have special electronic gear operating.
	ADVANTAGES:  The missiles have a -2 to hit bonus against any units 
that have active Guardian, Beagle, AAR, or GAR.  For targets that have a 
NARC attached to them double the NARC bonuses.
	DISADVANTAGES:  The missiles have a +2 to hit penalty against any 
unit that does not have the above systems operating.
Heat Seeking (HS) Missiles
	WEAPONS: CRM, SRM
	DESCRIPTION:  The HS warheads replace part of the explosive payload 
with an infrared guidance system.
	ADVANTAGES:  HS missiles receive a to hit bonus equal to the target 
mech's Fire Modifier from heat buildup (if any) from the beginning of the 
turn. In addition, if the target is receiving incindiery target heat from 
Infernos or Flamers/Flame Throwers there is a to hit bonus equal to the 
square of the target heat generated by the incidiery weapons, rounded down.  
Example:  A mech has ben hit by a Flame Thrower and is receiving 5 incindiery 
target heat.  The square root of 5 is 2.23 which is rounded down to 2.  Any 
HS missiles fired at that mech get a to hit bonus of -2.  If the missiles score 
critical hits then they are automatically heat sinks before anything else.
	DISADVANTAGES:  HS SRM do 1 point while HS CRM do 2 points of damage 
per missile that hits (as well as blow up for that amount in ammo 
explosions.)  If the heat scale of the target mech is 0 then Heat Seeking 
missiles have a +2 to hit. HS missiles are not affected by Artemis or NARC.
Laser Guided Missiles (LGM)
	WEAPONS: CRM, SRM, MRM
	DESCRIPTION:  LGM require the guidance of a TAG laser to work 
effectively.  When the TAG laser hits the target then there is a marked 
increase in the percentage of missiles that hit.  When the TAG laser 
misses then the probability of a hit decreases
	ADVANTAGES:  LGM get a +3 on the Missile Hit Chart if the target is 
TAGed by the firing mech.  The -1 to hit for each missile launcher tied 
into a TAG laser as per the TAG laser note above still applies.  LGM that 
are following a TAG beam do not get to hit penalties due to Chameleon 
System.
	DISADVANTAGES:  The announcement to fire LGM and TAG laser(s) must 
be made and adhered to before any dice are rolled.  If LGM and TAG are 
fired and no TAG laser hits then the LGM *must* be fired with a +2 to hit.  
Only TAG laser(s) fired from the firing mech can TAG a target for LGM to 
get their bonusses.  LGM can be fired without the intention to TAG the 
target with a +2 to hit penalty.  
Tandem Charge (TC) Warhead Missiles
	WEAPONS: CRM, SRM
	DESCRIPTION:  The TC warhead contains two shaped charge warheads 
where one punches a hole in the armor allowing the second to damage the 
internal structure.
	ADVANTAGES:  CRM with TC warheads do 2 points of armor and one 
point of internal structure damage per missile.  SRM with TC warheads do 1 
point of armor and 1 point of internal damage.  If the area hit has no 
armor then each missile that hits does 1 point of damage due to the 
narrowness of the impact area.
	DISADVANTAGES:  The number of reload shots per ton is multiplied by 
.75, round down.  This represents the extra room required to hold the 
larger warheads.  For ammo explosions, treat each TC CRM as having a 4 
point warhead and each TC SRM as having a 3 point warhead.  TC warhead 
internal damage against its target roll to score critical hits on the 
Critical Hits Effects table with a -3 modifier.  (TC warheads score only 
1 critical on a roll of 11 or 12.)
Beehive Artillery Shells
	WEAPONS:  Long Tom, Sniper, Thumper
	DESCRIPTION:  These shells are effectively huge shotgun shells used 
to fire directly upon approaching enemy.  They are primarily used as a last 
ditch weapon to beat back unwanted interlopers, making use of this shell 
rare.  Under normal circumstances a gun train might have 1 ton per gun of 
reloads.  On rare occasions when artillery guns are expected to be very 
close to the fighting 2-3 tons of reloads per gun are carried.
	ADVANTAGES:  These shells make the artillery guns act just like 
LB-X autocannons.  Take the base damage of the gun (20 for Long Toms, 10 
for Snipers, and 5 for Thumpers) and roll 2D6 under that number on the 
Missile Hit chart *twice*.  These 2 values are added together to determine 
the damage done.  Each point of damage is allocated seperately.  
EXAMPLE: (The Shot from Hell) A Long Tom fires a Beehive Artillery round at 
an approaching mech and hits.  Since the Long Tom does 20 points of base 
damage it rolls under the 20 column of the Missile Hit Chart twice.  The 
Long Tom miraculously rolls an 11 and a 12 doing 40 points of damage.  
Somebody had more than just a bad hair day...
	DISADVANTAGES:  The range of these rounds in hexes is equal to the 
number of boards that the gun can fire normal rounds.  The base to hit 
number is 9 regardless of range. 
Copperhead Artillery Shells
	WEAPONS:  Long Tom, Sniper, Thumper
	DESCRIPTION:  These are missiles that are shot from the tube of the 
gun towards the general area of impact.  In flight on the descent the 
missiles rocket motor takes over and allows the missile to home in on a 
TAGed target.
	ADVANTAGES:  Follow the rules in the last three paragraphs of the 
last column under the rules for "Arrow IV Missile Artillery System" on 
p. 117 of _The Battletech Compendium_.  These rules apply to Copperhead 
Artillery Shells.  The Long Tom Copperhead does 20 points of artillery 
damage to the target and 5 points to any other unit in the hex.  The 
Sniper Copperhead does 10 points of artillery damage to the target and 2 
points to any other unit in the hex. The Thumper Copperhead does 5 points 
of artillery damage to the target and 1 point to any other unit in the hex.
	DISADVANTAGES:  These shells cannot be used as standard artillery 
shells.  They must be used as TAG homing missiles.  They cannot carry any 
special kind of warhead.
Dam Buster Artillery Shells
	WEAPONS:  Arrow IV, Bolt III, Dart II, Long Tom, Sniper, Thumper
	DESCRIPTION:  These shells replace their normal high explosive 
warheads with a concussionary charge.  These have the capability to clear 
minefields by setting off the mines and to damage buildings better.  These 
were first developed by a Long Tom gunner to destroy a dam that, with its 
destruction, was able to knock out a company of enemy mechs.
	ADVANTAGES:  The target and adjacent hex damage of these shells are 
used to reduce the attack strength of mine hexes as per the rules for 
Bangalor missiles.  These shells will also do double damage to any 
structure with a CF rating.  EXAMPLE: Should a three hex long building be 
hit in the center hex by a Long Tom Dam Buster then it would receive 80 
points of damage. (20x2 for the center hex of the building + 10x2 + 10x2 
for each of the adjacent hexes of the building)
	DISADVANTAGES:  These shells do 1/4 damage to infantry, vehicles, or 
mechs.
Illumination Artillery Shells
	WEAPONS:  Dart II, Thumper
	DESCRIPTION:  These shells shoot a round that has a brightly 
burning peice of metal (usually Magnesium) with a parachute attached.  
These shells are used to eliminate the effects of darkness during night 
fights.
	ADVANTAGES:  Fire this shell as if it were a normal shell.  When 
the hex of impact is determined this is actually the hex above which the 
illumination shell floats down on its parachute.  This hex will drift in 
the direction of the wind for each turn that it is up.  The illumination 
covers an area with a radius of 10 hexes for 3 turns. 
Smoke Artillery Shells
	WEAPONS:  Arrow IV, Bolt III, Dart II, Long Tom, Sniper, Thumper
	DESCRIPTION:  These smoke round rules replace those on p. 49 of 
_The Battletech Compendium_.
	ADVANTAGES:  	
	Arrow IV & Long Tom:  These smoke rounds produce a 2 elevation high 
smoke cloud in the target hex and the 6 adjacent hexes that lasts for 3 
turns.
	Bolt II & Sniper:  These smoke rounds produce a 1 elevation high 
smoke cloud in the target hex and the 6 adjacent hexes that lasts for 3 
turns.
	Dart II and Thumper:  These smoke rounds produce a 1 elevation high 
smoke cloud in the target hex and the 6 adjacent hexes that lasts for 1 
turn.
Telemetry Artillery Shells
	WEAPONS:  Arrow IV, Bolt III, Dart II, Long Tom, Sniper, Thumper
	DESCRIPTION:  These shells are used to better adjust fire with 
artillery guns using a signal that orbitting geo-positional satellites pick 
up.  The satellites then tell the firing crew, within 10 meters, where the 
shell landed.  The shell also releases a small marker cloud that observers 
can use to better observe where the shell landed.
	ADVANTAGES:  These shells allow artillery peices to adjust fire 
against fixed positions without the need of an observer.  If these shells 
are fired with the help of an observer then there is a -2 bonus for 
adjusting fire with the next shot.  The bonuses do not add on to each other 
if Telemetry shells are used 2 or more times in a row.  These bonuses are 
cumulative with observer and artillery gunner modifiers.
	The hex that a Telemetry shell lands in counts as a "pre-registered 
hex" as per p. 48 of _The Battletech Compendium_ once the shell has landed.  
Any shots against this hex automatically hit.
	DISADVANTAGES:  These shells do no damage at all.  The bonus will 
only help the gun/launcher that fired the shell or any gun/launcher that is 
connected to the firing unit via C^3.  It is not possible for one gun to do 
the sounding shots for another gun unless they are connected by C^3 as per 
the C^3 rules.
White Phospherous Artillery Shells
	WEAPONS:  Arrow IV, Bolt III, Dart II, Long Tom, Sniper, Thumper
	DESCRIPTION:  The "Willie Pete" White Phosperous (WP) round is the 
field artillery version of Inferno missiles.  This safer medium of 
delivering incindieries does not last as long as Inferno liquid, yet is the 
only kind that can stand the shock of firing without exploding.
	ADVANTAGES:  Given below is a table showing the target heat that WP 
shells deliver to the units in the hex of impact and the 6 surrounding 
hexes.  Target is heat listed as X/Y is treated where X is the target heat 
that any units in the hex of impact receive and Y is the target heat that 
any units in a surrounding hex take.  
Damage Rating	Turn 1	Turn 2	Turn 3	Turn 4
-------------	------	------	------	------
20/10		 10/10	 10/5	  5/2	  2/0
10/5		 10/5	  5/2	  2/0
5/2		  5/2	  2/0
NOTE:  The Damage rating is the damage that the weapon would do if it were 
to fire a regular shell.  Obviously a bigger shell will do more heat 
longer.
	DISADVANTAGES:  WP rounds do no damage, only target heat.  WP 
rounds are treated just like Infernos for purposes of interactions with 
Coolant Cannons.  (If the Coolant Cannon were to use liquid oxygen instead 
of liquid nitrogen then double the heat inflicted, up to 20.)
		E X P A N D E D   I N F A N T R Y   R U L E S
	These rules are written to rectify the rules for infantry in 
Battletech.  This is done under the following assumptions:
	1)  When determining the size of a balanced game each side will 
determine its size in tons instead of some financial unit such as C-Bills.
	2)  If sides are determined in tons then the various types of 
infantry are inherently different in capability.  
	3)  If the various types of infantry are different incapability 
then one or a few types will be taken over all the others.  This eliminates 
some of the diversity that commanders can expect on the battlefield and 
some of the realistic options that a commander can use in determining 
his/her force composition.
	With these reasons the rules for infantry will be changed or 
expanded to make their use more defined and balanced.
	Equivelant tonnage: Free for standard infantry. They weigh no tons  
when determining their "cost."  The only requirement is that they be 
transported onto the battlefield in some vehicle or mech.  For transport by 
mech refer to the infantry pods in the weapons list and notes.  For transport 
by vehicle refer to the Infantry Carrier rules in _The Battletech Compendium_ 
on page 44.
	Battlearmor are handled differently from standard infantry in that 5 
tons must be "paid" for each point of 5.  Battlearmor does not have to be 
carried on to the field via APC yet may be desirable.
	Movement modifiers:  This ill defined subject is addressed and 
changed here.  Infantry recieve a -1 to hit bonus if they do not move and 
no penalties for moving.  Since infantry do not have a "running" speed there 
are no like modifiers.  Jump infantry and battlearmor that jump as part of 
their movement get a +1 to hit penalty.
	Infantry type modifications:  Since all movement types of infantry 
"cost" the same, there must be some way to make all the infantry from rifle 
up to SRM platoons equal.  Below are the rules changes, if any, to the 
various types of infantry and battlearmor to make them equal.
	Rifle Platoons:  The special advantage that Rifle Platoons get is 
that when they score damage and roll for location, that location may be 
shifted up or down by one.  This shows that the soldiers are better able to 
control and call their shots.  EXAMPLE:  A rifle platoon has hit a mech 
from the front and has rolled a 6 for damage location, giving a right torso 
hit for the 5 point group.  The rifle platoon has the option of shifting that 
damage location roll from a 6 to a 5 or 7, hitting the right leg or the center 
torso.  The last 2 points are rolled to hit 11, left arm.  The rifle 
platoon may shift it to 10, left arm again, or to 12, head.  Obviously it 
will be shifted to the head.
	Machine Gun Platoons:  Machine gun platoons recieve a -1 to hit 
bonus due to hit due to the directed high rate of fire of their weapons.
	Flamer Platoons:  Flamer platoons get the bonus of doing heat 
damage in addition to their normal damage.  They inflict 3 turns of 
incindiery heat as per the target heat rules equal to their damage value.  
EXAMPLE:  A flamer platoon with 16 men hits a mech doing 5 points of damage 
and 5 points of target heat which lasts for 3 turns.
	Laser Platoons:  Laser platoons inflict 1 point of target heat for 
every 7 infantrymen in the platoon, round fractions down.
	SRM Platoons:  SRM platoons may not use any of the different SRM 
warheads or guidance systems available for mech mounted SRMs.
	Machine Gun Battlearmor:  Machine gun battlearmor recieve a -1 to 
hit bonus due to the directed high rate of fire.
	Flamer Battlearmor:  Flamer battlearmor use the flamer rules as 
presented in the weapons list.
	Small Laser Battlearmor:  No changes.
CREDIT FOR IDEAS:
	Below is listed the folks and their ideas that went into the 
creation of these weapons/systems.  Some of these ideas were taken without 
their permission from the rec.games.mecha archives (Sorry if you don't like 
it, but *YOU'RE* the one that posted it!) and some were taken from real 
Battletech stuff.  If you have any questions, comments, quips, death 
threats, bribes, or constructive criticisms drop me some private Email at 
MURRAYMD@UDAVXB.OCA.UDAYTON.EDU.  I'll let you figure out the legalities...
	JESSE.TAYLOR@BBS.OIT.UNC.EDU
		Anti-Missile Laser
		Infantry Pods (Battle Armor Infantry Pods are an outgrowth 
			of this idea by myself.)
	CLARKA@NETCOM.COM
		Pulse Anti-Missile Laser
	ROLEARY@ST.NEPEAN.UWS.EDU
		TOW Missiles
		Laser Guided Missiles
		Radar Guided Missiles
	EMEU09@CASTLE.ED.AC.UK
		Cockpit Second Seats/Observers (basic idea)
                      BEAUTY AND THE BEAST
   Once upon a time . . . as a merchant set off for market, he asked each of
his three daughters what she would like as a present on his return. The first
daughter wanted a brocade dress, the second a pearl necklace, but the third, 
whose name was Beauty, the youngest, prettiest and sweetest of them all, said
to her father:
   "All I'd like is a rose you've picked specially for me!"
   When the merchant had finished his business, he set off for home. However, 
a sudden storm blew up, and his horse could hardly make headway in the howling
gale. Cold and weary, the merchant had lost all hope of reaching an inn when
he suddenly noticed a bright light shining in the middle of a wood. As he drew
near, he saw that it was a castle, bathed in light.
   "I hope I'll find shelter there for the night," he said to himself. When he
reached the door, he saw it was open, but though he shouted, nobody came to
greet him. Plucking up courage, he went inside, still calling out to attract
attention. On a table in the main hall, a splendid dinner lay already served. 
The merchant lingered, still shouting for the owner of the castle. But no one 
came, and so the starving merchant sat down to a hearty meal.
   Overcome by curiosity, he ventured upstairs, where the corridor led into
magnificent rooms and halls. A fire crackled in the first room and a soft bed 
looked very inviting. It was now late, and the merchant could not resist. He 
lay down on the bed and fell fast asleep. When he woke next morning, an 
unknown hand had placed a mug of steaming coffee and some fruit by his
bedside.
   The merchant had breakfast and after tidying himself up, went downstairs to
thank his generous host. But, as on the evening before, there was nobody in 
sight. Shaking his head in wonder at the strangeness of it all, he went 
towards the garden where he had left his horse, tethered to a tree. Suddenly, 
a large rose bush caught his eye.
   Remembering his promise to Beauty, he bent down to pick a rose. lnstantly, 
out of the rose garden, sprang a horrible beast, wearing splendid clothes. Two
bloodshot eyes, gleaming angrily, glared at him and a deep, terrifying voice 
growled: "Ungrateful man! I gave you shelter, you ate at my table and slept in 
my own bed, but now all the thanks I get is the theft of my favourite flowers!
I shall put you to death for this slight!" Trembling with fear, the merchant 
fell on his knees before the Beast.
   "Forgive me! Forgive me! Don't kill me! I'll do anything you say! The rose 
wasn't for me, it was for my daughter Beauty. I promised to bring her back a 
rose from my journey!" The Beast dropped the paw it had clamped on the unhappy
merchant.
   "I shall spare your life, but on one condition, that you bring me your 
daughter!" The terror-stricken merchant, faced with certain death if he did 
not obey, promised that he would do so. When he reached home in tears, his 
three daughters ran to greet him. After he had told them of his dreadful 
adventure, Beauty put his mind at rest immediately.
   "Dear father, I'd do anything for you! Don't worry, you'll be able to keep 
your promise and save your life! Take me to the castle. I'll stay there in 
your place!" The merchant hugged his daughter.
   "I never did doubt your love for me. For the moment I can only thank you 
for saving my life." So Beauty was led to the castle. The Beast, however, had 
quite an unexpected greeting for the girl. Instead of menacing doom as it had 
done with her father, it was surprisingly pleasant. 
   In the beginning, Beauty was frightened of the Beast, and shuddered at the 
sight of it. Then she found that, in spite of the monster's awful head, her 
horror of it was gradually fading as time went by. She had one of the finest 
rooms in the Castle, and sat for hours, embroidering in front of the fire. And
the Beast would sit, for hours on end, only a short distance away, silently 
gazing at her. Then it started to say a few kind words, till in the end, 
Beauty was amazed to discover that she was actually enjoying its conversation.
The days passed, and Beauty and the Beast became good friends. Then one day, 
the Beast asked the girl to be his wife.                  .-~
   Taken by surprise, Beauty did not know what to say. Marry such an ugly 
monster? She would rather die! But she did not want to  hurt the feelings of 
one who, after all, had been kind to her. And she remembered too that she owed
it her own life as well as her father's.
   "I really can't say yes," she began shakily. "I'd so much like to . . ." 
The Beast interrupted her with an abrupt gesture.
   "I quite understand! And I'm not offended by your refusal!" Life went on as
usual, and nothing further was said. One day, the Beast presented Beauty with 
a magnificent magic mirror. When Beauty peeped into it, she could see her 
family, far away.
   "You won't feel so lonely now," were the words that accompanied the gift. 
Beauty stared for hours at her distant family. Then she began to feel worried.
One day, the Beast found her weeping beside the magic mirror.
   "What's wrong?" he asked, kindly as always.                        
   "My father is gravely ill and close to dying! Oh, how I wish I could see 
him again, before it's too late!" But the Beast only shook its head.
   "No! You will never leave this castle!" And off it stalked in a rage. 
However, a little later, it returned and spoke solemnly to the girl._
   "If you swear that you will return here in seven days time, I'll let you go
and visit your father!" Beauty threw herself at the Beast's feet in delight.
   "I swear! I swear I will! How kind you are! You've made a loving daughter 
so happy!" In reality, the merchant had fallen ill from a broken heart at 
knowing his daughter was being kept prisoner. When he embraced her again, he 
was soon on the road to recovery. Beauty stayed beside him for hours on end, 
describing her life at the Castle, and explaining that the Beast was really 
good and kind. The days flashed past, and at last the merchant was able to 
leave his bed. He was completely well again. Beauty was happy at last. 
However, she had failed to notice that seven days had gone by.
   Then one night she woke from a terrible nightmare. She had dreamt that the 
Beast was dying and calling for her, twisting in agony. 
   "Come back! Come back to me!" it was pleading. The solem  promise she had 
made drove her to leave home immediately. 
   "Hurry! Hurry, good horse!" she said, whipping her steed onwards towards 
the castle, afraid that she might arrive too late. She rushed up the stairs, 
calling, but there was no reply. Her heart in her mouth, Beauty ran into the 
garden and there crouched the Beast, its eyes shut, as though dead. Beauty 
threw herself at it and hugged it tightly.
   "Don't die! Don't die! I'll marry you . . ." At these words, a miracle took
place. The Beast's ugly snout turned magically into the face of a handsome 
young man.
    "How I've been longing for this moment!" he said. "I was suffering in 
silence, and couldn't tell my frightful secret. An evil witch turned me into a
monster and only the love of a maiden willing to accept me as I was, could 
transform me back into my real self. My dearest! I'll be so happy if you'll 
marry me . . ."
   The wedding took place shortly after and, from that day on, the young 
Prince would have nothing but roses in his gardens. And that's why, to this 
day, the castle is known as the Castle of the Rose.
THE BEGGAR'S OPERA by JOHN GAY
Transcribed by Richard Bear <RBEAR@OREGON.UOREGON.EDU>
at the University of Oregon, August 1992.
Originally published 1728, this is based on the printed 
text of 1765. Copyrighted annotations by Mr. Bear have been
removed (please contact him if you are interested.)
This text is in the PUBLIC DOMAIN, posted to Wiretap January 1994.
===================================================================
                                   T H E
                               B E G G A R' S
                                 O P E R A.
                             ------------------
                             Written by Mr. GAY
                             ------------------
                        Nos haec novimus esse nihil.
                                   Mart.
                             DRAMATIS PERSONAE
                             -----------------
                                    MEN
Mr. Peachum.
Lockit.
Macheath.
Filch.
Jemmy Twitcher,               }
Crook-Finger'd Jack,          }
Wat Dreary,                   }
Robin of Bagshot,             }
Nimming Ned,                  }   Macheath's Gang.
Harry Padington,              }
Mat of the Mint,              }
Ben Budge,                    }
Beggar.
Player.
                                   WOMEN
Mrs. Peachum.
Polly Peachum.
Lucy Lockit.
Diana Trapes.
Mrs. Coaxer,                  }
Dolly Trull,                  }
Mrs. Vixen,                   }
Betty Doxy,                   }   Women of the Town.
Jenny Diver,                  }
Mrs. Slammekin,               }
Sukey Tawdrey,                }
Molly Brazen,                 }
                               INTRODUCTION.
                               BEGGAR, PLAYER
                                  Beggar.
If Poverty be a Title to Poetry, I am sure nobody can dispute mine. I own 
myself of the Company of Beggars; and I make one at their Weekly Festivals 
at St. Giles's. I have a small Yearly Salary for my Catches, and am 
welcome to a Dinner there whenever I please, which is more than most Poets 
can say. 
  PLAYER. As we live by the Muses, it is but a Gratitude in us to encourage 
Poetical Merit wherever we find it. The Muses, contrary to all other 
Ladies, pay no Distinction to Dress, and never partially mistake the 
Pertness of Embroidery for Wit, nor the Modesty of Want for Dulness. Be the 
Author who he will, we push his Play as far as it will go. So (though you 
are in Want) I wish you success heartily.
  BEGGAR. This piece I own was originally writ for the celebrating the 
Marriage of James Chanter and Moll Lay, two most excellent Ballad-Singers. 
I have introduced the Similes that are in all your celebrated Operas; The 
Swallow, the Moth, the Bee, the Ship, the Flower, &c. Besides, I have a 
Prison-Scene, which the Ladies always reckon charmingly pathetick. As to 
the Parts, I have observed such a nice Impartiality to our two Ladies that 
it is impossible for either of them to take Offence. I hope I may be 
forgiven, that I have not made my Opera throughout unnatural, like those in 
vogue; for I have no Recitative; excepting this, as I have consented to 
have neither Prologue nor Epilogue, it must be allowed an Opera in all its 
Forms. The Piece indeed hath been heretofore frequently represented by 
ourselves in our Great Room at St. Giles's, so that I cannot too often 
acknowledge your Charity in bringing it now on the Stage.
  PLAYER. But now I see it is time for us to withdraw; the Actors are 
preparing to begin. Play away the Overture.
                                                                   [Exeunt.
                                    THE
                         B E G G A R'S   O P E R A
