little farther into the matter I will let you have a considered
opinion."
  Thus it was that on a bright May evening Holmes and I found
ourselves alone in a first-class carriage and bound for the little
"halt-on-demand" station of Shoscombe. The rack above us was
covered with a formidable litter of rods, reels, and baskets. On
reaching our destination a short drive took us to an old-fashioned
tavern, where a sporting host, Josiah Barnes, entered eagerly
into our plans for the extirpation of the fish of the neighbourhood.
  "What about the Hall lake and the chance of a pike?" said
Holmes.
  The face of the innkeeper clouded.
  "That wouldn't do, sir. You might chance to find yourself in
the lake before you were through."
  "How's that, then?"
  "It's Sir Robert, sir. He's terrible jealous of touts. If you two
strangers were as near his training quarters as that he'd be after
you as sure as fate. He ain't taking no chances, Sir Robert
ain't."
  "I've heard he has a horse entered for the Derby."
  "Yes, and a good colt, too. He carries all our money for the
race, and all Sir Robert's into the bargain. By the way" -- he
looked at us with thoughtful eyes -- "I suppose you ain't on the
turf yourselves?"
  "No, indeed. Just two weary Londoners who badly need
some good Berkshire air."
  "Well, you are in the right place for that. There is a deal of it
lying about. But mind what I have told you about Sir Robert.
He's the sort that strikes first and speaks afterwards. Keep clear
of the park."
  "Surely, Mr. Barnes! We certainly shall. By the way, that was
a most beautiful spaniel that was whining in the hall."
  "I should say it was. That was the real Shoscombe breed.
There ain't a better in England."
  "I am a dog-fancier myself," said Holmes. "Now, if it is a
fair question, what would a prize dog like that cost?"
  "More than I could pay, sir. It was Sir Robert himself who
gave me this one. That's why I have to keep it on a lead. It
would be off to the Hall in a jiffy if I gave it its head."
  "We are getting some cards in our hand, Watson," said
Holmes when the landlord had left us. "It's not an easy one to
play, but we may see our way in a day or two. By the way, Sir
Robert is still in London, I hear. We might, perhaps, enter the
sacred domain to-night without fear of bodily assault. There are
one or two points on which I should like reassurance."
  "Have you any theory, Holmes?"
  "Only this, Watson, that something happened a week or so
ago which has cut deep into the life of the Shoscombe house-
hold. What is that something? We can only guess at it from its
effects. They seem to be of a curiously mixed character. But that
should surely help us. It is only the colourless, uneventful case
which is hopeless.
  "Let us consider our data. The brother no longer visits the
beloved invalid sister. He gives away her favourite dog. Her
dog, Watson! Does that suggest nothing to you?"
  "Nothing but the brother's spite."
  "Well, it might be so. Or -- well, there is an alternative. Now
to continue our review of the situation from the time that the
quarrel, if there is a quarrel, began. The lady keeps her room,
alters her habits, is not seen save when she drives out with her
maid, refuses to stop at the stables to greet her favourite horse
and apparently takes to drink. That covers the case, does it not?"
  "Save for the business in the crypt."
  "That is another line of thought. There are two, and I beg you
will not tangle them. Line A, which concerns Lady Beatrice, has
a vaguely sinister flavour, has it not?"
  "I can make nothing of it."
  "Well, now, let us take up line B, which concerns Sir Robert.
He is mad keen upon winning the Derby. He is in the hands of
the Jews, and may at any moment be sold up and his racing
stables seized by his creditors. He is a daring and desperate
man. He derives his income from his sister. His sister's maid is
his willing tool. So far we seem to be on fairly safe ground, do
we not?"
  "But the crypt?"
  "Ah, yes, the crypt! Let us suppose, Watson -- it is merely a
scandalous supposition, a hypothesis put forward for argument's
sake -- that Sir Robert has done away with his sister."
  "My dear Holmes, it is out of the question."
  "Very possibly, Watson. Sir Robert is a man of an honourable
stock. But you do occasionally find a carrion crow among the
eagles. Let us for a moment argue upon this supposition. He
could not fly the country until he had realized his fortune, and
that fortune could only be realized by bringing off this coup with
Shoscombe Prince. Therefore, he has still to stand his ground.
To do this he would have to dispose of the body of his victim,
and he would also have to find a substitute who would imperson-
ate her. With the maid as his confidante that would not be
impossible. The woman's body might be conveyed to the crypt,
which is a place so seldom visited, and it might be secretly
destroyed at night in the furnace, leaving behind it such evidence
as we have already seen. What say you to that, Watson?"
  "Wel], it is all possible if you grant the original monstrous
supposition."
  "I think that there is a small experiment which we may try
to-morrow, Watson, in order to throw some light on the matter.
Meanwhile, if we mean to keep up our characters, I suggest that
we have our host in for a glass of his own wine and hold some
high converse upon eels and dace, which seems to be the straight
road to his affections. We may chance to come upon some useful
local gossip in the process."
  In the morning Holmes discovered that we had come without
our spoon-bait for jack, which absolved us from fishing for the
day. About eleven o'clock we started for a walk, and he obtained
leave to take the black spaniel with us.
  "This is the place," said he as we came to two high park
gates with heraldic griffins towering above them. "About mid-
day, Mr Barnes informs me, the old lady takes a drive, and the
carriage must slow down while the gates are opened. When it
comes through, and before it gathers speed, I want you, Watson,
to stop the coachman with some question. Never mind me. I shall
stand behind this holly-bush and see what I can see."
  It was not a long vigil. Within a quarter of an hour we saw the
big open yellow barouche coming down the long avenue, with
two splendid, high-stepping gray carriage horses in the shafts.
Holmes crouched behind his bush with the dog. I stood uncon-
cemedly swinging a cane in the roadway. A keeper ran out and
the gates swung open.
  The carriage had slowed to a walk, and I was able to get a
good look at the occupants. A highly coloured young woman
with flaxen hair and impudent eyes sat on the left. At her right
was an elderly person with rounded back and a huddle of shawls
about her face and shoulders which proclaimed the invalid.
When the horses reached the highroad I held up my hand with an
authoritative gesture, and as the coachman pulled up I inquired if
Sir Robert was at Shoscombe Old Place.
  At the same moment Holmes stepped out and released the
spaniel. With a joyous cry it dashed forward to the carriage and
sprang upon the step. Then in a moment its eager greeting
changed to furious rage, and it snapped at the black skirt above
  "Drive on! Drive on!" shrieked a harsh voice. The coachman
lashed the horses, and we were left standing in the roadway.
  "Well, Watson, that's done it," said Holmes as he fastened
the lead to the neck of the excited spaniel. "He thought it was
his mistress, and he found it was a stranger. Dogs don't make
mistakes."
  "But it was the voice of a man!" I cried.
  "Exactly! We have added one card to our hand, Watson, but
it needs careful playing, all the same."
  My companion seemed to have no further plans for the day,
and we did actually use our fishing tackle in the mill-stream
with the result that we had a dish of trout for our supper. It was
only after that meal that Holmes showed signs of renewed activ-
ity. Once more we found ourselves upon the same road as in the
morning, which led us to the park gates. A tall, dark figure was
awaiting us there, who proved to be our London acquaintance,
Mr. John Mason, the trainer.
  "Good-evening, gentlemen," said he. "I got your note, Mr.
Holmes. Sir Robert has not returned yet, but I hear that he is
expected to-night."
  "How far is this crypt from the house?" asked Holmes.
  "A good quarter of a mile."
  "Then I think we can disregard him altogether."
  "I can't afford to do that, Mr. Holmes. The moment he
arrives he will want to see me to get the last news of Shoscombe
Prince."
  "I see! In that case we must work without you, Mr. Mason.
You can show us the crypt and then leave us."
  It was pitch-dark and without a moon, but Mason led us over
the grass-lands until a dark mass loomed up in front of us which
proved to be the ancient chapel. We entered the broken gap
which was once the porch, and our guide, stumbling among heaps
of loose masonry, picked his way to the corner of the building,
where a steep stair led down into the crypt. Striking a match, he
illuminated the melancholy place -- dismal and evil-smelling, with
ancient crumbling walls of rough-hewn stone, and piles of cof-
fins, some of lead and some of stone, extending upon one side
right up to the arched and groined roof which lost itself in the
shadows above our heads. Holmes had lit his lantern, which shot
a tiny tunnel of vivid yellow light upon the mournful scene. Its
rays were reflected back from the coffin-plates, many of them
adorned with the griffin and coronet of this old family which
carried its honours even to the gate of Death.
  "You spoke of some bones, Mr. Mason. Could you show
them before you go?"
  "They are here in this corner." The trainer strode across and
then stood in silent surprise as our light was turned upon the
place. "They are gone," said he.
  "So I expected," said Holmes, chuckling. "I fancy the ashes
of them might even now be found in that oven which had already
consumed a part."
  "But why in the world would anyone want to burn the bones
of a man who has been dead a thousand years?" asked John
Mason.
  "That is what we are here to find out," said Holmes. "It may
mean a long search, and we need not detain you. I fancy that we
shall get our solution before morning."
  When John Mason had left us, Holmes set to work making a
very careful examination of the graves, ranging from a very
ancient one, which appeared to be Saxon, in the centre, through
a long line of Norman Hugos and Odos, until we reached the Sir
William and Sir Denis Falder of the eighteenth century. It was an
hour or more before Holmes came to a leaden coffin standing on
end before the entrance to the vault. I heard his little cry of
satisfaction and was aware from his hurried but purposeful move-
ments that he had reached a goal. With his lens he was eagerly
examining the edges of the heavy lid. Then he drew from his
pocket a short jemmy, a box-opener, which he thrust into a
chink, levering back the whole front, which seemed to be se-
cured by only a couple of clamps. There was a rending, tearing
sound as it gave way, but it had hardly hinged back and partly
revealed the contents before we had an unforeseen interruption.
  Someone was walking in the chapel above. It was the firm,
rapid step of one who came with a definite purpose and knew
well the ground upon which he walked. A light streamed down
the stairs, and an instant later the man who bore it was framed in
the Gothic archway. He was a terrible figure, huge in stature and
fierce in manner. A large stable-lantern which he held in front of
him shone upward upon a strong, heavily moustached face and
angry eyes, which glared round him into every recess of the
vault, finally fixing themselves with a deadly stare upon my
companion and myself.
  "Who the devil are you?" he thundered. "And what are you
doing upon my property?" Then, as Holmes returned no answer
he took a couple of steps forward and raised a heavy stick which
he carried. "Do you hear me?" he cried. "Who are you? What
are you doing here?" His cudgel quivered in the air.
  But instead of shrinking Holmes advanced to meet him.
  "I also have a question to ask you, Sir Robert," he said in his
sternest tone. "Who is this? And what is it doing here?"
  He turned and tore open the coffin-lid behind him. In the glare
of the lantern I saw a body swathed in a sheet from head to foot
with dreadful, witch-like features, all nose and chin, projecting
at one end, the dim, glazed eyes staring from a discoloured and
crumbling face.
  The baronet had staggered back with a cry and supported
himself against a stone sarcophagus.
  "How came you to know of this?" he cried. And then, with
some return of his truculent manner: "What business is it of
yours?"
  "My name is Sherlock Holmes," said my companion. "Pos-
sibly it is familiar to you. In any case, my business is that of
every other good citizen -- to uphold the law. It seems to me that
you have much to answer for."
  Sir Robert glared for a moment, but Holmes's quiet voice and
cool, assured manner had their effect.
  " 'Fore God, Mr. Holmes, it's all right," said he. "Appear-
ances are against me, I'll admit, but I could act no otherwise."
  "I should be happy to think so, but I fear your explanations
must be before the police."
  Sir Robert shrugged his broad shoulders.
  "Well, if it must be, it must. Come up to the house and you
can judge for yourself how the matter stands."
  A quarter of an hour later we found ourselves in what I judge,
from the lines of polished barrels behind glass covers, to be the
gun-room of the old house. It was comfortably furnished, and
here Sir Robert left us for a few moments. When he returned he
had two companions with him; the one, the florid young woman
whom we had seen in the carriage; the other, a small rat-faced
man with a disagreeably furtive manner. These two wore an
appearance of utter bewilderment, which showed that the baronet
had not yet had time to explain to them the turn events had
taken.
  "There," said Sir Robert with a wave of his hand, "are Mr.
and Mrs. Norlett. Mrs. Norlett, under her maiden name of
Evans, has for some years been my sister's confidential maid. I
have brought them here because I feel that my best course is to
explain the true position to you, and they are the two people
upon earth who can substantiate what I say."
  "Is this necessary, Sir Robert? Have you thought what you are
doing?" cried the woman.
  "As to me, I entirely disclaim all responsibility," said her
husband.
  Sir Robert gave him a glance of contempt. "I will take all
responsibility," said he. "Now, Mr. Holmes, listen to a plain
statement of the facts.
  "You have clearly gone pretty deeply into my affairs or I
should not have found you where I did. Therefore, you know
already, in all probability, that I am running a dark horse for the
Derby and that everything depends upon my success. If I win, all
is easy. If I lose -- well, I dare not think of that!"
  "I understand the position," said Holmes.
  "I am dependent upon my sister, Lady Beatrice, for every-
thing. But it is well known that her interest in the estate is for her
own life only. For myself, I am deeply in the hands of the Jews.
I have always known that if my sister were to die my creditors
would be on to my estate like a flock of vultures. Everything
would be seized -- my stables, my horses -- everything. Well, Mr.
Holmes, my sister did die just a week ago."
  "And you told no one!"
  "What could I do? Absolute ruin faced me. If I could stave
things off for three weeks all would be well. Her maid's husband -- 
this man here -- is an actor. It came into our heads -- it came into
my head -- that he could for that short period personate my sister.
It was but a case of appearing daily in the carriage, for no one
need enter her room save the maid. It was not difficult to
arrange. My sister died of the dropsy which had long afflicted
her."
  "That will be for a coroner to decide."
  "Her doctor would certify that for months her symptoms have
threatened such an end."
  "Well, what did you do?"
  "The body could not remain there. On the first night Norlett
and I carried it out to the old well-house, which is now never
used. We were followed, however, by her pet spaniel, which
yapped continually at the door, so I felt some safer place was
needed. I got rid of the spaniel, and we carried the body to the
crypt of the church. There was no indignity or irreverence, Mr.
Holmes. I do not feel that I have wronged the dead."
  "Your conduct seems to me inexcusable, Sir Robert."
  The baronet shook his head impatiently. "It is easy to preach,"
said he. "Perhaps you would have felt differently if you had
been in my position. One cannot see all one's hopes and all
one's plans shattered at the last moment and make no effort to
save them. It seemed to me that it would be no unworthy
resting-place if we put her for the time in one of the coffins of
her husband's ancestors lying in what is still consecrated ground.
We opened such a coffin, removed the contents, and placed her
as you have seen her. As to the old relics which we took out, we
could not leave them on the floor of the crypt. Norlett and I
removed them, and he descended at night and burned them in the
central furnace. There is my story, Mr. Holmes, though how you
forced my hand so that I have to tell it is more than I can say."
  Holmes sat for some time lost in thought.
  "There is one flaw in your narrative, Sir Robert," he said at
last. "Your bets on the race, and therefore your hopes for the
future, would hold good even if your creditors seized your
estate."
  "The horse would be part of the estate. What do they care for
my bets? As likely as not they would not run him at all. My
chief creditor is, unhappily, my most bitter enemy -- a rascally
fellow, Sam Brewer, whom I was once compelled to horsewhip
on Newmarket Heath. Do you suppose that he would try to save
me?"
  "Well, Sir Robert," said Holmes, rising, "this matter must,
of course, be referred to the police. It was my duty to bring the
facts to light, and there I must leave it. As to the morality or
decency of your conduct, it is not for me to express an opinion.
It is nearly midnight, Watson, and I think we may make our way
back to our humble abode."
  It is generally known now that this singular episode ended
upon a happier note than Sir Robert's actions deserved. Shoscombe
Prince did win the Derby, the sporting owner did net eighty
thousand pounds in bets, and the creditors did hold their hand
until the race was over, when they were paid in full, and enough
was left to reestablish Sir Robert in a fair position in life. Both
police and coroner took a lenient view of the transaction, and
beyond a mild censure for the delay in registering the lady's
decease, the lucky owner got away scatheless from this strange
incident in a career which has now outlived its shadows and
promises to end in an honoured old age.
                          A SHREWD FARMER'S STORY
   Once upon a time there lived a farmer who worked far from his home in the 
fields of a rich baron.
   In the past, gangs of bandits hid in the mountains rising behind the plain 
but the emperor had sent his soldiers to find and kill the thieves and now the
area was safe and quiet. Every once in a while, however, old weapons from past
battles could be found in the fields.
   While he was chopping a stump one day, the farmer found a bag full of gold.
The farmer had only ever seen silver coins in his life, and he was so 
astonished to find all that gold, that when he started walking home it was 
already dark. On his way home, the farmer thought about the problems that this
sudden wealth could cause him.
   First of all, everything found on the baron's territory belonged to the 
baron. By law, the farmer had to hand the gold over to the baron. The farmer 
decided that it was much more fair for him to keep the treasure because he was
very poor, rather than giving it to the baron who already had a lot of money. 
He realized the risk he would run if anyone found out about his luck. He would
never tell anyone, of course, but his wife had a reputation for talking too 
much and she would never keep a secret. Sooner or later he would end up in 
jail.
   He thought the problem over and over until he found a solution. Before 
getting home he left the bag full of gold in a bush next to some pine trees 
and the day after, instead of going to work, he went by the village to buy a 
few nice trout, some doughnuts and a rabbit. In the afternoon he went home and
said to his wife:
   "Get your wicker basket and come with me. Yesterday it rained  and the wood
is full of mushrooms. We must get to them before someone else does!" The wife,
who loved mushrooms, picked up her basket and followed her husband. When they 
got to the woods the farmer ran to his wife shouting: 
   "Look! Look! We have found a doughnut tree!" and he showed her the branches
he previously loaded with doughnuts. 
   The wife was astonished but she was even more puzzled when, instead of 
mushrooms, she found trout in the grass. The farmer laughed happily.
   "Today is our lucky day! My grandfather said that everyone has one lucky 
day. We might even find a treasure!" In addition to being a gossip, the
farmer's wife was also a sucker. So she believed her husband and repeated, 
while looking around: "This is our lucky day, this is our lucky day."
   The basket of the woman was full of fish by now. When she and her husband
reached the banks the farmer ran ahead of her, looked into the thicket and
said:
   "Yesterday I laid out my nets and I want to check whether I've caught any 
fish or shrimps." A few minutes later the wife heard the husband shout:
   "Run and see what I've caught! What extraordinary luck! I've fished a 
rabbit!" They were walking back home and the wife kept talking excitedly about
the great dinner with the doughnuts, the fish and the rabbit. The husband 
said: "Let's go by the wood again. We could find other doughnuts!"
   They went to the spot where the farmer had hidden his gold coins. The farmer
pretended to find something.
   "Look over here! There's a strange bag and... it's full of gold! This is an
enchanted forest. We found the doughnuts on the trees, then we found the trout
in the grass and now... gold." The poor woman was so excited that tears filled
her eyes. She could not utter another word and gulped as she touched the shiny
coins.
   At home, after dinner, neither of the two could fall asleep. The farmer and
his wife kept getting up to look over the treasure they had hidden in an old 
boot. The day after the farmer went back to work, but first said to his wife:
   "Don't tell anybody about what happened yesterday." And he repeated the 
same recommendation every day after that. Pretty soon, however, the entire 
village had heard about the treasure. The farmer and his wife were called by 
the baron and when they went in to see him the farmer tried to stand behind 
his wife. His wife, at the request of the baron, spoke first of the doughnuts,
then of the trout on the grass and lastly of the rabbit in the river. 
Meanwhile, behind her, the husband kept tapping his forehead with his finger 
and gesticulating to the baron. The baron began looking at the woman with pity.
   "And then I bet you found a treasure, too."
   "That's right, Sir!" the woman said. The baron turned to the farmer and, 
tapping his finger on his forehead sympathetically said:
   "I see what you mean. Unfortunately, I have the same problem with my 
wife . . ."
   The farmers were sent home and no one believed their story. And so the 
shrewd farmer didn't go to jail and spent his money wisely.
                    The Hunter and the Hunted
     Lieutenant Brown sat in his command pod 1 kilometer away from
the enormous space hulk, a huge, derelict space ship thousands of
years old.  He sat in the dim room hunched over the console,
watching the marines move down the corridor through the camera
mounts.
     "DaCosta!" the lieutenant shouted through the comlink, "Move
your squads toward sector Zed Zed Alpha.  The main offensive
requires your presence."
     "Copy that Lieutenant, moving now," replied DaCosta.
     DaCosta had turned and made a quick count to make sure he had
all of his marines.  "Pestilato.  Take the point.  Everyone else
fall in."  A Terminator moved in front of DaCosta, its massive bulk
moving smoothly.  The footsteps rang out throughout the dark
corridor.
     Pestilato moved up the corridor, DaCosta right behind him. 
They came upon a four-way intersection, three corridors were
blocked by thick bulkheads.  The way they came was the only way
open.  "Not a problem," Pestilato said calmly.  His chain fist
juddered to life and he cut into the bulkhead.  In seconds, there
was a Terminator-sized hole where the bulkhead used to be.
     DaCosta watched carefully, looking out for genestealers.  His
bio-scanner detected an unidentifiable amount of lifeforms, about
fifty meters away and closing fast.  "DaCosta to Lieutenant Brown. 
Lifeforms detected.  Possible genestealers.  Awaiting
instructions."
     "Continue in present direction.  Any resistance should be met
with deadly force."
     "Understood," replied DaCosta.
     Pestilato saw the blips on his bio-scanner.  "Sir.  Lifeforms
detected.  Genestealers confirmed."
     "Keep cool," replied Crowe, "Don't get overzealous.  We have
to make it through.  Find a defensive position and set on
overwatch."
     Pestilato raised his storm bolter, a heavy, double barrelled,
automatic weapon that fired hollow-tipped explosive-charged
caseless rounds.  He flipped the switch that set his storm bolter
to fire faster than it was designed to.  Pestilato looked up, and
saw three genestealers closing in on him fast.
     There they were, three grotesque creatures, the stuff you
could only dream about, things so horrible that they couldn't
possibly be real.  Yet there they stood.  Three huge, ominous
creatures with large purple heads and gleaming red eyes.  They
stood at least seven feet tall and were hunched over.  Their legs
looked similiar to a dog's, with haunches and clawed feet.  They
had four arms, two with normal human hands and two with claws that
could cut through steel like it was soft butter.  This nightmare
was sheathed in a tough carapace shell.
     "Genestealers confirmed!  At least three coming in fast!" said
Pestilato as he pressed the trigger of his storm bolter.  Shot
after shot poured into the alien, creating large craters in its
shell, creating a mist of putrid green blood.  The creature
squealed and fell to the ground.
     "Nicodemus to DaCosta.  We were delayed by a surprise
Genestealer attack.  No casualties.  We should be in your area...
now."  Just then, Nicodemus stepped in followed by Fabian and
Boubonicus.  Nicodemus wore the Aegis suit of a Terminator
Librarian, a warrior with powerful psionics.  Fabian was carrying
a heavy flamer while Boubonicus was wielding Lightning claws, large
gloves with claws surging with energy designed to rip the carapace
from a genestealer's body and get at the soft flesh beneath.
     "Proceed to designated area." replied DaCosta.  "Pestilato. 
Fall back.  We're following Nicodemus."
     "Unable to comply, sir.  Genestealers are waiting just out of
my line of sight.  As soon as I - Aaaaaaarrrrgggghh!"  Just then,
Pestilato fell to the ground, a huge slash in the center of his
chest.  His blood soaked the front of his armour as well as the
claws of the genestealer who killed him.  DaCosta heard the steady
hiss of air as it escaped from Pestilato's Terminator suit.
     "Pestilato's down!" shouted DaCosta.  DaCosta fired as he
moved back to the others.  The genestealer took about fifteen
rounds to the head and countless others hit the Stealer's body.  It
was dead before it hit the ground.
     "DaCosta, this is Brown.  Pull out and move to the designated
area.  The offensive is looking grim."  DaCosta noticed that
Brown's voice was wavering, as if he was nervous or excited.
     "Iglesias reporting in sir.  I have Karell here with me."
     DaCosta turned to see his old friend.  Behind Iglesias was
Karell, a man that had the spirit of a wild stallion and great
fighting ability.  Karell was on assault cannon detail.  Although
dangerous, that's the way Karell liked things.
     "The other three are behind us.  They should be here
momentarily."
     "Good, because we don't have much time to wait.  The
genestealers are all around us.  We have to move - Aaarrggh!" 
DaCosta felt a great weight slam into him from behind.  He had
enough time to turn around and see a genestealer trying to rip him
apart.  He drew his powersword as the stealer attacked.  The clawed
hand was aimed right for his face, but DaCosta was able to get the
sword up in time.  He returned the blow, slashing the top of the
stealer's head.
     Karell positioned himself up against a wall, ready for any
stealers that came his way.
     "Stargrod here.  We have arrived.  Awaiting instructions."
     "Find a defensive position.  We have to fight off this first
wave if we are to move any further."
     By now, Fabian and Nicodemus were in a long corridor.
     "Set up, back to back formation," said Nicodemus.
     "Yes sir."  Nicodemus backed up to Fabian and fired his flamer
into an intersection that would lead a long line of stealers to the
captain and the others.  "Suppressing fire established."
     "Good.  I'm on overwatch, all we have to do is wait for the
captain and the others."  As he finished his sentence, Nicodemus
saw several genestealers advancing on his position.  He fired his
storm bolter, tearing two of them apart.  The last one managed to
dodge the high-explosive shells.  It raised its arm to slash
Nicodemus's face off.
     Nicodemus was faster.  Channelling psychic energy into his
force axe, he brought the axe down on the shoulder of the stealer,
lopping two of the arms off.  The stealer fell to the ground
squealing, trying in vain to reach the Librarian.  It soon bled to
death.  "Allright, let's move."
     "You go first.  I'll cover our advance." replied Fabian.
     "Good.  Go." said Nicodemus.
     Nicodemus moved forward as Fabian backed up.  Fabian continued
to fire his flamer at the same intersection, buying the other
marines the time they desperately needed to regroup.
     "Let's go!  Move, move, move!" shouted DaCosta, "Boubonicus! 
You take point!"
     Boubonicus moved in front of the captain.  He pulled in front
of Fabian, who had his back to him.  Boubonicus readied himself for
the stealers coming down the corridor.  The first one was on him. 
Boubonicus drew back a hand and slashed the stealer.  The lightning
claws struck the back of the stealer, tearing away the carapace. 
Boubonicus used his other hand to stab the stealer in the back. 
The claws pierced the soft flesh, killing the stealer instantly.
     Two other stealers jumped on Boubonicus, knocking him to the
ground.  He slashed fiercly with his claws, cutting deeply into a
stealer's belly, causing blood to splurt out onto Boubonicus's
armor.  He backhanded the other stealer, knocking it back.  It
charged him again.  Boubonicus lowered his claws, ready for the
stealer.  The stealer impaled itself on the claws.  It swung at
Boubonicus in a last ditch effort to kill him, but the weak blow
bounced off the armor.
     As Boubonicus pulled the claws out of the limp body, a stealer
he hadn't seen came out from the darkness.  He had no time to put
up his claws to defend himself.  The stealer pounced on him and
clawed away at his chest and arms, tearing the armor to shreds.
     "Help!  Get it off!  Get it off!  Aaaaaaarrrrggghhh!"
     DaCosta couldn't see what happened to Boubonicus, but heard
his pleas for help over the intercom.  He heard the rending of
metal and flesh, and soon, the sounds became indistinguishable.  He
then heard the sounds of bolter fire, and the squealing of a dying
stealer.
     "Keep moving!" shouted Iglesias over the noise of the battle. 
Iglesias and his squad moved down the corridor after the captain.
     Stranski, the last in line, felt a huge weight on his back
that forced him to the ground.  He heard it clawing away at his
armour.  "Help me!  Shoot it!  Shoot it!  I can't reach it with my
power glove!  Heeelllpp Mmmeeee!!"  Those were Stranski's last
words.  He felt the claws digging into his back.  The pain was
unreal.  Then he heard it clawing at the inside of his armour,
telling him that it had cut through him.  Then his world turned
black.
     Karell turned just as the stealer finished ripping Stranski
apart.  He thumbed the assault cannon to life.  The barrels spun at
fantastic speed, becoming a blur.  Bullet after bullet hit the
stealer, reducing it to a fine green mist.  After destroying it, he
turned and caught up to his fellow marines.
     "Karell, come with me.  We're taking a different corridor. 
We're gonna cut off those stealers!"
     Karell said nothing, but nodded to Iglesias.  The two
seperated from the rest at the intersection Fabian had been firing
at for so long.
     Nicodemus moved into a room.  There were three other exits. 
before he had time to think of which one to use, stealers were
bearing down on him from the right corridor and the corridor in
front of him.  He fired his storm bolter, killing two of them.  He
then backed into a corner.  There would be no relief, the others
were too far behind.
     The stealers advanced on his position.  Nicodemus pulled the
trigger on his storm bolter, but no shots were fired.  The magazine
fell out of the bolter and hit the ground.  The sound could not be
heard over the rushing genestealers.  Before Nicodemus had time to
reload, the stealers attacked from both sides.
     Nicodemus channeled his psychic energy into his force aze and
brought it down on a stealer, decapitating it.  He channeled more
energy into it and attacked another stealer.  The stealer managed
to dodge out of the way, but could not counter the attack. 
Nicodemus channeled the last of his psychic energy into a final
blow, and slashed at a stealer.  The stealer dropped, oozing blood
from a huge wound in its side.
     Nicodemus saw more stealers coming down at him through the
corridors.  He backed into a corridor on his left, reloaded his
bolter and set it on overwatch.  He fired at the stealers that were
coming at him.  He shot each one over and over again.  Every
stealer he shot died instantly.  He pressed the trigger until the
magazine was empty.  The stealers kept coming.
     "Get back!" yelled Fabian into his comlink right before he
fired his flamer into the room the stealers were charging at
Nicodemus through, obliterating all of them.  They burst into flame
and fell to the ground.  They tried in vain to reach Nicodemus, who
was just outside the room.
     "That's it!  I'm out of juice!  I'm gonna have to reload! 
Give me a minute!"  Fabian pulled out the empty container of
"Flamer Juice" and dropped it on the floor.  He reached around with
his left hand and pulled another one out of a compartment on his
back.  He popped it into where the old one was.  He connected the
feed tube to the container and was set.
     Stargrod and Kinner were trying to catch up to DaCosta and the
others.  Stargrod turned around to see if there were any stealers
behind them.  A stealer jumped on him, clawing and biting at his
helmet.  The helmet came off.  Stargrod tried to swat at the
stealer with his power glove, but to no avail.  The stealer drew
back a clawed hand.  Stargrod tried to scream, but could not.  He
could only watch in horror as the clawed hand came down upon his
face.
     Kinner heard a crunching and grating sound, like metal on
metal.  He then heard a squishing sound over and over again. 
"Stargrod?" he said as he turned around.  When he turned around, he
saw Stargrod, or at least, what he thought was Stargrod.  All he
saw was a suit of Terminator armour lying on the ground.  He saw a
bloody pulp where Stargrod's face should have been.  Beside the
carnage, Kinner saw a helmet that looked like it had been cut open
by a can opener.  He then saw the stealer hovering over Stargrod,
blood dripping from it's mouth and claws.
     The stealer leapt at Kinner, throwing him to the ground. 
Kinner tried to fight it off, but his arms were pinned by the great
bulk of the stealer.  The stealer started to chew its way through
the helmet.  Kinner could only watch as the saliva of the creature
ran down his visor.  He watched the strong jaws chew up and down. 
He heard the seals on the helmet break.  The helmet came off, and
he was then face to face with his killer.  The stealer opened its
jaws.
     DaCosta heard a blood curdling scream from around the corner. 
"Stargrod!  Kinner!  Sound off!"
     Silence.
     "Stargrod!  Kinner!  Respond!  Where are you!?"
     Silence.
     Nicodemus backed into a junction between two rooms.
     "Relax, Nicodemus.  This is Karell.  I've got your back
covered."
     "I'm going up to the exit.  Cover me."  Iglesias said as he
moved forward.  The stealers went after him, but he kept moving.
     Nicodemus was glad to hear the soothing voice of Karell. 
Nicodemus reloaded his storm bolter again.  He heard the assault
cannon spin to life and pump shots into the disgusting lifeforms. 
By now, they would be dying.
     Karell held the trigger down, continuing to put shots into the
stealers.  Then the bullets stopped coming out of the barrels.  The
ammo counter kept counting, but no shots were firing.
     "She's gonna --- Aaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrgggggghhhh!!"  The assault
cannon jammed and exploded.
     Nicodemus turned as Karell screamed.  He saw the cannon
explode.  It was suddenly very hot.  His armour was melting away. 
"Nnnnnnnnnnnooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!"  Nicodemus
managed to scream before he died.
     With his cover fire gone, Iglesias knew he couldn't make it. 
He saw blips right before the exit registering on his bio-scanner. 
He was then tackled from behind.  He rolled onto his back to see a
genestealer on top of him.  "Get off me you slimy - Aaaaaarrrgggh!"
     The genestealer had ripped Iglesias's right arm off.  Iglesias
brought up his power glove and crushed the stealer's head.  Another
stealer leaped onto Iglesias, slashing him to pieces.
     Fabian and DaCosta moved into the room where Karell exploded. 
They saw fragments of Karell's armor, as well as Nicodemus's burnt
and mangled force axe.
     "Fabian.  Close up.  Back to back formation.  If they want to
kill us, they're going to have to work for it."
     "Yes sir."
     Fabian saw genestealers pouring into the room.  He fired his
flamer.  Out of six genestealers, five burned to the ground.  The
last one got through the flames to Fabian.  Though it was burning,
the stealer ignored it and attacked.  Fabian raised his power
glove, but not in time.  The stealer slashed through his chest,
nearly cutting him in half.  Fabian only gurgled before he fell to
the ground.
     DaCosta didn't hear Fabian die over the sounds of his storm
bolter and the dying genestealers.  DaCosta heard Lieutenant
Brown's voice over the comlink.  "Turn around!  Turn around!"
     DaCosta turned around to see Fabian lying on the ground,
bleeding all over the floor.  Fabian's helmet had fallen off during
the attack.  Fabian's empty eyes looked at DaCosta with a look of
despair and pain.  He also saw the stealer that killed him.  "Die,
you filthy scum!"  DaCosta drew his power sword just as the stealer
swung at him.  DaCosta couldn't get his sword up in time to block
the blow.  The blow ripped through the armour and into his chest. 
He felt part of his arm ripped away.  He saw his right hand and
storm bolter get tossed away.  He felt the bile rise in his throat. 
The stealer struck him again, this time square in the chest.  The
claws dug into the armour, piercing DaCosta's chest.
     DaCosta opened his mouth and felt blood drip from his mouth
onto the floor.  He fell to his knees, dropping the sword.  The
stealer swung once more, cutting through the armour easily and
cutting into DaCosta's side.  He rolled on his left side.  The
genestealer then slashed deep into DaCosta's face.
     Lieutenant Brown saw the screen that was linked to DaCosta's
camera mount go dark like the other nine.  "They are all gone.  We
will always remember.  Sergeant Lazarus, the reinforcements were
unable to reach you.  Fall back and regroup."
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
         (313)558-5024 - Supra 14.4 - Sysop: Gug
               A Game Master Support BBS
          RPG, Homebrew Beer,  & Fiction Text
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
Author: cbcsc063@ma.secs.csun.edu (Roger M. Wilcox a.k.a. Jeff Boeing)
Anyways, IUDC was written (primarily) in 1986.  This story, The Sick Kids,
is its sequel, and was written two years later in 1988.  To date this is
the only novel-length work of fiction I have concocted, and it still stands
as one of my better (though still seriously flawed) prose works.
Those of you who have memorized the nuances of all the AD&D first edition
loopholes will doubtlessly get a big kick out of this.  Especially if you
picked apart "Unearthed Arcana" the way I did when I got it in the *middle*
of writing this story.  (Unearthed Arcana is referred to as "The Other Book
of Infinite Wisdom" by the characters in this story.)
If anyone's interested, I can put together an ASCII version of the actual
character sheets for the characters in this story.  I used them *constantly*
for reference to make sure I wasn't missing any of their (tons of) abilities
or enabling them to do anything they couldn't.
----------CUT HERE----------CUT HERE-----------CUT HERE----------
   Roger M. Wilcox                           Length = 55000 words
18550 Prairie St. # 10
 Northridge, CA 91324
    April 2, 1987
                         "The Sick Kids"
                         Roger M. Wilcox
                             PART ONE
     Sick Sword nursed her baby daughter in one arm and her Sick
Sword in the other.  Disgusting Sword was quite a name to be born
with, but she was worth it.  After all, she would never have even
been born had not the Intercontinental Union of Disgusting
Characters brought Sick Sword and Ringman the paladin together.
     Ringman entered from a nearby room and smiled at the sight. 
About a year ago, Sick Sword had moved the small keep she'd
gained from the Deck of Many Things to the same clearing in which
she and Ringman had had their first romantic interlude, and the
sunlit trees sparkled gaily through the portal spells -- er,
windows.  This place hadn't seen any combat in its life, and
Ringman always liked being able to walk around without having to
wear +5 plate mail.
     "Do you know what day this is?" Sick Sword asked as she
simultaneously carried on a telepathic conversation with the Sick
Sword.
     "It's Tuesday," Ringman chuckled in reply.
     "Mm hmm.  It was also one year ago this date that the
I.U.D.C. was completely disbanded."
     "Oh, that's _right_!  It is, isn't it?  And it's also the
first anniversary of Omnion's death."
     "Thank goodness you got rid of her, too.  She was a real
pain.  I'm just sorry that God II doesn't condone going to the
outer planes and destroying someone's soul, otherwise I'd --"
     "-- But you wouldn't want to lose your alignment status, now
would you?" Ringman assured her.
     "Mm, I s'pose not.  I just don't like the thought of her
taking over Hell, or coming back as a 49th-level arch-lich, or
plane-travelling to any of the other outer planes and wreaking
any more havoc."
     Ringman hadn't heard of this last one.  "She can do that?"
     "Well, not for another 99 years; and even then she couldn't
get away with much.  Most of her power lay in her magic items,
and they've all been stored away in The Dungeon."
     "Uh, you _do_ mean a few levels _below_ The Dungeon, don't
you?"
     "Yeah, yeah, well, it's all the same place," Sick Sword
agreed as she put down her Sick Sword.  "I had to do _something_
with that old freehold of mine, didn't I?  And what better use is
there for stone walls and adamantite bars than to hold all the
surviving Union members?"
     "Ah yes.  Wild Max, the Grandfather of Assassins; Rango, the
17th-level ranger; Dirk the Destructive, the 20th-level anti-
paladin; Da Bad Dude, the 31st-level evil illusionist; and that
dastardly 20th-level 'paladin' Peter Perfect.  I hope I never see
any of 'em again."
     "Without their magic items and stripped of their psionic
powers, they're just as harmless as 31st-level kittens."
     Ringman suppressed a shudder and decided to change the
subject.  "So, what were you discussing with your sword just
now?"
     'He's getting pretty perceptive,' Sick Sword noted.  "I was
just seeing how well it was doing in the major benign powers
department."
     "And how many major powers does it have now?"
     "It's up to five.  Two more and I get another prime power."
     Ringman shook his head and snorted a disbelieving chuckle as
he turned and walked out of the room.  "I always thought it took
more than a year for something to become an artifact," he
muttered.
     The Sick Sword's rate of power gain _was_ pretty impressive,
she figured.  "I have eight extraordinary powers and eight
special purposes," the Sick Sword had told her.  "I'm almost an
artifact right now.  Why not let me go that last extra step and
become a real artifact?"  She had agreed, but she also made sure
that the sword picked up enough malevolent and side effects to
keep its personality score below hers.  The sword, therefore, now
had "alignment of possessor permanently changed to that of item"
and "user has limited omniscience" as well as bestowing total
immunity to all forms of mental and psionic attack.
     She fingered Disgusting Sword's chin lightly, and the baby
replied with "Hi mommy, you feel nice."  Age 3 months was a
little late to start speaking, but she would catch up.  She'd
need all the skills she could muster if she were to become as
powerful as Sick Sword wanted her to be.
     And then again, she thought as she rubbed her belly, if
Disgusting Sword didn't measure up, there was always the next
child she was pregnant with.
                                #
     "YOU!!" Rango screamed, clawing through the adamantite bars. 
"YOU'RE the one who got me into this mess!  You ought to be in
one of these cells just as much as any of us!!"
     Clerasil the 38th-level high priest maintained his smugness. 
"If you recall, I changed my mind."
     "Yeah, right, and I suppose none of the other Union members
gave you AAANNYYY peer pressure to stay in the group!"
     "That's right."
     "That's because you were away from headquarters when you
defected!!"
     "True, true.  But Wierd Dough wasn't away from
headquarters."
     "He was also nearly fried by that half-elven ultra-arch-
devil!"
     "Koenieg, Middle Monk, and Melnic the Loud thought the risk
was worth taking."
     "My God IV, man, Wierd Dough didn't even let me IN on what
was going on!!"
     "You knew about them later.  Omnion was practically
screaming their names out at every turn, from what I hear.  You
could _always_ have come over to the Right Side."
     "UP YOUR SIXTEEN-FOOT-STOP, CLERASIL!!"
     Clerasil, in the most insulting gesture he could dream up,
grinned at him and left without another word.
     "Looks like Rango hasn't calmed down yet," Wierd Dough the
49th-level arch-mage commented when Clerasil joined him.
     "Yeah, yeah, and he's sort-of right."  Clerasil was looking
slightly down and away.  "We _did_ make the Union in the first
place, after all."
     "Hmmph.  Don't think Peter Perfect wasn't instrumental in
that too."
     Koenieg the 14th-level Great Druid broke his druidic
silence.  "It is very convenient for you, then, to have Peter
Perfect to dump all of your blame and guilt on."
     Wierd Dough blinked at that.  Clerasil only looked down and
away even more.
     Middle Monk the Grand Master of Flowers, meanwhile,
approached Da Bad Dude's cell.  "How ya doin', Da Bad Dude?"
     The illusionist growled.  "If I had my spell books right
now, I'd cream you."
     Middle Monk folded his arms.  "No you wouldn't."
     "Okay, then," Da Bad Dude decided, "If I had my spell books
and my psionic powers, I'd cream you!"
     "No you wouldn't."
     "Well, then, if I had my spell books, and my psionic powers,
and my _magic items_, I'd cream you!"
     "No you wouldn't."  Middle Monk turned and walked away.
     "ALL RIGHT, THEN," Da Bad Dude shouted after him, "IF I HAD
MY SPELL BOOKS, AND MY PSIONIC POWERS, AND MY MAGIC ITEMS, AND MY
_ARTIFACTS_, I'D CREAM YOU!!"
     Middle Monk rejoined the other anti-Disgusting-Characters. 
Melnic the loud the Magna-Alumnae bard looked around.  "So, why
isn't Sick Sword on these little prison tours any more?"
     "She _says_ it's because she doesn't believe in laughing at
the prisoners," Wierd Dough said, "Which is ridiculous because
_everybody_ likes to gawk at the bad guys.  Actually, she hasn't
been around recently because --" he made a cradle out of his arms
"-- she has a little ga-ga to take care of."
     Clerasil shook his head.  "I _told_ her not to take off that
ring of protection."
     "Aah, she probably wanted it that way.  She _is_ a mortal
human after all, and she _does_ have to worry about the next
generation."
     Clerasil cocked his head to one side.  "So are you."
     "Er, um, yes, well, ahem, you see, I haven't had . . . uh
. . . much time for family life recently.  Yeah, that's it, not
much time."
     "Oh?" said Middle Monk.  "You seemed to have plenty of time
for that cute blond apprentice sorceress last --"
     "That's different!" Wierd Dough stammered.  "She needed help
learning her . . . um, somatic technique."
     "I'll bet.  What did you teach her to cast, a sleep spell?"
     "Well, you're just jealous because _you_ couldn't score with
any of the female recruits in your monastery."
     Clerasil intervened.  "_You've_ got your monastery, Middle
Monk; _you_, Wierd Dough, have your wizard's college; _you_, Melnic
the Loud, have your faculty position at Ollamh; _you_, Koenieg,
have your trees; and _I_ have my church of Clerasilism.  We've
been out of the Disgusting Character scene for over a year now. 
I don't even know why we bother to come to The Dungeon any more."
     "TO CHORTLE AT PETER PERFECT," Wierd Dough, Melnic the Loud,
and Middle Monk replied.
     Peter Perfect heard that, and clenched his teeth.  He was
the greatest thing on horseback until _those_ wimps decided to
join up with Sick Sword.  Now, he'd already spent a whole damn
year rotting away between adamantite bars and unbreakable stone
walls.  They'd stripped him of all his magic items.  They'd
whittled him down to zero psionic strength points, feebleminded
him, inflicted him with idiocy through an ego whip, then healed
both the idiocy and the feeblemind to leave him exactly as he was
before except without any psionic powers.  They'd dispelled every
spell he'd had made permanent upon him.  And they'd been feeding
him terrible meals every day since then -- without any dessert.
     He'd show 'em.  He'd get out and get even with them . . .
somehow.
                                #
     Sick Sword's second baby was just as beautiful a girl as the
first, especially considering that they both had 18 charisma.  In
fact, they both had straight 18's all the way across the board. 
She'd named this second child Ridiculous Sword, in the hope that
she'd be even more powerful than her first daughter.  She also
hoped that Disgusting Sword wouldn't mind if she played
favorites.
     "Don't play favorites, mommy," Disgusting Sword warned her. 
So much for that idea.
     Ringman entered the nursery and put his hands on Ridiculous
Sword.  "May I?" he asked.
     "Be my guest," Sick Sword shrugged.
     Ringman picked up the little girl and held her close to his
chest.  Ridiculous Sword liked that.  She always liked being held
by daddy.  She reached up and ran her tiny fingers through his
beard.
     "So," Ringman said, "You're going to bring them up to be
weapons masters, then clerics, then magic-users, right?"
     "No, silly, they're going to be druids first."
     "Uh . . . druids?"
     "Sure.  First they become druids and work their way up to
14th level, then they change to monk, then at 17th level they
change to thief, then --"
     "My goodness, what are they going to be?  Characters with
seven classes?"
     "Eight classes, actually.  After thief comes paladin, then
comes illusionist, then cleric, then magic-user, and finally
weapons master.  I figured if you put weapons master last you
could get to the highest level in that class, and that way you
could do even more per-level damage in melee combat."
     "Oh, _wow_, you're raising them to be the last word in
killing machines."  Ridiculous Sword sensed his anxiety and
withdrew.  "Sick Sword, what _use_ is there in making them into
disgusting characters?!"
     Sick Sword frowned.  "Don't _ever_ call them that."
     "Why not?  You're a disgusting character.  Just because you
didn't join the _Union_ of Disgusting Characters doesn't mean you
didn't make yourself just as powerful as they were."
     "Look, mister self-righteous, we've been over this before. 
I made myself disgusting so that I could get _rid_ of the
Disgusting Characters.  You know it would have been impossible to
stop them otherwise; you were there."
     "And that's just the point.  They're _not around_ anymore. 
You don't _need_ our kids to kill centaurs and take their four
one-million-gold-piece gems.  In fact, who's to say that one of
them might not turn power-hungry and abuse her disgusting
abilities?"
     Sick Sword's eyes turned to steel.  She lunged from her
chair and snatched Ridiculous Sword from Ringman's arms.  "That's
just about the lowest suggestion you could make, paladin!  These
are my children, I can keep my kids on the right side!"
     "They're my kids, too."
     "Not if you're going to raise them to be wimps like
yourself!"  Sick Sword shuddered slightly at having said that,
then turned her eyes away and looked at her daughters instead.
     Ringman walked over to a dresser, pulled open a small
drawer, and took out a pack of cards.  He slapped them down
loudly on the bureau top to get Sick Sword's attention.
     Sick Sword gasped, "My Hero's Collection of Commonly Used
Sayings!  What are you doing with them?!"
     Ringman put them in his left shirt pocket.  "You obviously
won't be needing them any more."
     "Get out."  It was a simple, poignant command.
     "Sick Sword, hon, if you can't take --"
     "Get out!  Get _out_ of my keep!"
     Ringman stopped cold.  "Out of the whole house?"
     "Get out!  And don't come back!!"  She pointed.  Her helm of
telepathy flared a dim red.  She'd psionically dominate his will
if she had to.
     Open-mouthed, Ringman slowly turned and walked out the
nursery door.  What had he brought upon himself?!
     "Get out!!" she called after him.
     He walked down the corridor to the foyer, half sad and half
dumbstruck.  He heard Ridiculous Sword's muffled voice cry,
"Daddy?", but nothing else.
     'My deity, my deity,' he thought.
     He glanced at the stone walls around him, half stunned and
half in sorrow, knowing he'd probably never see them again.
Despite the interior decorations, this place was still a converted
castle and thus had all the standard fortifications.  The vertical
notch in the outer wall, for instance, was called an arrow slit,
and Ringman had always thought that was just about the most
suggestive name for something he'd ever heard.  That comforted him
little now.  He took his +1 composite longbow and his quiver of +1
and +3 arrows off their pegs by the arrow slit, and stared
solemnly back at the nursery that was now around the corner.
     "Get out!" Sick Sword insisted.
     'X-ray vision,' Ringman thought, halfway in contempt.
     "No, clairvoyance; now _get out_!"
     He shook his head and would have chuckled were things not so
grim.  He put on the +5 suit of plate mail still standing in the
hall while he looked for his +3 periapt of proof against poison. 
Periapts were always easy to confuse with any ordinary gems that
might happen to be lying around.  He found it, though, thanks to
the big white +3 he'd painted on its side.  After securing the
