good fisherman turned homewards. Home was now a magnificent palace. How 
wonderful it was! At the top of a flight of steps leading to the palace, stood
his wife, dressed like a great lady and dripping with jewels, impatiently 
waiting for him.                                -_
   "Go back and ask for . . ." But the fisherman broke in:
   "What? Such a fine palace! We must be content with what we have! Don't you 
think that's asking too much? . . ."
   "Go back, I said! Do as you're told! And ask the fish to make me an 
Empress!" The poor fisherman set off unhappily for the seashore. In the 
meantime, a storm had blown up. The sky was black and terrible flashes of 
lightning lit the darkness, while the waves crashed angrily on the beach. 
Kneeling on the rock amidst the spray, in a low voice the fisherman began to 
call the little fish. And when it came, he told it his wife's latest request. 
But this time, after listening in silence, the little gold fish disappeared 
beneath the waves without saying a word. And though the fisherman waited, the 
little fish never came back. A great flash of lightning, much brighter than 
all the others lit up the sky, and the fisherman saw that both the new house 
and the palace had vanished without trace. The humble old cottage stood where 
it had always been. But this time, his wife was waiting for him in tears.
   "It serves you right! We should have been pleased with what we had, instead
of always asking for more!" grumbled the fisherman angrily. But in the depths 
of his heart, he was glad that everything had gone back to normal.
   Next day and every day, he went back to his fishing, but he never saw the 
little goldfish again.
                         THE GOLDEN GOOSE
   Once upon a time . . . there was a woodcutter called Thaddeus, a dreamy, 
foolish-looking lad though good-hearted. One day, his father sent him to a 
distant wood to chop down trees. Thaddeus thought that these trees were a kind
he had never seen before and that it was hard work trying to hack through 
their hard trunks. Sweating after all his efforts, he had barely sat down 
against a sawn-off trunk to have a meal, when a strange old man with a white 
beard popped out from behind a bush and asked him for a bite to eat. Kindly 
Thaddeus gave him some bread and cheese and together they cheerily drank a 
flask of wine.
   "Of all the woodcutters that have tried to fell these trees, you're the 
first one who has been nice to me," said the old man, stuttering, perhaps 
after all the wine. "You deserve a reward. If you cut down that tree in the 
centre of the wood, you'll find that all the others will fall down by 
themselves. Have a look in its roots where there's a gift for you! You see, 
I'm the Wizard of the Woods!"
   Not particularly surprised, Thaddeus did as he was told, and in a flash, 
his work was done. From the roots of the tree the Wizard had pointed towards, 
the woodcutter took a golden goose. Slipping the bird under hls arm, Thaddeus 
set off homewards. Now, it may have been too much wine, or maybe the fact he
was new to these parts, but the fact remains that Thaddeus lost his way. At 
dead of night, he reached a strange village. A tavern was still open, so the
woodcutter went in.
   "Something to eat for myself and for the Golden Goose that the Wizard of 
the Woods gave me," he ordered the innkeeper's daughter. "That's a bite for me
and a bite for you," he said, sharing his food with the goose across the 
table. The innkeeper's other two daughters came to stare at the strange sight,
then all three dared ask: "Why are you so kind to a goose?"
   "This is a magic goose," replied Thaddeus, "and worth a fortune. I shall 
stay the night here and I need a secure room, for I don't want to be robbed."
   However, during the night, one of the sisters was persuaded to steal at 
least one goose feather.
   "If it's a magic bird, then one of its feathers will be precious too!" But
the second her hand touched the goose's tail, it stuck fast, and nothing would
unstick it. In a low voice, she called her sisters, but when they tried to 
pull her free, they too stuck fast. A little later, Thaddeus woke, not at all 
surprised to see the three sisters, ashamed at being discovered, stuck to the 
golden goose.
   "How can we get free?" they wailed. But the woodcutter coolly replied:
   "I have to leave with my goose. Too bad for you if you're stuck to her. 
You'll just have to come too!" And when the innkeeper saw the strange little 
procession trip past, he shouted "What's up?" and grabbed the last sister by 
the arm. It was the worst thing he could have done! For he too found himself 
attached to the tail of the little group. The same fate awaited a nosy village
woman, the plump curate and the baker who had placed a hand on the curate's 
shoulder as he rushed past. Last of all came a guard who had tried to stop the
procession. People laughed as Thaddeus and his row of followers went by, and 
crowds soon flocked the roads.
   Close to the village where Thaddeus had spent the night stood the Royal 
Palace. Though rich and powerful, the King had a great sorrow: his only 
daughter suffered from a strange illness that no doctor had been able to cure.
She was always sad and unhappy. The King had once proclaimed that the man who 
succeeded in making his daughter laugh would be granted her hand in marriage. 
But so far, nobody had so much as brought a smile to the Princess's lips.
   As it so happened, the Princess chose that day to drive through the village
square, just as the woodcutter with the goose under his arm, solemnly marched 
by with his line of unwilling followers. When she heard the people chuckle, 
the Princess raised the carriage curtains. The minute she set eyes on the 
amazing sight, she burst into peals of laughter.
   Everyone was amazed to hear the Princess laugh for the first time. She 
stepped down from the carriage for a closer look at the golden goose and 
that's how she got stuck to the baker! Laughing and chattering, the procession
headed towards the palace, with the crowds at their heels. When the King saw 
his daughter in fits of laughter, he could hardly believe it.
   "How amazing! How amazing!" he said.
   But in spite of all the mirth, it was a serious situation. That is, until a
large man with a tall peaked hat and a white beard stepped forward and snapped
his fingers three times. Suddenly, Thaddeus and the others all became unstuck.
The woodcutter was about to thank the Wizard of the Woods, for it could be 
none other, but he had vanished into thin air. And that's how the simple 
woodcutter, Thaddeus, found himself married to the King's daughter.
Fredric Brown's "NIGHTMARE IN GRAY" 
From: Nightmares and Geezenstacks
    He awoke feeling wonderful, with the sun bright and warm upon him 
and spring in the air. He had dozed off - for less than half-an-hour, he 
knew, because the angle of shadows from the benificent sun had changed but 
slightly while he slept - sitting upright upon the park bench; only his 
head had nodded then fallen forward.
    The park was beautiful with the green of spring, softer green than 
summer's, the day was magnificent, and he was young and in love. 
Wondrously in love, dizzily in love. And happily in love; only last night, 
Saturday night, he had proposed to Susan, and she had accepted him, more 
or less. That is, she had not given him a definite yes but she had invited 
him this afternoon to meet her family and had said that she hoped he would 
love them and that they would love him - as she did. If that wasn't 
tantamount to an acceptance, what was? They'd fallen in love at first 
sight, almost, which was why he had yet to meet her family.
    Sweet Susan, of the soft brown hair, with the cute little nose 
that was almost pug, of the faint, tender freckles and the big, soft brown 
eyes.
    She was the most wonderful thing that had ever happened to him, 
that could ever happen to anyone.
    Well, it was midafternoon now and that was when Susan had asked 
him to call. He stood up from the bench and, since he found his muscles a 
bit cramped from the nap, yawned luxuriously. Then he started to walk the 
few blocks from the park where he had been killing time to the house he'd 
taken her home to last night, a short walk through the bright sunshine, 
the spring day.
    He climbed the steps and knocked on the door. It opened and for a 
second he thought Susan herself had answered it, but the girl only looked 
like Susan. Her sister, probably; she'd mentioned having a sister only a 
year older than she.
    He bowed and introduced himself, asked for Susan. He thought the 
girl looked at him strangely for a moment. Then she said, "Come in, 
please. She's not here at the moment, but if you'll wait in the parlour 
there-"
    He waited in the parlour there. How odd of her to have gone out. 
Even briefly.
    Then he heard the voice, the voice of the girl who had let him in, 
talking in the hallway outside and, in understandable curiousity, stood up 
and went to the hallway door to listen. She seemed to be talking into a 
telephone.
    "Harry - please come home right away, and bring the doctor with 
you. Yes, it's Grandpa...No, not another heart attack. Like the time 
before when he had amnesia and thought that Grandma was still - No, not 
senile dementia, Harry, just amnesia, but worse this time. Fifty years off 
- his memory is way back before he even married Grandma..."
    Suddenly old, aged fifty years in fifty seconds, he wept silently 
as he leaned against the door...
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
With thanks to Mike Pownall, who typed it in for The Pinnacle Club library.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         THE GREEDY DOG
   Once upon a time . . . a dog managed to steal a large steak from a 
butcher's shop, and ran into the woods to eat it in peace. On reaching the 
banks of a stream, he happened to see his face reflected in the water. Never 
for a moment thinking that he was looking at himself in the water, what he
thought he saw was another dog, holding a large steak in its mouth. 
   Being a greedy dog, he jumped into the stream to snatch the other dog's 
meat. Of course, the reflection vanished and he could see no sign of dog or 
steak.
   Only then did he realize that, when he barked to frighten the other, he had
dropped his stolen meat. Unluckily for him, the current was swift and the 
steak had been carried away. And though the dog hunted all over, he couldn't 
find a trace of it. Which meant, that instead of having two steaks. he was 
left with nothing.
 LIBRARY OF THE FUTURE (R) First Edition Ver. 4.02 
 Gulliver's Travels                                               Swift Jonathan        
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                      1726                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
                               GULLIVER'S TRAVELS                           
                                                                            
                               by Jonathan Swift                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
 Electronically Enhanced Text (c) Copyright 1991, World Library, Inc.       
                                                                            
LETTER_TO_SYMPSON                                                           
  A LETTER FROM CAPTAIN GULLIVER TO HIS COUSIN SYMPSON                      
-                                                                           
  I hope you will be ready to own publicly, whenever you shall be           
called to it, that by your great and frequent urgency you prevailed on      
me to publish a very loose and uncorrect account of my travels; with        
direction to hire some young gentlemen of either university to put          
them in order, and correct the style, as my cousin Dampier did by my        
advice, in his book called A Voyage round the World. But I do not           
remember I gave you power to consent that any thing should be omitted,      
and much less that any thing should be inserted: therefore, as to           
the latter, I do here renounce every thing of that kind;                    
particularly a paragraph about her Majesty the late Queen Anne, of          
most pious and glorious memory; although I did reverence and esteem         
her more than any of human species. But you, or your interpolator,          
ought to have considered, that as it was not my inclination, so was it      
not decent to praise any animal of our composition before my master         
Houyhnhnm: and besides the fact was altogether false; for to my             
knowledge, being in England during some part of her Majesty's reign,        
she did govern by a chief minister; nay, even by two successively; the      
first whereof was the Lord of Godolphin, and the second the Lord of         
Oxford; so that you have made me say the thing that was not. Likewise,      
in the account of the Academy of Projectors, and several passages of        
my discourse to my master Houyhnhnm, you have either omitted some           
material circumstances, or minced or changed them in such a manner,         
that I do hardly know my own work. When I formerly hinted to you            
something of this in a letter, you were pleased to answer that you          
were afraid of giving offense; that people in power were very watchful      
over the press, and apt not only to interpret, but to punish every          
thing which looked like an innuendo (as I think you called it). But         
pray, how could that which I spoke so many years ago, and at about          
five thousand leagues distance, in another reign, be applied to any of      
the Yahoos who now are said to govern the herd; especially at a time        
when I little thought on or feared the unhappiness of living under          
them? Have not I the most reason to complain, when I see these very         
Yahoos carried by Houyhnhnms in a vehicle, as if these were brutes,         
and those the rational creatures? And indeed, to avoid so monstrous         
and detestable a sight was one principal motive of my retirement            
hither.                                                                     
  Thus much I thought proper to tell you in relation to yourself,           
and to the trust I reposed in you.                                          
  I do in the next place complain of my own great want of judgement,        
in being prevailed upon by the entreaties and false reasonings of           
you and some others, very much against my own opinion, to suffer my         
travels to be published. Pray bring to your mind how often I desired        
you to consider, when you insisted on the motive of public good;            
that the Yahoos were a species of animals utterly incapable of              
amendment by precepts or examples: and so it hath proved; for               
instead of seeing a full stop put to all abuses and corruptions, at         
least in this little island, as I had reason to expect: behold,             
after above six months warning, I cannot learn that my book hath            
produced one single effect according to my intentions: I desired you        
would let me know by a letter, when party and faction were                  
extinguished; judges learned and upright; pleaders honest and               
modest, with some tincture of common sense; and Smithfield blazing          
with pyramids of lawbooks; the young nobility's education entirely          
changed; the physicians banished; the female Yahoos abounding in            
virtue, honour, truth and good sense; courts and levees of great            
ministers thoroughly weeded and swept; wit, merit and learning              
rewarded; all disgracers of the press in prose and verse condemned          
to eat nothing but their own cotton, and quench their thirst with           
their own ink. These and a thousand other reformations, I firmly            
counted upon by your encouragement; as indeed they were plainly             
deducible from the precepts delivered in my book. And it must be owned      
that seven months were a sufficient time to correct every vice and          
folly to which Yahoos are subject, if their natures had been capable        
of the least disposition to virtue or wisdom: yet so far have you been      
from answering my expectation in any of your letters, that on the           
contrary you are loading our carrier every week with libels, and keys,      
and reflections, and memoirs, and second parts; wherein I see myself        
accused of reflecting upon great states-folk, of degrading human            
nature (for so they have still the confidence to style it), and of          
abusing the female sex. I find likewise that the writers of those           
bundles are not agreed among themselves; for some of them will not          
allow me to be author of my own travels; and others make me author          
of books to which I am wholly a stranger.                                   
  I find likewise that your printer hath been so careless as to             
confound the times, and mistake the dates of my several voyages and         
returns; neither assigning the true year, or the true month, or day of      
the month: and I hear the original manuscript is all destroyed since        
the publication of my book. Neither have I any copy left: however I         
have sent you some corrections, which you may insert, if ever there         
should be a second edition: and yet I cannot stand to them, but             
shall leave that matter to my judicious and candid readers, to              
adjust it as they please.                                                   
  I hear some of our sea-Yahoos find fault with my sea-language, as         
not proper in many parts, nor now in use. I cannot help it. In my           
first voyages, while I was young, I was instructed by the oldest            
mariners, and learned to speak as they did. But I have since found          
that the sea-Yahoos are apt, like the land ones, to become new-fangled      
in their words, which the latter change every year, insomuch as I           
remember upon each return to my own country their old dialect was so        
altered that I could hardly understand the new. And I observe, when         
any Yahoo comes from London out of curiosity visit me at my own house,      
we neither of us are able to deliver our conceptions in a manner            
intelligible to the other.                                                  
                                            {LETTER_TO_SYMPSON ^paragraph 5}
  If the censure of Yahoos could any way affect me, I should have           
great reason to complain that some of them are so bold as to think          
my book of travels a mere fiction out of my own brain, and have gone        
so far as to drop hints that the Houyhnhnms and Yahoos have no more         
existence than the inhabitants of Utopia.                                   
  Indeed I must confess, that as to the people of Lilliput,                 
Brobdingrag (for so the word should have been spelt, and not                
erroneously Brobdingnag), and Laputa, I have never yet heard of any         
Yahoo so presumptuous as to dispute their being, or the facts I have        
related concerning them; because the truth immediately strikes every        
reader with conviction. And is there less probability in my account of      
the Houyhnhnms or Yahoos, when it is manifest as to the latter,             
there are so many thousands even in this city, who only differ from         
their brother brutes in Houyhnhnm-land, because they use a sort of a        
jabber, and do not go naked? I wrote for their amendment, and not           
their approbation. The united praise of the whole race would be of          
less consequence to me than the neighing of those two degenerate            
Houyhnhnms I keep in my stable; because from these, degenerate as they      
are, I still improve in some virtues, without any mixture of vice.          
  Do these miserable animals presume to think that I am so far              
degenerated as to defend my veracity? Yahoo as I am, it is well             
known through all Houyhnhnm-land, that by the instructions and example      
of my illustrious master I was able in the compass of two years             
(although I confess with the utmost difficulty) to remove that              
infernal habit of lying, shuffling, deceiving, and equivocating, so         
deeply rooted in the very souls of all my species, especially the           
Europeans.                                                                  
  I have other complaints to make upon this vexatious occasion; but         
I forbear troubling myself or you any further. I must freely                
confess, that since my last return some corruptions of my Yahoo nature      
have revived in me by conversing with a few of your species, and            
particularly those of my own family, by an unavoidable necessity; else      
I should never have attempted so absurd a project as that of reforming      
the Yahoo race in this kingdom; but I have now done with all visionary      
schemes for ever.                                                           
-                                                                           
-                                                                           
April 2, 1727.                                                              
                                                                            
PUBLISHERS_LETTER                                                           
  THE PUBLISHER TO THE READER                                               
-                                                                           
  The author of these Travels, Mr. Lemuel Gulliver, is my ancient           
and intimate friend; there is likewise some relation between us by the      
mother's side. About three years ago Mr. Gulliver, growing weary of         
the concourse of curious people coming to him at his house in Redriff,      
made a small purchase of land, with a convenient house, near Newark in      
Nottinghamshire, his native country; where he now lives retired, yet        
in good esteem among his neighbors.                                         
  Although Mr. Gulliver was born in Nottinghamshire, where his              
father dwelt, yet I have heard him say his family came from                 
Oxfordshire; to confirm which, I have observed in the churchyard at         
Banbury, in that county, several tombs and monuments of the Gullivers.      
  Before he quitted Redriff, he left the custody of the following           
papers in my hands, with the liberty to dispose of them as I should         
think fit. I have carefully perused them three times: the style is          
very plain and simple; and the only fault I find is, that the               
author, after the manner of travelers, is a little too circumstantial.      
There is an air of truth apparent through the whole; and indeed the         
author was so distinguished for his veracity, that it became a sort of      
proverb among his neighbors at Redriff, when any one affirmed a thing,      
to say it was as true as if Mr. Gulliver had spoke it.                      
  By the advice of several worthy persons, to whom, with the                
author's permission, I communicated these papers, I now venture to          
send them into the world, hoping they may be at least, for some             
time, a better entertainment to our young noblemen than the common          
scribbles of politics and party.                                            
  This volume would have been at least twice as large, if I had not         
made bold to strike out innumerable passages relating to the winds and      
tides, as well as to the variations and bearings in the several             
voyages; together with the minute descriptions of the management of         
the ship in storms, in the style of sailors: likewise the account of        
the longitudes and latitudes; wherein I have reason to apprehend            
that Mr. Gulliver may be a little dissatisfied: but I was resolved          
to fit the work as much as possible to the general capacity of              
readers. However, if my own ignorance in sea-affairs shall have led me      
to commit some mistakes, I alone am answerable for them: and if any         
traveler hath a curiosity to see the whole work at large, as it came        
from the hand of the author, I shall be ready to gratify him.               
                                            {PUBLISHERS_LETTER ^paragraph 5}
  As for any further particulars relating to the author, the reader         
will receive satisfaction from the first pages of the book.                 
-                                                                           
                                          Richard Sympson.                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                     PART I                                 
                                                                            
                              A VOYAGE TO LILLIPUT                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                  (SEE PLATE 1)                             
                                                                            
P_1|CH_1                                                                    
  CHAPTER I                                                                 
-                                                                           
  My father had a small estate in Nottinghamshire; I was the third          
of five sons. He sent me to Emanuel College in Cambridge at fourteen        
years old, where I resided three years, and applied myself close to my      
studies: but the charge of maintaining me (although I had a very            
scanty allowance) being too great for a narrow fortune, I was bound         
apprentice to Mr. James Bates, an eminent surgeon in London, with whom      
I continued four years; and my father now and then sending me small         
sums of money, I laid them out in learning navigation, and other parts      
of the mathematics, useful to those who intend to travel, as I              
always believed it would be some time or other my fortune to do.            
When I left Mr. Bates, I went down to my father; where, by the              
assistance of him and my uncle John, and some other relations, I got        
forty pounds, and a promise of thirty pounds a year to maintain me          
at Leyden: there I studied physic two years and seven months,               
knowing it would be useful in long voyages.                                 
  Soon after my return from Leyden, I was recommended, by my good           
master Mr. Bates, to be surgeon to the Swallow, Captain Abraham             
Pannell commander; with whom I continued three years and a half,            
making a voyage or two into the Levant, and some other parts. When I        
came back, I resolved to settle in London, to which Mr. Bates, my           
master, encouraged me, and by him I was recommended to several              
patients. I took part of a small house in the Old Jury; and being           
advised to alter my condition, I married Mrs. Mary Burton, second           
daughter to Mr. Edmund Burton, hosier, in Newgate-street, with whom         
I received four hundred pounds for a portion.                               
  But, my good master Bates dying in two years after, and I having few      
friends, my business began to fail; for my conscience would not suffer      
me to imitate the bad practice of too many among my brethren. Having        
therefore consulted with my wife, and some of my acquaintance, I            
determined to go again to sea. I was surgeon successively in two            
ships, and made several voyages, for six years, to the East and West        
Indies, by which I got some addition to my fortune. My hours of             
leisure I spent in reading the best authors, ancient and modern, being      
always provided with a good number of books; and when I was ashore, in      
observing the manners and dispositions of the people, well as learning      
their language, wherein I had a great facility by the strength of my        
memory.                                                                     
  The last of these voyages not proving very fortunate, I grew weary        
of the sea, and intended to stay at home with my wife and family. I         
removed from the Old jury to Fetter-Lane, and from thence to Wapping        
hoping to get business among the sailors; but it would not turn to          
account. After three years expectation that things would mend, I            
accepted an advantageous offer from Captain William Prichard, master        
of the Antelope, who was making a voyage to the South-Sea. We set sail      
from Bristol May 4, 1699, and our voyage at first was very prosperous.      
  It would not be proper, for some reasons, to trouble the reader with      
the particulars of our adventures in those seas: let it suffice to          
inform him, that in our passage from thence to the East Indies, we          
were driven by a violent storm to the northwest of Van Diemen's             
Land. By an observation, we found ourselves in the latitude of 30           
degrees 2 minutes south. Twelve of our crew were dead by immoderate         
labor and ill food, the rest were in a very weak condition. On the          
fifth of November, which was the beginning of summer in those parts,        
the weather being very hazy, the seamen spied a rock, within half a         
cable's length of the ship; but the wind was so strong, that we were        
driven directly upon it, and immediately split. Six of the crew, of         
whom I was one, having let down the boat into the sea, made a shift to      
get clear of the ship, and the rock. We rowed by my computation             
about three leagues, till we were able to work no longer, being             
already spent with labor while we were in the ship. We therefore            
trusted ourselves to the mercy of the waves, and in about half an hour      
the boat was overset by a sudden flurry from the north. What became of      
my companions in the boat, as well as of those who escaped on the           
rock, or were left in the vessel, I cannot tell; but conclude they          
were all lost. For my own part, I swam as fortune directed me, and was      
pushed forward by wind and tide. I often let my legs drop, and could        
feel no bottom: but when I was almost gone, and able to struggle no         
longer, I found myself within my depth; and by this time the storm was      
much abated. The declivity was so small, that I walked near a mile          
before I got to the shore, which I conjectured was about eight o'clock      
in the evening. I then advanced forward near half a mile, but could         
not discover any sign of houses or inhabitants; at least I was in so        
weak a condition, that I did not observe them. I was extremely              
tired, and with that, and the heat of the weather, and about half a         
pint of brandy that I drank as I left the ship, I found myself much         
inclined to sleep. I lay down on the grass, which was very short and        
soft, where I slept sounder than ever I remember to have done in my         
life, and, as I reckoned, above nine hours; for when I awakened, it         
was just daylight. I attempted to rise, but was not able to stir            
for, as I happened to he on my back, I found my arms and legs were          
strongly fastened on each side to the ground; and my hair, which was        
long and thick, tied down in the same manner. I likewise felt               
several slender ligatures across my body, from my armpits to my             
thighs. I could only look upwards; the sun began to grow hot, and           
the light offended my eyes. I heard a confused noise about me, but          
in the posture I lay, could see nothing except the sky. In a little         
time I felt something alive moving on my left leg, which advancing          
gently forward over my breast, came almost up to my chin; when bending      
my eyes downwards as much as I could, I perceived it to be a human          
creature not six inches high, with a bow and arrow in his hands, and a      
quiver at his back. In the meantime, I felt at least forty more of the      
same kind (as I conjectured) following the first. I was in the              
utmost astonishment, and roared so loud, that they all ran back in a        
fright; and some of them, as I was afterwards told, were hurt with the      
falls they got by leaping from my sides upon the ground. However, they      
soon returned, and one of them, who ventured so far as to get a full        
sight of my face, lifting up his hands and eyes by way of                   
admiration, cried out in a shrill but distinct voice, Hekinah degul:        
the others repeated the same words several times, but I then knew           
not what they meant. I lay all this while, as the reader may                
believe, in great uneasiness: at length, struggling to get loose, I         
had the fortune to break the strings, and wrench out the pegs that          
fastened my left arm to the ground; for, by lifting it up to my             
face, I discovered the methods they had taken to bind me, and at the        
same time, with a violent pull, which gave me excessive pain, I a           
little loosened the strings that tied down my hair on the left side,        
so that I was just able to turn my head about two inches. But the           
creatures ran off a second time, before I could seize them;                 
whereupon there was a great shout in a very shrill accent, and after        
it ceased, I heard one of them cry aloud, Tolgo phonac; when in an          
instant I felt above a hundred arrows discharged on my left hand,           
which pricked me like so many needles; and besides they shot another        
flight into the air, as we do bombs in Europe, whereof many, I              
suppose, fell on my body (though I felt them not) and some on my face,      
which I immediately covered with my left hand. When this shower of          
arrows was over, I fell a groaning with grief and pain, and then            
striving again to get loose, they discharged another volley larger          
than the first, and some of them attempted with spears to stick me          
in the sides; but, by good luck, I had on me a buff jerkin, which they      
could not pierce. I thought it the most prudent method to lie still,        
and my design was to continue so till night, when, my left hand             
being already loose, I could easily free myself: and as for the             
inhabitants, I had reason to believe I might be a match for the             
greatest armies they could bring against me, if they were all of the        
same size with him that I saw. But fortune disposed otherwise of me.        
When the people observed I was quiet, they discharged no more               
arrows; but, by the noise I heard, I knew their numbers increased; and      
about four yards from me, over against my right ear, I heard a              
knocking for above an hour, like that of people at work; when               
turning my head that way, as well as the pegs and strings would permit      
me, I saw a stage erected, about a foot and a half from the ground,         
capable of holding four of the inhabitants, with two or three               
ladders to mount it: from whence one of them, who seemed to be a            
person of quality, made me a long speech, whereof I understood not one      
syllable. But I should have mentioned, that before the principal            
person began his oration, he cried out three times, Langro dehul san        
(these words and the former were afterwards repeated and explained          
to me). Whereupon immediately about fifty of the inhabitants came, and      
cut the strings that fastened the left side of my head, which gave          
me the liberty of turning it to the right, and of observing the person      
and gesture of him that was to speak. He appeared to be of a middle         
age, and taller than any of the other three who attended him,               
whereof one was a page that held up his train, and seemed to be             
somewhat longer than my middle finger; the other two stood one on each      
side to support him. He acted every part of an orator, and I could          
observe many periods of threatenings, and others of promises, pity,         
and kindness. I answered in a few words, but in the most submissive         
manner, lifting up my left hand and both my eyes to the sun, as             
calling him for a witness; and being almost famished with hunger,           
having not eaten a morsel for some hours before I left the ship, I          
found the demands of nature so strong upon me, that I could not             
forbear showing my impatience (perhaps against the strict rules of          
decency) by putting my finger frequently on my mouth, to signify            
that I wanted food. The Hurgo (for so they call a great lord, as I          
afterwards learned) understood me very well. He descended from the          
stage, and commanded that several ladders should be applied to my           
sides, on which above a hundred of the inhabitants mounted, and walked      
towards my mouth, laden with baskets full of meat, which had been           
provided, and sent thither by the King's orders, upon the first             
intelligence he received of me. I observed there was the flesh of           
several animals, but could not distinguish them by the taste. There         
were shoulders, legs, and loins, shaped like those of mutton, and very      
well dressed, but smaller than the wings of a lark. I ate them by           
two or three at a mouthful, and took three loaves at a time, about the      
bigness of musket bullets. They supplied me as they could, showing a        
thousand marks of wonder and astonishment at my bulk and appetite. I        
then made another sign that I wanted drink. They found by my eating         
that a small quantity would not suffice me, and being a most ingenious      
people, they slung up with great dexterity one of their largest             
hogsheads, then rolled it toward my hand, and beat out the top; I           
drank it off at a draught, which I might well do, for it did not            
hold half a pint, and tasted like a small wine of Burgundy, but much        
more delicious. They brought me a second hogshead, which I drank in         
the same manner, and made signs for more, but they had none to give         
me. When I had performed these wonders, they shouted for joy, and           
danced upon my breast, repeating several times as they did at first,        
Hekinah degul. They made me a sign that I should throw down the two         
hogsheads, but first warning the people below to stand out of the way,      
crying aloud, Borach mivola, and when they saw the vessels in the air,      
there was a universal shout of Hekinah degul. I confess I was often         
tempted, while they were passing backwards and forwards on my body, to      
seize forty or fifty of the first that came in my reach, and dash them      
against the ground. But the remembrance of what I had felt, which           
probably might not be the worst they could do, and the promise of           
honor I made them, for so I interpreted my submissive behavior, soon        
drove out these imaginations. Besides, I now considered myself as           
bound by the laws of hospitality to a people who had treated me with        
so much expense and magnificence. However, in my thoughts I could           
not sufficiently wonder at the intrepidity of these diminutive              
mortals, who dare venture to mount and walk upon my body, while one of      
my hands was at liberty, without trembling at the very sight of so          
prodigious a creature as I must appear to them. After some time,            
when they observed that I made no more demands for meat, there              
appeared before me a person of high rank from his Imperial Majesty.         
His Excellency, having mounted on the small of my right leg,                
advanced forwards up to my face, with about a dozen of his retinue.         
And producing his credentials under the Signet Royal, which he applied      
close to my eyes, spoke about ten minutes, without any signs of anger,      
but with a kind of determinate resolution; often pointing forwards,         
which, as I afterwards found, was towards the capital city, about half      
a mile distant, whither it was agreed by his Majesty in council that I      
must be conveyed. I answered in few words, but to no purpose, and made      
a sign with my hand that was loose, putting it to the other (but            
over his Excellency's head, for fear of hurting him or his train)           
and then to my own head and body, to signify that I desired my              
liberty. It appeared that he understood me well enough, for he shook        
his head by way of disapprobation, and held his hand in a posture to        
show that I must be carried as a prisoner. However, he made other           
signs to let me understand that I should have meat and drink enough,        
and very good treatment. Whereupon I once more thought of attempting        
to break my bonds, but again, when I felt the smart of their arrows         
upon my face and hands, which were all in blisters, and many of the         
darts still sticking in them, and observing likewise that the number        
of my enemies increased, I gave tokens to let them know that they           
might do with me what they pleased. Upon this the Hurgo and his             
train withdrew with much civility and cheerful countenances. Soon           
after I heard a general shout, with frequent repetitions of the words,      
Peplom selan, and I felt great numbers of the people on my left side        
relaxing the cords to such a degree, that I was able to turn upon my        
right, and to ease myself with making water; which I very                   
plentifully did, to the great astonishment of the who conjecturing          
by my motions what I was going to do, immediately opened to the             
right and left on that side, to avoid the torrent which fell with such      
noise and violence from me. But before this, they had daubed my face        
and both my hands with a sort of ointment very pleasant to the              
smell, which in a few minutes removed all the smart of their arrows.        
These circumstances, added to the refreshment I had received by             
their victuals and drink, which were very nourishing, disposed me to        
sleep. I slept about eight hours, as I was afterwards assured; and          
it was no wonder, for the physicians, by the Emperor's order, had           
mingled a sleepy potion in the hogsheads of wine.                           
                                                     {P_1|CH_1 ^paragraph 5}
  It seems that upon the first moment I was discovered sleeping on the      
ground after my landing, the Emperor had early notice of it by an           
express; and determined in council that I should be tied in the manner      
I have related (which was done in the night while I slept), that            
plenty of meat and drink should be sent me, and a machine prepared          
to carry me to the capital city.                                            
  This resolution perhaps may appear very bold and dangerous, and I am      
confident would not be imitated by any prince in Europe on the like         
occasion; however, in my opinion, it was extremely prudent, as well as      
generous. For supposing these people had endeavored to kill me with         
their spears and arrows while I was asleep, I should certainly have         
awakened with the first sense of smart, which might so far have roused      
my rage and strength, as to have enabled me to break the strings            
wherewith I was tied; after which, as they were not able to make            
resistance, so they could expect no mercy.                                  
  These people are most excellent mathematicians, and arrived to great      
perfection in mechanics by the countenance and encouragement of the         
Emperor, who is a renowned patron of learning. This prince has several      
machines fixed on wheels for the carriage of trees and other great          
weights. He often builds his largest men of war, whereof some are nine      
feet long, in the woods where the timber grows, and has them carried        
on these engines three or four hundred yards to the sea. Five               
hundred carpenters and engineers were immediately set at work to            
prepare the greatest engine they had. It was a frame of wood raised         
three inches from the ground, about seven feet long and four wide,          
moving upon twenty-two wheels. The shout I heard was upon the               
arrival of this engine, which it seems set out in four hours after          
my landing. It was brought parallel to me as I lay. But the                 
principal difficulty was to raise and place me in this vehicle. Eighty      
poles, each of one foot high, were erected for this purpose, and            
very strong cords of the bigness of packthread were fastened by             
hooks to many bandages, which the workmen had girt round my neck, my        
hands, my body, and my legs. Nine hundred of the strongest men were         
employed to draw up these cords by many pulleys fastened on the poles,      
and thus, in less than three hours, I was raised and slung into the         
engine, and there tied fast. All this I was told, for while the             
whole operation was performing, I lay in a profound sleep, by the           
force of that soporiferous medicine infused into my liquor. Fifteen         
hundred of the Emperor's largest horses, each about four inches and         
a half high, were employed to draw me towards the metropolis, which,        
as I said, was half a mile distant.                                         
  About four hours after we began our journey, I awaked by a very           
ridiculous accident; for the carriage being stopped a while to              
adjust something that was out of order, two or three of the young           
natives had the curiosity to see how I looked when I was asleep;            
they climbed up into the engine, and advancing very softly to my face,      
one of them, an officer in the Guards, put the sharp end of his             
half-pike a good way up into my left nostril, which tickled my nose         
like a straw, and made me sneeze violently: whereupon they stole off        
unperceived, and it was three weeks before I knew the cause of my           
awaking so suddenly. We made a long march the remaining part of that        
day, and rested at night with five hundred guards on each side of           
me, half with torches, and half with bows and arrows, ready to shoot        
me if I should offer to stir. The next morning at sunrise we continued      
our march, and arrived within two hundred yards of the city gates           
about noon. The Emperor, and all his court, came out to meet us; but        
his great officers would by no means suffer his Majesty to endanger         
his person by mounting on my body.                                          
  At the place where the carriage stopped, there stood an ancient           
temple, esteemed to be the largest in the whole kingdom, which              
having been polluted some years before by an unnatural murder, was,         
according to the zeal of those people, looked on as profane, and            
therefore had been applied to common uses, and all the ornaments and        
furniture carried away. In this edifice it was determined I should          
lodge. The great gate fronting to the north was about four feet             
high, and almost two feet wide, through which I could easily creep. On      
each side of the gate was a small window not above six inches from the      
ground: into that on the left side, the King's smiths conveyed              
fourscore and eleven chains, like those that hang to a lady's watch in      
Europe, and almost as large, which were locked to my left leg with six      
and thirty padlocks. Over against this temple, on the other side of         
the great highway, at twenty feet distance, there was a turret at           
least five feet high. Here the Emperor ascended with many principal         
lords of his court, to have an opportunity of viewing me, as I was          
told, for I could not see them. It was reckoned that above a hundred        
thousand inhabitants came out of the town upon the same errand; and in      
spite of my guards, I believe there could not be fewer than ten             
thousand, at several times, who mounted upon my body by the help of         
ladders. But a proclamation was soon issued to forbid it upon pain          
of death. When the workmen found it was impossible for me to break          
loose, they cut all the strings that bound me; whereupon I rose up          
with as melancholy a disposition as ever I had in my life. But the          
noise and astonishment of the people at seeing me rise and walk, are        
not to be expressed. The chains that held my left leg were about two        
yards long, and gave me not only the liberty of walking backwards           
and forwards in a semi-circle; but, being fixed within four inches          
of the gate, allowed me to creep in, and lie at my full length in           
the temple.                                                                 
                                                                            
P_1|CH_2                                                                    
  CHAPTER II                                                                
-                                                                           
  When I found myself on my feet, I looked about me, and must               
confess I never beheld a more entertaining prospect. The country round      
appeared like a continued garden, and the inclosed fields, which            
were generally forty feet square, resembled so many beds of flowers.        
These fields were intermingled with woods of half a sting, and the          
tallest trees, as I could judge, appeared to be seven feet high. I          
viewed the town on my left hand, which looked like the painted scene        
of a city in a theatre.                                                     
  I had been for some hours extremely pressed by the necessities of         
nature; which was no wonder, it being almost two days since I had last      
unburdened myself. I was under great difficulties between urgency           
and shame. The best expedient I could think of, was to creep into my        
house, which I accordingly did; and shutting the gate after me, I went      
as far as the length of my chain would suffer, and discharged my            
body of that uneasy load. But this was the only time I was ever guilty      
of so uncleanly an action; for which I cannot but hope the candid           
reader will give some allowance, after he has maturely and impartially      
considered my case, and the distress I was in. From this time my            
constant practice was, as soon as I rose, to perform that business          
in open air, at the full extent of my chain, and due care was taken         
every morning before company came, that the offensive matter should be      
carried off in wheelbarrows, by two servants appointed for that             
purpose. I would not have dwelt so long upon a circumstance, that           
perhaps at first sight may appear not very momentous, if I had not          
thought it necessary to justify my character in point of cleanliness        
to the world; which I am told some of my maligners have been                
pleased, upon this and other occasions, to call in question.                
  When this adventure was at an end, I came back out of my house,           
having occasion for fresh air. The Emperor was already descended            
from the tower, and advancing on horseback towards me, which had            
like to have cost him dear; for the beast, though very well trained,        
yet wholly unused to such a sight, which appeared as if a mountain          
moved before him, he reared up on his hinder feet: but that prince,         
who is an excellent horseman, kept his seat, till his attendants ran        
in, and held the bridle, while his Majesty had time to dismount.            
When he alighted, he surveyed me round with great admiration, but kept      
without the length of my chain. He ordered his cooks and butlers,           
who were already prepared, to give me victuals and drink, which they        
pushed forward in a sort of vehicle upon wheels till I could reach          
them. I took these vehicles, and soon emptied them all; twenty of them      
were filled with meat, and ten with liquor; each of the former              
afforded me two or three good mouthfuls, and I emptied the liquor of        
ten vessels, which was contained in earthen vials, into one vehicle,        
drinking it off at a draught; and so I did with the rest. The Empress,      
and young Princes of the blood, of both sexes, attended by many             
ladies, sat at some distance in their chairs; but upon the accident         
that happened to the Emperor's horse, they alighted, and came near his      
person, which I am now going to describe. He is taller by almost the        
breadth of my nail than any of his court, which alone is enough to          
strike an awe into the beholders. His features are strong and               
masculine, with an Austrian lip and arched nose, his complexion olive,      
his countenance erect, his body and limbs well proportioned, all his        
motions graceful, and his deportment majestic. He was then past his         
prime, being twenty-eight years and three quarters old, of which he         
had reigned about seven, in great felicity, and generally                   
victorious. For the better convenience of beholding him, I lay on my        
side, so that my face was parallel to his, and he stood but three           
yards off: however, I have had him since many times in my hand, and         
therefore cannot be deceived in the description. His dress was very         
plain and simple, and the fashion of it between the Asiatic and the         
European; but he had on his head a light helmet of gold, adorned            
with jewels, and a plume on the crest. He held his sword drawn in           
his hand, to defend himself, if I should happen to break loose; it was      
almost three inches long, the hilt and scabbard were gold enriched          
with diamonds. His voice was shrill, but very clear and articulate,         
and I could distinctly hear it when I stood up. The ladies and              
courtiers were all most magnificently clad, so that the spot they           
stood upon seemed to resemble a petticoat spread on the ground,             
embroidered with figures of gold and silver. His Imperial Majesty           
spoke often to me, and I returned answers, but neither of us could          
understand a syllable. There were several of his priests and lawyers        
present (as I conjectured by their habits) who were commanded to            
address themselves to me, and I spoke to them in as many languages          
as I had the least smattering of, which were High and Low Dutch,            
Latin, French, Spanish, Italian, and Lingua Franca; but all to no           
purpose. After about two hours the court retired, and I was left            
with a strong guard, to prevent the impertinence, and probably the          
malice of the rabble, who were very impatient to crowd about me as          
near as they dare, and some of them had the impudence to shoot their        
arrows at me as I sat on the ground by the door of my house, whereof        
one very narrowly missed my left eye. But the colonel ordered six of        
the ringleaders to be seized, and thought no punishment so proper as        
to deliver them bound into my hands, which some of his soldiers             
accordingly did, pushing them forwards with the butt-ends of their          
pikes into my reach; I took them all in my right hand, put five of          
them into my coat pocket, and as to the sixth, I made a countenance as      
if I would eat him alive. The poor man squalled terribly, and the           
colonel and his officers were in much pain, especially when they saw        
me take out my penknife: but I soon put them out of fear; for, looking      
mildly, and immediately cutting the strings he was bound with, I set        
him gently on the ground, and away he ran. I treated the rest in the        
same manner, taking them one by one out of my pocket, and I observed        
both the soldiers and people were highly obliged at this mark of my         
clemency, which was represented very much to my advantage at court.         
  Towards night I with some difficulty got into my house, where I           
lay on the ground, and continued to do so about a fortnight; during         
which time the Emperor gave orders to have a bed prepared for me.           
Six hundred beds of the common measure were brought in carriages,           
and worked up in my house; a hundred and fifty of their beds sewn           
together made up the breadth and length, and these were four double,        
which however kept me but very indifferently from the hardness of           
the floor, that was of smooth stone. By the same computation they           
provided me with sheets, blankets, and coverlets, tolerable enough for      
one who had been so long inured to hardships as I.                          
  As the news of my arrival spread through the kingdom, it brought          
prodigious numbers of rich, idle, and curious people to see me; so          
that the villages were almost emptied, and great neglect of tillage         
and household affairs must have ensued, if his Imperial Majesty had         
not provided, by several proclamations and orders of state, against         
this inconveniency. He directed that those who had already beheld me        
should return home, and not presume to come within fifty yards of my        
house without license from court; whereby the secretaries of state got      
considerable fees.                                                          
                                                     {P_1|CH_2 ^paragraph 5}
  In the meantime, the Emperor held frequent councils to debate what        
course should be taken with me; and I was afterwards assured by a           
particular friend, a person of great quality, who was looked upon to        
be as much in the secret as any, that the court was under many              
difficulties concerning me. They apprehended my breaking loose, that        
my diet would be very expensive, and might cause a famine. Sometimes        
they determined to starve me, or at least to shoot me in the face           
and hands with poisoned arrows, which would soon dispatch me: but           
again they considered, that the stench of so large a carcass might          
produce a plague in the metropolis, and probably spread through the         
whole kingdom. In the midst of these consultations, several officers        
of the army went to the door of the great council chamber; and two          
of them being admitted, gave an account of my behavior to the six           
criminals above mentioned, which made so favorable an impression in         
the breast of his Majesty and the whole board in my behalf, that an         
Imperial Commission was issued out, obliging all the villages nine          
hundred yards round the city, to deliver in every morning six               
beeves, forty sheep, and other victuals for my sustenance; together         
with a proportionable quantity of bread, and wine, and other liquors        
for the due payment of which his Majesty gave assignments upon his          
treasury. For this prince lives chiefly upon his own demesnes, seldom,      
except upon great occasions, raising any subsidies upon his                 
subjects, who are bound to attend him in his wars at their own              
expense. An establishment was-also made of six hundred persons to be        
my domestics, who had board-wages allowed for their maintenance, and        
tents built for them very conveniently on each side of my door. It was      
likewise ordered, that three hundred tailors should make me a suit          
of clothes after the fashion of the country: that six of his Majesty's      
greatest scholars should be employed to instruct me in their language:      
and, lastly, that the Emperor's horses, and those of the nobility, and      
troops of guards, should be frequently exercised in my sight, to            
accustom themselves to me. All these orders were duly put in                
execution, and in about three weeks I made a great progress in              
learning their language; during which time the Emperor frequently           
honored me with his visits, and was pleased to assist my masters in         
teaching me. We began already to converse together in some sort; and        
the first words I learned were to express my desire that he would           
please give me my liberty, which I every day repeated on my knees. His      
answer, as I could apprehend it, was, that this must be a work of           
time, not to be thought on without the advice of his council, and that      
first I must Lumos kelmin pesso desmar lon Emposo; that is, swear a         
peace with him and his kingdom. However, that I should be used with         
all kindness; and he advised me to acquire, by my patience and              
discreet behavior, the good opinion of himself and his subjects. He         
desired I would not take it ill, if he gave orders to certain proper        
officers to search me; for probably I might carry about me several          
weapons, which must needs be dangerous things, if they answered the         
bulk of so prodigious a person. I said, his Majesty should be               
satisfied, for I was ready to strip myself, and turn out my pockets         
before him. This I delivered part in words, and part in signs. He           
replied, that by the laws of the kingdom I must be searched by two          
of his officers; that he knew this could not be done without my             
consent and assistance; that he had so good an opinion of my                
generosity and justice, as to trust their persons in my hands: that         
whatever they took from me should be returned when I left the country,      
or paid for at the rate which I would set upon them. I took up the two      
officers in my hands, put them first into my coat-pockets, and then         
into every other pocket about me, except my two fobs, and another           
secret pocket I had no mind should be searched, wherein I had some          
little necessaries that were of no consequence to any but myself. In        
one of my fobs there was a silver watch, and in the other a small           
quantity of gold in a purse. These gentlemen, having pen, ink, and          
paper about them, made an exact inventory of everything they saw;           
and when they were through, desired I would set them down, that they        
might deliver it to the Emperor. This inventory I afterwards                
translated that into English, and is word for word as follows.              
-                                                                           
  Imprimis, In the right coat pocket of the Great Man Mountain (for so      
I interpret the words Quinbus Flestrin) after the strictest search, we      
found only one great piece of coarse cloth, large enough to be a            
foot cloth for your Majesty's chief room of state. In the left              
pocket we saw a huge silver chest, with a cover of the same metal,          
which we the searchers were not able to lift. We desired it should          
be opened, and one of us stepping into it, found himself up to the mid      
leg in a sort of dust, some part whereof flying up to our faces, set        
us both sneezing for several times together. In his right waistcoat         
pocket we found a prodigious bundle of white thin substances, folded        
one over another, about the bigness of three men, tied with a strong        
cable, and marked with black figures; which we humbly conceive to be        
writings, every letter almost half as large as the palm of our              
hands. In the left there was a sort of engine, from the back of             
which were extended twenty long poles, resembling the palisades before      
your Majesty's court; wherewith we conjecture the Man-Mountain combs        
his head, for we did not always trouble him with questions, because we      
found it a great difficulty to make him understand us. In the large         
pocket on the right side of his middle cover (so I translate the            
word ranfu-lo, by which they meant my breeches) we saw a hollow pillar      
of iron, about the length of a man, fastened to a strong piece of           
timber, larger than the pillar; and upon one side of the pillar were        
huge pieces of iron sticking out, cut into strange figures, which we        
know not what to make of. In the left pocket, another engine of the         
same kind. In the smaller pocket on the right side, were several round      
flat pieces of white and red metal, of different bulk; some of the          
white, which seemed to be silver, were so large and heavy, that my          
comrade and I could hardly lift them. In the left pocket were two           
black pillars irregularly shaped: we could not, without difficulty,         
reach the top of them as we stood at the bottom of his pocket. One          
of them was covered, and seemed all of a piece: but at the upper end        
of the other, there appeared a white round substance, about twice           
the bigness of our heads. Within each of these was enclosed a               
prodigious plate of steel; which, by our orders, we obliged him to          
show us, because we apprehended they might be dangerous engines. He         
took them out of their cases, and told us, that in his own country his      
practice was to shave his beard with one of these, and to cut his meat      
with the other. There were two pockets which we could not enter: these      
he called his fobs; they were two large slits cut into the top of           
his middle cover, but squeezed close by the pressure of his belly. Out      
of the right fob hung a great silver chain, with a wonderful kind of        
engine at the bottom. We directed him to draw out whatever was              
fastened to that chain; which appeared to be a globe, half silver, and      
half of some transparent metal: for on the transparent side we saw          
certain strange figures circularly drawn, and thought we could touch        
them, till we found our fingers stopped by that lucid substance. He         
put this engine to our ears, which made an incessant noise like that        
of a watermill: and we conjecture it is either some unknown animal, or      
the god that he worships; but we are more inclined to the latter            
opinion, because he assured us (if we understood him right, for he          
expressed himself very imperfectly) that he seldom did anything             
without consulting it: he called it his oracle, and said it pointed         
out the time for every action of his life. From the left fob he took        
out a net almost large enough for a fisherman, but contrived to open        
and shut like a purse, and serve him for the same use: we found             
therein several massy pieces of yellow metal, which, if they be real        
gold, must be of immense value.                                             
  Having thus, in obedience to your Majesty's commands, diligently          
searched all his pockets, we observed a girdle about his waist made of      
the hide of some prodigious animal; from which, on the left side, hung      
a sword of the length of five men; and on the right, a bag or pouch         
divided into two cells, each cell capable of holding three of your          
Majesty's subjects. In one of these cells were several globes or balls      
of a most ponderous metal, about the bigness of our heads, and              
requiring a strong hand to lift them: the other cell contained a            
heap of certain black grains, but of no great bulk or weight, for we        
could hold above fifty of them in the palms of our hands.                   
  This is an exact inventory of what we found about the body of the         
Man-Mountain, who used us with great civility, and due respect to your      
Majesty's commission. Signed and sealed on the fourth day of the            
eighty-ninth moon of your Majesty's auspicious reign.                       
                                                    {P_1|CH_2 ^paragraph 10}
                                   Clefren Frelock, Marsi Frelock.          
-                                                                           
-                                                                           
  When this inventory was read over to the Emperor, he directed me,         
although in very gentle terms, to deliver up the several                    
particulars. He first called for my scimitar, which I took out,             
scabbard and all. In the meantime he ordered three thousand of his          
choicest troops (who then attended him) to surround me at a                 
distance, with their bows and arrows just ready to discharge: but I         
did not observe it, for my eyes were wholly fixed upon his Majesty. He      
then desired me to draw my scimitar, which, although it had got some        
rust by the sea water, was in most parts exceeding bright. I did so,        
and immediately all the troops gave a shout between terror and              
surprise; for the sun shone clear, and the reflection dazzled their         
eyes as I waved the scimitar to and fro in my hand. His Majesty, who        
is a most magnanimous prince, was less daunted than I could expect; he      
ordered me to return it into the scabbard, and cast it on the ground        
as gently as I could, about six foot from the end of my chain. The          
next thing he demanded was one of the hollow iron pillars, by which he      
meant my pocket-pistols. I drew it out, and at his desire, as well          
as I could, expressed to him the use of it; and charging it only            
with powder, which by the closeness of my pouch happened to escape          
wetting in the sea (an inconvenience against which all prudent              
mariners take special care to provide) I first cautioned the Emperor        
not to be afraid, and then I let it off in the air. The astonishment        
here was much greater than at the sight of my scimitar. Hundreds            
fell down as if they had been struck dead; and even the Emperor,            
although he stood his ground, could not recover himself in some             
time. I delivered up both my pistols in the same manner as I had            
done my scimitar, and then my pouch of powder and bullets; begging him      
that the former might be kept from the fire, for it would kindle            
with the smallest spark, and blow up his imperial palace into the air.      
I likewise delivered up my watch, which the Emperor was very curious        
to see, and commanded two of his tallest yeomen of the guards to            
bear it on a pole upon their shoulders, as draymen in England do a          
barrel of ale. He was amazed at the continual noise it made, and the        
motion of the minute-hand, which he could easily discern; for their         
sight is much more acute than ours; and asked the opinions of his           
learned men about him, which were various and remote, as the reader         
may well imagine without my repeating; although indeed I could not          
