accompanied by at least 60 workers.  The masters true appearance
is that of a red energy cloud.  It often times appears to be an
attractive human.
Currently the Aiite Master is known as the Elegant Man, his name
is Lyle Benz.  See NPC section for further details.
Infection
Aiites don't create other Aiites like Vampires do, instead they
have to have the Rod of Power.  The Rod of Power appears to be
made of wood.  It is about 11 inches long.  It looks like a
wooden dagger.  In actuality the Rod is part of the Aiite.  About
a month after the human becomes an Aiite, the Rod will grow out
of his back falling off about a week later.  
     The Aiite infects a person by plunging the Rod into the
chest of the victim.  The maximum damage the Rod can is 120
mega-damage.  The Rod can sense what a person is and what he is
wearing, the calculates what it would take to bust through the
humans defenses and that is how much the human will take.  The
human rolls vs. infection at a 18, if he fail he immediately
transform into an Aiite.  Reroll attributes and the characters
only retains a selected amount of skills (see character you
intend to be). 
     Since the Rod is part of the Aiite, he will automatically
know where it is no matter how far away it is.  The infection
only works when an Aiite wields the Rod, if a non-Aiite uses it
as a weapon it does 1D6 S.D.C.  The Rod only takes damage from
gold, the Rod will be destroyed when it receives  80 hit points
in damage.  If the Rod is destroyed the Aiite suffers a loss of
80 hit points, which it cannot regenerate until it grows a new
one.  The Aiite will grow a new one after a month.  Every time a
Aiite infects a person he receives 10 hit points.
Created by PlayeR2000 edited by SEAN
Technocrat O.C.C.
The Technocrats are a sort of Operator that has developed his
powers to a new level. When using their powers they become one
with the machine!  By doing this they exert more control over the
machine and are much more powerful than average pilots. They also
have the ability to make any kind of modification to their
machine making each machine one of a kind.
Requirements
I.Q.: 14, M.A.: 14
O.C.C. powers
Man Machine symbiosis: Like the weapon meld the pilot and the
machine move as one, therefore the pilot must be in a specially
designed cockpit that allows him to hook up with the machine.  
Telemechanics Same as psionic 10 ISP
Object read Same as psionic
Inventiveness Modification of machine 5 ISP
O.C.C. skills
Literacy American 98%
language America 98%
language any  +15%
mechanical engineer  +15
electrical engineer  +20
weapons engineer  +20
W.P. any
Pilot any two at 25%
HTH expert
Related skills  10 skills
Communications: any
Domestic: any
Wilderness: none
Physical: any except SCUBA
Electrical: any
Mechanical: any
Pilot: any
Pilot Related: any
Science: any
Rogue: none
Military: any
Espionage: any
Secondary Skills:  Select six skills from the above list, but no
bonuses.
Equipment
Tool kit (industrial), 15ft wire, pen light, light MDC armor,
notebook, a knife, tool belt, work clothes, hammer, wrench, 4
E-clips,  Select one energy  weapon and two ancient weapons.
Vehicle of your choice
100,000 dollars to modify it, this must all be used or it is
lost.
5,000 must go to  making special cockpit.
Money: 4D6*20 credits
Cybernetics:  None to start out with
ISP: 3D6x2 permanent base
PPE: 2D6 permanent base
Psionics:  Select two from this list only.
Total recall
Resist fatigue
Speed reading
Sense magic
Mind block
Summon inner strength
Death Dragon R.C.C.
I.Q.: 2D6+4
M.E.: 10D6
M.A.: 9D6
P.S.: 5D6* SUPERNATURAL STRENGTH
P.P.: 4D6
P.E.: 5D6
P.B.: ?   
Spd.: 7D6 running, 85 mph flying
I.S.P: 1D10*10
P.P.E.: 1D6*10
MEGA-DAMAGE/HIT POINTS: 1D4*100+100
HORROR FACTOR: 20
ALIGNMENT: ANY but usually selfish or evil some are good.
NATURAL ABILITIES:
1. Mesmerize-This power is sort of like the spell the Kingpriest
of Istar uses in the  
    Dragonlance Legends series.  People remember the horror and
fear of seeing the
    Dragon but won't remember the exact details of the Dragon.
2. Death Sense-The Dragon is able to sense, through the use of
P.P.E., where 
    there is going to be major amounts of deaths occurring.  This
sense tell
   exactly where or when it is going to happen or who is going to
die.  It is 
   more like a force that pulls the Dragon to the place of
oncoming death.  If
   you are a little confused about this then you should read the
book JAWS, and
   how the mammoth shark hunts.  That hunting instinct is a good
depiction of
   how this ability works.
3. Soul Trap-This is not what the rumors make it out to be. 
Instead of entrapping the soul,      
    it absorbs the released P.P.E. that creatures emanate upon
death.  This is different that  
    most other creatures that use P.P.E. to function, instead of
only using a small amount of   
    that released energy and having to use it right away, the
Dragon will store all the 
    released energy and can store for up to 2 months.  Their is a
limit to how much P.P.E.   
    the Dragon can store, the limit is 800 P.P.E.  Their is two
ways the Dragon can
    use this P.P.E.
       A. P.P.E. Discharge-This is the release of all the stored
P.P.E. at one
          time.  This discharge inflicts 1D6+10 M.D.C. to the
Dragon itself. 
          Once it leaves the Dragons body if forms an oddly
shaped 50 foot ball
          of energy that can only go in a straight line for 2,000
feet.
          1st 500ft. is 3d6*10 M.D.C. to anyone hit
       2nd 500ft. is 2D6*10 M.D.C.
       3rd 500ft. is 1d6*10 M.D.C.
       4th 500ft. is 4d6 M.D.C.
       Any creature that is not directly in the way of the ball
feel a slight
       tingly sensation.  Also any creature that feeds off P.P.E.
will feel
       stronger for 1D4 rounds, and have a bonus 1D10 M.D. to
their main body
       B. P.P.E. Withdrawal-The scales can hold the P.P.E. for up
to 2 months
       and while this the Dragon can use the P.P.E. anyway it
wishes.
   Also when a Dragon reaches 5th level it is able to manipulate
P.P.E. even 
   better than before.  It is able to mold P.P.E. into a solid
object that 
   resembles anything the Dragon wants it to look like.  The
object can walk 
   and do simple tasks.  But the creation is actually a shell of
what it is made
   to resemble, it can't talk or think, and it shall die out
after a month.
   The Dragon has total control over his own creation.  Cost to
create one is
   100 P.P.E.
4. Smoke of Anger-If the Dragon is running low on P.P.E. or
hasn't come upon 
   any deaths yet it will probably resort to this attack in order
get more 
   P.P.E.  If a character fails a roll vs. spell at -4 then they
fall into a 
   Rage, attacking anything it sees except the Dragon.  The smoke
cloud is 
   actually a very fine mist that covers a 100ft radius for 1D6
rounds.
5. Feed off P.P.E.- When people die their P.P.E. is released from
their body.
   P.P.E. is doubled at time of death.  The dragon is able to
absorb any P.P.E.
   within a 100ft radius.
FLAWS:
Death Dragons don't like ley lines or Nexus points.  This is due
to the fact that their scales overload in their attempt to absorb
all the P.P.E.  If the Dragons is to close to a ley line (500ft.)
it will eventually die.  
1st minute: Dragon is slightly dizzy -2 to strike, parry, and
dodge 
2nd minute: Burning sensation on Dragons scales
3rd minute: Pain increasing Dragon takes 1D6*10 M.D.C.
4th minute: Pain intense take 3D6*10 M.D.C. 
5th minute: Roll vs. unconsciousness take 3D10*10 M.D.C.
6th minute: Roll vs. Death take 6D10*10 M.D.C.
7th minute: Dragon explodes
If dragon dies at any stage his P.P.E. will be released at triple
the range and damage of the P.P.E. Discharge ability.  Also blast
is not in just one direction it occurs in all directions, their
is no chance to dodge this blast.
SKILLS
Same as all other Dragons, read page 98 of base book for list.
PSIONICS
Dragon considered a minor psionic due to their inability to
manipulate their powers so that they can gain powers. The powers
that they had at birth are the only ones they can have.  Pick 7
from the following list: DEADEN PAIN  DETECT PSIONICS  INDUCE
SLEEP  ALTER AURA  MIND BLOCK  TELEKINESIS ASTRAL PROJECTION 
EMPATHY  CLAIRVOYANCE  MIND BLOCK  SEE AURA  SENSE MAGIC SIXTH
SENSE  TELEPATHY  EMPATHIC TRANSMISSION  HYPNOTIC SUGGESTION.
SPELLS
At 1st level knows all 1st and 2nd level spells along with the
following spells: Energy Bolt, Paralysis/lesser, Blind, Fire
Bolt, Life Drain, Call Lightning, Agony, and Fire Ball.
At 2nd level can learn 10 new spells from 3rd and 4th level
At 4th level can learn 5 new spells from 3rd through 5th level
At 6th level can learn 3 new spells from 3rd through 7th level
At 8th level can learn 3 new spells from 3rd through 8th level
At 10th level can learn 2 new spells from 3rd through 9th level
11th through 15th level can 1 learn new spell between 3rd and
12th level.
Every level the Dragon will gain 3D6 P.P.E.
Initially Dragon will learn spell that will help it disable
creatures.  It will branch out once it achieves higher levels.
NOTE:  The Dragon ABSOLUTELY cannot learn any teleport spells or
any spells that
       has to do with rifts or Dimensional travel, this also
includes pocket and
       so on.
PHYSICAL DESCRIPTION
Dragon is all black when fully charged with the exception of a
white skull shaped blotch on its chest.  When either empty or not
totally charged the color of dragon will be different shades of
gray. 
LENGTH: 25ft.
HEIGHT: 15ft.
WEIGHT: 6 tons.
WINGSPAN: 70ft.
PHYSICAL ATTACKS: BITE- 1D6*10 M.D.C.
            PUNCH- 5D6 M.D.C.
            TAIL- 2D6*10 M.D.C.
            STOMP- 6D6 M.D.C.
                   BODY RAM- 2D6*10 M.D.C.
            CLAWS- 6D6 M.D.C.
Dragon considered an expert in HTH combat with +1 to strike and
+2 to parry and
dodge.
Average Life Span: 10,000 years.  Achieves adulthood at 1,000
years of age.
Allies: None
Enemies:  Fellow Dragon, besides that nothing is considered a
threat.
BACKGROUND
The Death Dragons are the one of the most rarest and mysterious
of all Dragons known to mankind.  They have been seen only a few
times in the last 5 years.  When Death Dragons (DD for short) are
seen it is usually over a battlefield or over a town that will be
destroyed.  That is DD got their names, they seem to be
harbingers of destruction, wherever they went their seem to be
death.  This made DD look like evil beasts that kill people and
suck their soul into a Hellish-like imprisonment, and they were
only released to be eaten by the DD.
These rumors are somewhat true, but due to peoples fear have
blown out of proportion.  It is not entirely impossible to hear
tales of villages leaving at the sight or rumor of a DD nearby. 
If you managed to ever talk to a Dragon about DD, they seem
indifferent and won't answer your question.
WHERE THE DEATH DRAGONS CAME FROM
The DD's are from the unknown planet Dragii.  The planet is
nearing extinction due to the overpopulation of DD's. 
Fortunately for the DD's (and unfortunately for the shifter) a
shifter happened to come across Dragii through a mistake a create
rift spell.  The DD's killed the shifter immediately.  The DD's
using the last of their P.P.E. were able to keep the rift open
long enough for a few hundred DD's to escape to Earth.  The
Dragons they left behind will probably die out within 50 years
unless they are able to find away to get off the planet.
Created By Capt MJB  edited by SEAN
Lightning Dragon R.C.C.
The Lightning Dragon is a rare species of Dragons.  There are 1/4
less Lightning Dragons than there are Chiang Ku's. The stats
below are for the baby dragon.  There are no adults on Rifts
Earth, and they're is only one at Atlantis perhaps once every 10
years. 
Size: The average Lightning Hatchling, in Dragon form, is 40 feet
long, 10 feet high, 7 feet wide, and has a wingspan of 60 feet.
Weight: The average Lightning Dragon weighs in at around 5 to 7
tons.
Attributes: IQ: 6D6  ME: 5D6  MA: 3D6  PS: 4D6  PP: 5D6  PE: 4D6
PB: 5D6
SPD: 6D6+2
PPE: 2d4x10
MDC: 1D6x50
Natural Abilities
1.  Fly at 100 MPH, Nightvision 80 feet, See the Invisible,
Electricity Resistant (1/2 
     damage from Particle and Ion attacks!!!), Regenerates 1D6x5
MDC per 4 minutes.
2.  Metamorphosis: Same as Great Horned Hatchling
3.  Teleport: Same as Great Horned Hatchling, but has 35% +3% Per
level of experience.
4.  Electricity Breath: 4D6 MD, 120 foot range
Psionics: Major Psionic. Choose Seven powers from and of the
psionic categories except super. Chose an additional psionic from
any level but super at levels 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, and 14. Choose 1
power from super at levels 6 and 12. ISP: 3d4x10+10
Magic Knowledge: Same as Great Horned Hatchling 
Spells: Same as Great Horned Hatchling, but can begin learning
spells at level 2.
Combat abilities: Equal to HTH: BASIC. +1 attack and +1 Dodge
 Combat Damage:  Same as normal dragon except that claws do 3D4
M.D. (add to punch attack) and bite does 1D6 M.D.
Size: Normal
Average Life Span: 6,200 years
Adult at 700 years
Lancer O.C.C.
Bonus: P.S.+3, P.P.+2, P.E.+4
Requirements: I.Q.:12, P.S.:15, P.P.:17 P.E.:16
I.S.P. if no psionics then 2d6
P.P.E. permanent base is 2d4
O.C.C. Skills
Aircraft Mechanics +10
Radio: Basic +10
Pilot: Lancer +20
Lancer Combat
Pilot: Jet Aircraft: +10
Navigation +10
Read Sensory Equipment +10
Weapon Systems +10
Pilot: Airplane +5
Literacy +10
Basic and Advanced Math +5
Select three modern W.P.'s
Athletics
Swimming +5
HTH Expert (can move up to martial at cost of one other skill)
OTHER Skills  select 10 skills but at least 2 must be from
physical and one from pilot.
COMMUNICATIONS: (ANY) +5
DOMESTIC: (ANY)
ELECTRICAL-Only Basic Electronics
ESPIONAGE-Only Wilderness Survival
MECHANICAL-Only Weapon and Mechanical Engineer
MEDICAL-Only First Aid and Holistic Medicine
MILITARY-Only Demolition
PHYSICAL: (ANY)
PILOT: (ANY)) +5
ROGUE: (ANY))
SCIENCE-Only Biology, Chemistry, and Astronomy
TECHNICAL-Only Language and Computer Operations and Programming
WEAPON PROFICIENCIES: (ANY)
WILDERNESS-Only Land Navigation and Hunting
Choose a new skill at levels 3, 5, 7, 10, 13, and 15
SECONDARY Skills-Select six skills from the above categories but
without IQ bonus
STANDARD EQUIPMENT:
Lancer PF-1a, a laser rifle of choice with three extra clips, a
laser pistol of choice with two extra clips, select a light
armor, a canteen, first aid kit, survival kit, two weeks of
rations, pilots suit, combat fatigues, compass, portable radio.
MONEY: Starts out at 5,000 credits a month when reach Captain
rank you get 10,000 
credits.
Levels from Private to Commander you are usually in a squad or
group.  Scout to Rogue Colonel you are by yourself, but at each
high level you will more danger, more responsibility, and farther
away from Lazlo.  At the rank of Brigadier Gen. pay is 20,000 a
month, and you are in command of all Lancer pilots and planes. 
You will no longer be flying.
ACE-10 KILLS $1,000 BONUS
DOUBLE ACE-25 KILLS $5,000
MERIT OF VALOR-8 KILLS $400
MERIT OF VALOR WITH BARS-15 KILLS $900
IRON CROSS-40 KILLS $10,000
IRON CROSS WITH BARS-55 KILLS $14,000
IRON CROSS WITH BARS AND CLUSTERS-70 KILLS $20,000
GOLD DRAGON-75 KILLS $30,000
CENTURY AWARD-100 KILLS $50,000
HONOR OF LAZLO-120 KILLS $100,000
McCOY AWARD-500 KILLS $1,000,000
GOLDEN HEART metal is given out for exceptional bravery on the
field of battle, usually given to those pilots that have died
during the battle.  $2,000 bonus every time you get this award.
WHAT COUNTS AS A KILL:
Any Mechanoid counts as a kill, Any power armor or robot counts
also.  Death Heads count for two kills.  As time goes on the
kills necessary to achieve an award or medal will double.
BACKGROUND AND INFORMATION:
The Lancer are a squadron of pilots that originated in Lazlo. 
They were created when the council felt that an attack from the
Coalition was imminent.  They picked the best men available and
trained them to become pilots of the new experimental plane.  The
Lancer has to be quick thinking and be able to endure vast
amounts of stress both physically and mentally.  Currently there
are only 50 pilots and 35 planes.  The council is still not sure
if they should continue making Lancer fighters.  As of right now
there is only one squadron of 15 planes permanently stationed in
Lazlo.  The rest are deployed in either pairs or by
themselves, throughout Old America.  Whether the Pilots succeed
or not will determine if they will continue making Lancers.
FUTURE:
The future depends on you.  If you succeed then there is a good
chance the Lancers will reach full production.  If you
continually fail than the project will be scrapped.  While low
level pilots will be posted Lazlo protecting it from evil D-Bees
and Humans.  Once you reach scout status you will be sent out
fighting in the name of Lazlo, capturing wanted criminals and
thwarting enemies of Lazlo.  As the Coalition turns their
attention to Lazlo you will be asked to fly more missions against
the Coalition.  These ideas are entirely up to the GM.  But
sooner or Later you should realize that the Coalition will attack
Lazlo.
Death Horse NPC
Most of these horses are black in color, while a few are white in
color.  Their flesh appears to be rotting away, with a few gaps
in the skin.  The eyes are a fiery red that eerily glows in the
dark.  The rider does not need a saddle or reins to ride this
horse.  The horse has a 90% prowl at full gallop.  They get a
little nippy when their rider is not around, kicking or biting
anyone who gets to close.
Alignment: Evil or Good alignment depending on the rider
IQ: Animal Intelligence 4+1D4
PS: 20+1D4     *Supernatural Strength*
PP: 10+1D8
PE: 26+1D6
PB: 2D6
Spd: 2D10*10
Hit Points: Mega-damage creature  1D8*10
ISP: 5D6
PPE: 2D10
Horror Factor: 13
Natural Abilities:
1. Stealth- Radar an other forms of detection, like
thermo-imaging, cannot detect the horse          for the horse is
actually dead an in corporeal form.
2. Burning Touch- All non-spirits who touch the horse are
inflicted with 2D4 M.D., the 
    horse feels so cold it burns.
3. Nightvision-120ft., Bio-regenerate 1D6*10 M.D. per melee.
4. Absolute Obedience- The horse will do whatever its rider asks. 
The horse will only 
    respond to its rider.  The two are lifelong mates.  When the
two first meet they bond 
    immediately.
5. Cold Breath- Breath is so cold it inflicts 2D6 M.D. up to 2
feet away.
Combat:
Kick: 1D6 M.D.
Bite: 1D8 M.D.
Stomp: 2D6 M.D.
Ram: 4D6 M.D.
Two attacks per melee.  Bonus of +1 to strike, parry, and dodge.
Height: 6ft
Length: 10ft
Weight: 900lbs
The horse has the same flaws as his rider.  Can only bond with an
Inuit or Seventh Cavalrymen.
Rapid Fly NPC
About ten years ago the rapid fly was the plague of the land,
they destroyed crops and spread disease and death.  The rapid
flies origin is unknown to the human population, but it is
theorized that they came from some huge super dimension where
these insects were normal like a bug is to us.  The rapid flies
have a voracious appetite eating eight times their own body
weight each hour.  A horde of rapid flies have been known to
destroy an entire crop in under an hour.  The flies are not
sentient they react just like any other insect, their main
concerns are to eat and to reproduce.  If they are alone an
attacked their main objective is to escape.  The rapid flies are
much more confident when they are in large groups, they are much
more likely to attack instead of retreating.  Another problem
with the rapid fly is that they carry an unknown virus that is
believed to be a regular cold in their own dimension, but on
Earth this virus is deadly.  As of right now their is no known
cure for this virus that local inhabitants call the "chills".
Alignment: Anarchist or Miscreant
IQ: Insect Intelligence 1D4
ME:  2D6
MA: 2D6
PS: 4D6   *Supernatural Strength*
PP: 3D6
PE: 4D6
PB: 1D4
Spd: 5D6 crawling or 75 mph flying
ISP: 1D6*10
PPE: 2D10
Hit Points/M.D.C.: 1D8*10 
Horror Factor: 12
Height: 1 foot
Length: 3 feet
Wingspan: 7 feet
Physical Description: The insect looks like a mix between a bee
and a fly.  It has a stinger on its back that it uses to defend
itself, while it also spits mucus when it bites a victim.  This
mucus helps the fly to digest food, the mucus is highly
contagious to most Earth animals.  The flies main color is black
but they do have a few red splotches located on its body.  
Natural Abilities:
1.  Fly:  The fly can fly at speeds up to 75 mph for over two
hours.  
2.  Fly vision: The fly sees things differently from us, they see
differences in light and dark                that allows to see
much more effectively than us.  This vision also allows them to
see in    
     the dark very well.
3.  Bio-Regeneration: The fly has very good healing system. 
1D4*10 per melee.
4.  Mucus:  The mucus comes into effect when the fly uses its
bite attack.  If the fly     
     breaks the skin of its victim than the mucus enters the
bloodstream.  Victim must save   
     vs. lethal poison or they will get sick 1D4 days and
eventually dying in six days.  Even if    
     victims successfully saves they will get sick in 1D4 days
but will get over it six days.   
     Also if the victims survives they are totally immune to that
one flies mucus but no 
     other flies mucus.  The illness makes the victim feel very
cold and they involuntarily 
     shiver.  Every three hours the victim vomits uncontrollably,
also the victims has a 
     splitting headaches that does not ease up.  When sick the
character can not perform any 
     magic spells due to lack of concentration.  Also a -15% to
performing all skills, and -3 
     to parry, dodge, and strike.
Combat
Bite: 1D6 M.D.
Stinger: 2D6 M.D.
Ram: 2D6 M.D.
Wingwhip: 3D6 M.D. (counts as two attacks)
Attacks: three
Ghost Buffalo NPC
These monsters look like white buffalo, they roam the plains in
great herds.  These monsters are harmless unless attacked.  The
only problem with the buffalo is that they travel in great herds,
sometimes measuring in the thousands, trampling everything in
their path.  The buffalo's are very destructive, they do not care
for human life or property nothing diverts them from their path.
Alignment: Anarcist
IQ: Animal Intelligence 1D6
ME: 2D6
MA: 2D6
PS: 5D6   *Supernatural Strength*
PP: 3D6
PE: 5D6
PB: 3D6
Spd: 6D6
ISP: 1D4*10
PPE: 5D6
Horror Factor: 13
Hit Points: 2D6*10
Height: 5ft
Length: 7ft
Weight: Anywhere 1,000 to 2,000 pounds
Natural Abilities
1.  Herd: The buffalo have a natural ability to locate other
ghost buffaloes within 100 
     miles.  Using this sense the buffalo will gather in great
herds numbering in the                 
      thousands.                                                  
                             
2.  Nightvision: 200 feet, Bio-regeneration: 2D6 Hit Points per
melee.
3.  Ghostly Appearance: The buffalo appear to be an eerie white
color.  You can almost 
     see through, but you can't.
4.  Cold Touch:  Touching the skin of the dead inflicts such a
cold shock to the toucher that it inflicts mega-damage.  2D6 M.D.
for every attack touching it.
Combat
Head Butt: 1D6 M.D.
Ram: 3D6 M.D.
Kick: 2D6 M.D.
Attacks: Three
Other Animals known to inhabit North Dakota.  
Having Monsters & Animals is suggested but not required.  Also
having  Rifts: England is suggested.  
Northern Grizzly Bear, Brown Bear, Bison, Wart hog, Condor,
Osprey, Red-Tailed Hawk, 
Great Horned Owl, King Cobra, Deer, Raccoon, Minx, Fox, Rabbit,
Beaver, Skunks, Gopher, Red Squirrel, Chipmunk, Swallow,
Blackbird, Lark, Robin, Sparrow, Duck, Ring-Necked Pheasant, Wild
Goose, Grouse, Coyote, Prairie Dog, Salmon, Pike, Carp,  Bass,
and Sunfish.
Animals that originated from England usually get here by means
depositing their eggs in cargo and then is delivered to North
Dakota or neighboring states.  They eventually will reach North
Dakota, and from their they start to multiply.
North Dakota currently has Crawlies, Giant Clamp-Mouth Dragonfly,
Flash Beetle, and Stone Ball Bug.
New Psionics
Growth    Category: Physical  Duration: Instant   ISP: 6    
Range: 100 feet per level     This power fertilizes and
stimulates seeds by feeding it ISP.  The seed will rapidly start
to grow reaching full maturity y in one hour.  The seed will grow
anywhere.  Can be used on more than one seed.
Rain      Category: Sensitive Duration: 1 hour    ISP: 12   
Range: 100 feet per level     This is similar to the power in
Rifts: Africa.  As long as there is at least 1% humidity in the
air the psychic will make it rain.
Animal Empathy   Category: Sensitive    Duration: 10 minutes    
ISP: 5
Range: Touch             This power allows the psychic to
understand animal emotions.  He can tell what the animal likes
and dislikes, or what is wrong with it.  The power allows the
character to act like a Doctor Doolittle.
Calm Animal     Category: Sensitive     Duration: Instant   ISP:
2 per animal
Range: 500 feet per level     The psychic can calm a raging
animal.  Useful for stopping stampedes and calming animals so you
can treat them.
Repel Insects    Category: Physical     Duration: 10 min. per
level     ISP: 8
Range: 5 feet per level       This is used to repel insects away
from the user.  At lower levels power is meant to keep insects
away from user, at higher levels meant to keep away from houses
or caravans.
Create Well    Category: Sensitive Duration: Instant   ISP: 10
Range: -            This power is sort of like the one in
Wormwood, except their has to be a hole or trench already dug. 
Also their has to be at least 1% humidity in the air.  The user
will pull precipitation from the air and direct it toward the
hole.
Ride Animal    Category: Physical  Duration: Hour per level  
ISP: 11
Range: Touch             This power is a combination calm animal
and forcing your *will on the animal.  The user can ride any
animal as long as it has an animal intelligence.  He can also
direct it and tell it how fast or how slow he wants it to go.
Purify Soil    Category: Physical  Duration: Instant   ISP: 7
Range: Acre per level         Allows user to rid any toxins that
are the soil, making it fertile.  Will also get rid of low-levels
of radiation.
Scarecrow Category: Sensitive Duration: 2 weeks per level    ISP:
Range: 10           The user builds a scarecrow and then uses
this power to implant a fear into the scarecrow equal to horror
factor seven.  It scares away all birds in the surrounding areas. 
Also it can sometimes scare away low-level, low-power
supernatural beings like faerie folk.  More powerful beings will
not be affected.
Purify food and water    Category: Physical  Duration: Instant   
ISP: 15
Range: Touch or 3 feet   This power is exactly like the spell
located on page 179 in Rifts RPG.
Purify Room    Category: Physical  Duration: 1 hour per level    ISP:
Range: 10 by 10 foot room     This power cleanses a room leaving
it germ and dust free.  This power is ideal for sanitizing a
surgery room or for housing the sick or infested.  Ill people
will get over sickness three times faster while in this
environment.
Notes about Surround Areas    By Erin Tarn  1004 P.A.
South Dakota
South Dakota is truly an evil place.  It is said a Supernatural
Intelligence has enslaved the population there and made it a
haven for D-Bee's.  Many, are the tales of atrocities by the
hands of Monsters.  It is said that they have set up camps for
humans to die in.  This brings back memories of Auschwitz in the
1940's.  Right now North Dakota cities are not powerful enough to
help.  The Coalition either does not know or care about the
human's plight in South Dakota.  The Coalition has yet to lift a
finger to help.
Minnesota
Minnesota is almost barren of with Tolkeen being the only
exception.  The Xiticix have tripled their size in the last three
years, threatening to decimate all of humanity in Minnesota and
the surrounding areas.  Fortunately Prosek has realized that his
own empire is threatened, and has called a truce between the
Coalition and Tolkeen.  Together they hope to defeat the Xiticix. 
Sadly once the Xiticix have been defeated the Coalition will
resume its siege of Tolkeen.  I fear for Tolkeen, for now they
have to fight two enemies.
Montana
Montana is a haven for humanity.  Too far away for the Coalition
to have any influence on them, the inhabitants live peacefully.
The only problem is the Magic zone located in the western portion
of the old state, but even that is not a major problem.  The zone
is controlled by a 26th level Great Horned dragon.  He considers
the zone to be his domain, nothing can come in or out without his
approval.  Only once has anything ever escaped from the zone. 
The ones lucky enough were a group of Death Dragons, an only a
small number at that (300).  I see Montana as the next great
civilization waiting to happen.  The people here are a hard
working industrious lot.  While their tech-level is low (19th
century, they are eagerly learning everything thing they can.  It
will be interesting to see if they can survive with all this doom
and despair surrounding them.
Winnipeg (Canada)  Not by Erin Tarn
Winnipeg is a hustling trade town of the Splugorth.  Relatively
few outsiders know about this town.  Splynncryth set this town up
a few years back in the hopes to corner the market in technology
in the Northwest.  So far his plan is working very well.  That
could all change if the Coalition were to get wind of this town. 
The paranoid leaders of Chit-Town will not allow a threat like
that so close to its borders.  Chi-town would forget about other
plans of invasions an attack Winnipeg until it is just ashes. 
The town defenses consist of two Dragon Dreadnoughts, 20 Creax
armored Rovers, 10 Insecton Land Rovers,  50 Kittani Serpent
Power Armors, and 25 Equestrian Power Armors.
Reactions by other Powers
This is how other powers would react upon learning about
McCoyville and Space Station.
Coalition:  If the Coalition was ever to learn that McCoyville
still exists they would send in three divisions to utterly
destroy McCoyville.  They would also occupy all of North Dakota
to ensure that McCoyville will never again rise from the ashes. 
If they were to find out about the Space Station, they would
immediately ally themselves with the New German Republic.  They
will order their scientists to find away of getting into space,
so that they can dispatch with this threat.  The paranoid leaders
of the Coalition would unite the human population, forgetting
about past differences and set them on a common goal to destroy
the space station.  
New German Republic:  The NGR would not care about McCoyville and
might actually try to trade with them.  If they were to find out
about the Station, they would become extremely interested in
getting the technology to get up there.  They would do anything
to get that technology, even if means helping the Coalition
destroy McCoyville.
Mechanoids:  The Mechanoids would not care about McCoyville,
seeing it as to far away to do anything.  If they find out about
the station they too would become extremely interested.  They
would view the space station as a way to contact their fellow
Mechanoids.  They would too would do almost anything to get up
their.
ARCHIE Seven:  Upon learning about such a powerful station so
close to the moon, he would forge an alliance with the rest of
the stations in order to destroy the station.  ARCHIE and the
other stations cannot allow Earthlings to get a foothold in
space.  They do not want evil monsters and humans to destroy
their environment like they did on Earth so long ago.
Atlantis:  If Atlantis was to learn about McCoyville, Splynncryth
would like to enter a trade agreement with the to further is
strength in the Northeast.  But if they don't agree he will not
push the matter not wanting anyone to find out about Winnipeg. 
The station would be of little interest to him, for Earth is the
true commodity for him.
This is how other powers would react upon learning about
Winnipeg.
Coalition:  They would do an all out attack on this city not
stopping until Winnipeg is  destroyed.  The Coalition cannot
allow the Splugorth so close to their borders.
NGR:  To far away to make any difference.  They might supply
Coalition with some +weapons.
McCoy:  McCoy has been to Atlantis, and knows that the Splugorth
are ruthless traders.  He will start a private war with Winnipeg,
trying to make Splynncryth give up on the idea of a Northeastern
trading region.
Mechanoids:  Don't care.
This is how other powers would react upon learning about Arpita
Coalition:  They would immediately occupy North Dakota, they
cannot something this powerful so close to their borders.
Atlantis:  They would not try and prevent Arpita's growth unless
it interferes with their trading in Winnipeg.  If it does
interfere Splynncryth will send an army into the Badlands to
wipeout Arpita and his minions.
Atlanteans:  They would treat Arpita and his minions the same way
they treat vampires.
*Note, these are the updated an official versions of these
characters*
Jim McCoy
McCoy was born in Lazlo where he lived for 16 years.  While
living in Lazlo he learned that not all D-bee's are evil and that
sometimes humans are more evil.  His parents encouraged learning
and free thinking.  On his 16th birthday he left Lazlo to wander
the world.  McCoy learned he liked to help people, and that
killing was a terrible thing.  After several years he returned to
Lazlo, where he was elected to the Congress of Electorate. 
During his term he worked hard to ease the pain of many.  McCoy
retired from office when his mother a Mind Melter was killed by
an unidentified army.  McCoy wandered the world for many years
unsure of what to do next.  McCoy settled in a small valley in
North 
Dakota, where he began to build a company.  While in Dakota McCoy
followed up on one of his dreams, and that was to create an
artificial life.  His first version Jorgenson, Jorgenson was a
Neural Intelligence.  While Jorgenson was good, McCoy felt he
could do better.  He was creating a robot, when the Coalition
invaded his town.  One of the Coalitions missiles hit a sensitive
part of his factory.  In the chaos that pursued, McCoy essence
was transferred to the robot.  McCoy fled Earth seeking the
safety of his station.  McCoy has not come done yet, and probably
will never come done unless it is an emergency.
True Name: Jim Holloway
Alignment: Scrupulous
Attributes: IQ: 30, ME: 20, MA: 18, PS: 51, PP: 34, PE: -, PB:
22, Spd: 200 mph
Weight: 1500lbs     Height: 15ft    Age: At time of
transformation was 39yrs old
PPE: 24  ISP: 9
Hit Points/M.D.C.: 605
Experience Level: 16th level Body Fixer
Psionic Powers: None
Magic Knowledge: None
Combat: HTH: Martial Arts with Boxing and all physical
Attacks Per Melee: Seven
Bonuses: +2 on initiative, +10 to strike, +14 to parry and dodge,
+36 S.D.C. damage, +16 to roll, +8 to pull.
Punch: 2D6 M.D.
Punch: 6D6 M.D.
Power Punch: 2D6*10 M.D.
Kick: 4D6 M.D.
Leap Kick: 1D6*10 M.D.
Tackle: 3D6 M.D.
Stomp: 1D6 M.D.
Skills of Note: Knows all medicine at 98%, W.P. Energy Rifle,
Energy Pistol, Heavy, Sword, and Knife.
Favorite Weapons: 200A Rifle, C-27, K4, a vibroblade, and a
fusion block.  McCoy can also use almost any weapon he wants.
Body Armor:  McCoy wears a specially modified Illinois armor that
weighs 100lbs and gives 100 M.D.C.
Special Vehicle:  A modified Behemoth.  Note the Behemoth is not
in this book but probably will be in my edition of Mutants in
Orbit.
Cybernetics:  McCoy's body is very different than most robots. 
McCoy made the robot modular, so that you could add or remove
different cybernetics based on the assignment.  McCoy can use and
does use virtually every type of cybernetic.  Some important ones
is the fake skin cosmetics listed in the Sourcebook #1.
Money: McCoy carries only about 1,000 credits, but has at his
disposal billions of credits in metals and rock (gold and
jewels).
Alliances & Allies: Brother of Texder Worthington, Grizzle, and
the government of Lazlo.
Sean Holloway
Son of John Holloway, brother to McCoy.  Sean was the youngest in
the family.  From early on you could tell Sean was different from
his brothers.  He was far more aggressive and meaner than the
others.  When Sean was 18 years old he joined the Coalition and
unknowingly killed his mother on a raid of a small D-bee loving
town.  Sean has broken all ties with the rest of his family, the
Coalition is his family now.  Sean will have no problems or
qualms about killing a member of his family if so ordered.  Sean
is currently located in Guardian, where he is fourth in command.
True Name: Sean Holloway
Rank: Captain
Alignment: Aberrant
Attributes: IQ: 20, ME: 17, MA: 13, PS: 40, PP: 32, PE: 35, PB:
14, Spd: 52
Hit Points: 82, S.D.C.: 124
Weight: 280lbs      Height: 75 inches   Age: 27
PPE: 10  ISP: 2
Experience Level: Seventh level Military Specialist
Psionic Powers: None
Magic Knowledge: None
Combat: HTH: Assassin and boxing
Attacks Per Melee: Seven
Bonuses: +1 on initiative, +12 to strike, +14 to parry and dodge,
+12 to roll, and +4 to pull.
Skills of Note: See Military Specialist template.  Average Skill
Level is 86%
Weapons: C-12, Wilk's 457, 5 grenades (5D6), CAWS AA1 (1D6*10
S.D.C.), Pump 
Pistol, particle beam, 5 Fusion Blocks (4D6*10), also Sean can
get almost any weapon within reason.
Body Armor: Dead Boy armor 80 M.D. also can use Gladiator Armor
70 M.D.
Special Vehicle: Coalition Sky Cycle
Cybernetics: Headjack with special augmentation, Video camera
eye, Optic nerve video implant, and particle beam.
Money: 336,000 credits an also gets a monthly salary.
Alliance & Allies: He trust no one except the Coalition
Texder Worthington
Texder is the second oldest brother of the Holloway family,
second only to McCoy. Texder lead a life different than the rest
of his brothers.  Unlike their more aggressive ways, Texder
learned the difficult art of magic.  One thing that was same with
all the brothers was that he liked to build things, Texder found
that with the aid of magic he could make his machinery better
than normal.  Texder developed this art, and became a head
technician to the McCoy complex in North Dakota.  Texder did not
flee to the space station like the rest of the citizens, instead
he left the valley and headed to Lazarus.  After a few years
Texder was elected to the council where he secretly supplies the
town with supplies an arms from McCoy's factories.  Texder does
not use his magical powers in public and has not told anybody in
Lazarus about these powers.
True Name: Texder Holloway
Alignment: Principled
Attributes: IQ: 23, ME: 30, MA: 28, PS: 34, PP: 37, PE: 36, PB:
15, Spd: 46
Hit Points: 102     S.D.C.: 156
Weight: 230lbs  Height: 72 inches   Age: 39
PPE: 224    ISP: 101
Experience Level: Ninth level Techno-Wizard
Psionic Powers: Speed Reading, Total Recall, Mind Block, and
Tele-mechanics.
Magic Knowledge: Blinding Flash, Globe of Daylight, See Aura,
Sense Evil, Chameleon, Levitation, Mystic Alarm, Armor of Ithan,
Energy Bolt, Fuel Flame, Ignite Fire, Impervious to Fire,
Telekinesis, Energy Field, Fire Bolt, Circle of Flame, Energy
Disruption, Call Lightning, Fire Ball, Impervious to Energy,
Words of Truth, Wind Rush, Cloud of Smoke, Thunder Clap, Create
Magic Scroll, Time Slip, Invulnerability, Invisibility: Superior,
Magic Net.
Combat: HTH: Martial Arts and boxing
Attacks Per Melee: 7
Bonuses: +3 on initiative, +12 to strike, +17 to parry and dodge,
and +9 to roll.
Skills of Note: See Techno-Wizard Template.
Weapons: C-12, Wilk's 457, and a K4
Special Weapons: Texder has made numerous weapons that are not
mentioned in this book.  Perhaps I will include them in later
books.
Body Armor: Crusader 55 M.D.
Cybernetics: None
Money: 1,175,000 credits are at his disposal.
Alliance & Allies: His brothers, the government of Lazarus.
Grizzleberrelcaderall (Grizzle for short)
Grizzle is the adopted son McCoy's great grandfather.  Grizzle
parents were killed by roving band of marauders, McCoy's great
grandfather found him and raised him like a son.  When he died
McCoy's grandfather took care of him, and then his father took
care of him.  McCoy Considers him a brother, and not a distant
relative.  Grizzle studies the art of magic, and he played a
major role in the evacuation of McCoyville when the Coalition
attacked.  Currently Grizzle is on the space station, training
young ones in the art of magic.  He is the General to McCoy's
magic division of his army.
True Name: The Same
Alignment: Unprincipled
Attributes: IQ: 20, ME: 19, MA: 25, PS: 24, PP: 38, PE: 35, PB:
36, Spd: 52
Hit Points: 100     S.D.C.: 154
Weight: 290lbs  Height: 83 inches   Age: 155
PPE: 500    ISP: 60
Experience Level: Ninth level Elf Shifter
Psionic Powers: None
Magic Knowledge: All spells in the Rifts RPG known
Combat: HTH: Martial Arts
Attacks Per Melee: Six
Bonuses: +2 on initiative, +11 to strike, +17 to parry and dodge,
+9 to roll, and +6 to pull
Skills of Note: See Shifter Template
Weapons: Wilk's 457, Vibrosword, C-12, 2 fusion blocks.  All of
his weapons are attuned to him.
Special Vehicle: None
Cybernetics: None
Money: 12,000 credits
Alliance & Allies: His family
Note:  Here are a some more of the Holloway family that was not
mentioned in this book.
John Holloway: Rogue Scholar, Father
Frank Holloway: Headhunter, Brother, A.K.A.: Stainless Steel Rat
Crunyon: Vagabond, Sister
Maxima: Eandorth Cyber-Knight, Friend and General to McCoy
Maryian Holloway: Mind Melter, Mother-Dead
Greagon: Burster, Son of Texder
Larann Worthington: Rogue Scientist, Wife of Texder-died in
McCoyville
Michael Jorgenson
Jorgenson was McCoy's first attempt a robot.  Jorgenson worked
out perfectly.  Currently Jorgenson is in charge of security at
McCoyville.  McCoy also made a eagle and a wolf, as companions
and protection for Jorgenson.  Jorgenson seldom leaves McCoyville
an if he does it is only for a short period of time.
True Name: AA1
Alignment: Unprincipled
Attributes: IQ: 28, PS: 60, PP: 43, PB: 26, Spd: 220
Hit Points/M.D.C.: 700
Weight: 1,800lbs    Height: 19ft    Age: Looks to be 19     Sex:
Looks Male
PPE and ISP: Nil
Experience Level: Neural Intelligence Bot
Psionic Powers: Nil
Magic Knowledge: Nil
Combat: Martial Arts
Attacks Per Melee: Six
Bonuses: +6 on initiative, +11 to strike, +11 to parry and dodge,
+10 to roll 
Lyle Benz (A.K.A.: The Elegant Man)
Lyle was your average Joe, meaking out an existence deep in the
bowels of Chi-Town when he was confronted by Arpita.  Lyle had
always dreamed of being something better than he was, Arpita
played on that fantasy and convinced Lyle to the transformation. 
Since then Lyle has gained power, fame, money, and the all
important respect through fear.  Lyle enjoy's controlling people,
he views the world as a chess board and people are his pawns to
be manipulated and discarded at his whim.  Lyle tries many ways
to booster his legions of undead troops.  So far the most popular
and most effective method is tantalizing humans with the hopes of
gold in North Dakota.  Lyle is always dressed in a expensive
suit, looking his best at all times.  In his true form Lyle looks
like a red mist.
True Name: Lyle Benz
Alignment: Diabolic
Attributes: IQ: 22, ME: 23, MA: 20, PS: 40, PP: 29, PB: 2/23,
Spd: 2
Considered a Supernatural Creature
Hit Points: 410
PPE: 50, ISP: 300
Horror Factor: 14 when in mist form.
R.C.C.: Aiite Master 
Level of Experience: Tenth
Natural Abilities: Nightvision-200ft., Invulnerability (special),
communication with Arpita, bio-regenerate-1D8*10 per melee,
