ADVANCE ARROW
   If the pointer is in front of Diermots body, you'll get
this, the advance arrow. It still works in the same way as
the pointer insofar as you need to press BUTTON A to make
Diermot move. He'll advance.
RETREAT ARROW
   It's obviously the exact opposite of the advance arrow.
If the pointer is behind Diermot and BUTTON A is pressed
then he will retreat.
THE AXE ICON
   This is trickier, because the icon appears in three
different locations, depending on the position of the
pointer. To get the axe icon at all, the pointer has to be
over(or very near) Diermot's body. If the pointer is near
Diermot's head you'll get the axe icon in a high position.
If the pointer is at Diermot's waist level, you'll get an
axe icon in a central position, while if you drag the mouse
down towards Diermot's feet you'll get the axe in a low
position. These three positions are both attack and defend
positions. Here's how to use them...
   Whether Diermot will attack or defend depends entirely on
which button is pressed, and which button you press depends
on what side Diermot is being attacked from.
   THE ATTACK BUTTON IS THE BUTTON NEAREST YOUR ENEMY
   THE DEFEND BUTTON IS THE BUTTON FURTHEST FROM YOUR ENEMY
--------------------------------------------------------------
      TWO MINOR ICONS EXPLAINED IN CASE YOU WET YOUR PANTS
   So as not to worry you you should know that an icon of a
movie camera will appear as the machine gets ready to do a
graphic sequence.
   Also when you have clicked for Diermot to move somewhere
a clock icon will appear as the computer thinks out his
route.
PAGE TWENTY SEVEN
-----------------
              SAVING AND LOADING YOUR GAME
              ----------------------------
   First you'll need to make a data disc. Insert a blank
disc into the drive (DF0) and move your pointer to the top
of the screen. A menu bar will appear. Point to FILE, hold
down BUTTON A and select FORMAT DISC, then release the
button. Press BUTTON A to make a data disc.
   If you want to save your position, select SAVE GAME from
the FILE menu, release the BUTTON, then select one of the
nine save slots on your data disc. When a slot is empty the
name of the slot appears in lower case, and when used it
will cahange to capitals.
   To RESTORE a game follow the same procedure, selecting
the required saved position from the list of slots.
  TEXT SPEED
  __________
   I nearly forgot, if you want to change the speed at which
the text is printed on screen simply select the HELP menu
from the top of the screen. Two options are available: slow
text and fast text.
PAGE TWENTYNINE
---------------
        PART SEVEN-QUICK START REFEREANCE
       -----------------------------------
   When dealing with the menus the general rule to follow is
that the LEFT BUTTON acts as the selector while the RIGHT
BUTTON acts as the deselector.
   When the pointer is a small arrow the mouse acts as
follows:
LEFT: WALK to the selected spot
RIGHT: DRINK, EXAMINE, LOOK, and list STATUS (inventory).
   When the pointer is a crosshair:
LEFT: EXAMINE object or character.
RIGHT: interact with an object.....GET,PULL, etc.
       interact with a character...TALK TO, GIVE, TELL, etc.
PAGE THIRTY
-----------
           WHAT AM I MEANT TO DO?
          -----------------------
   IT'S AN ADVENTURE. YOU'LL FIND OUT AS YOU GO ALONG. FOR
THOSE WHO ARE NOT HARDENED VETERANS OF ADVENTURE GAMES THERE
ARE A FEW PAGES OF HINTS TO HELP YOU.
PAGE THIRTYONE
--------------
        HINTS
        -----
TALK: Talk to everyone. Even boring characters may hold
precious information. But be careful what YOU say....see
enemies.
LOOK: Some items are obvious, some are not. search your
locations carefully.
PEEK: Peek through anything you find peekable. It's handy to
find out things like (a) what people are saying behind your
back, or (b) who is or is not in a room before you do
something, and (c)if you have SEEN an object it will be
added to your noun inventory. You can then ask someone about
it even though you have not been in it's actual location.
BRIBE: You can be a bit LIBERAL with your cash just before
you ask them a question. But don't be too liberal or you'll
have no cash to be liberal with!
HELP: Don't be too proud to ask someone for help. If you
think you can't do something yourself, then maybe you could
talk someone into giving you a hand or, heaven forbid, even
doing it for you.
ENEMIES: If you're talking to someone and annoy them in some
way, it might not end there- they may meet someone on THEIR
travels and relay the incident: "That Diermot," they might
say, "There's something fishy about him!" That sort of
thing. Rumours and gossip can travel like wildfire, and
you'll be oblivious to it until it's too late.
EXAMINE: You've got an object and can't work out what to do
with it. So examine it. And don't forget it's not only the
objects that you are carrying that can be examined.
PAGE THIRTYSIX
--------------
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven
 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560
                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
M A R I O, Archer Blue, A Short History of Mario
THE HISTORY OF MARIO
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     Remember back... a LONG time ago when the newest gaming
sensation was Super Mario Bros.? Come now, think back...
     Well, he is the most enduring video game personality of all.
He has been made into a feature film, a saturday morning cartoon
show, an after school live action program, and too many video games
to count (but we will).
     
MARIO IS BORN
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     Ah, how distinctly I remember, twas in 1981, immediatly after the
Pacman era, when Mario first appeared on the arcade scene under the     
unassuming name of Jumpman. And do you recall where this ws, ladies and
gents? In the smash hit Donkey Kong (Japanesse for Silly Monkey), wherin 
Jumpman dodges barrels and overturns pies in an attempt to rescue sweet
Pauline. He is a carpenter.
     In 1982, he is Donkey Kongs jailer, and Donkey Kong Junior tries
to save him from the villianous Mario.
     In 1983, Mario becomes a plumber, and his brother Luigi helps him to
destroy irritating turtles (the forerunners of the Koopas) and unclog
drains. This was Mario's first starring role.
     1985, a new era is born. The first game EVER to use horizontal
scrolling makes the Donkey-Kong style one screen games a thing     
of the past. Super Mario Bros. hits the scene! It was the most popular of
the games to reach the NES, and it was by this lisence that Nintendo
pushed its way up and over its rival Sega, and give it a trademark!
     
MARIO GROWS UP
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     It was to be three years before Mario and his brother Luigi would
have another starring role, and in 1988 there was Mario Madness (SMB 2).
But this was certainly not Super Mario Bros. Two. Just look at it.
Why the drastic difference?
     SMB2 was released in Japan as the sequal to SMB1. But when Nintendo
of America looked at it, they thought it too chalenging for North American
players. But the U.S.A. was screaming for more Mario, and besides, Nintendo 
just couldan't make it without him, so in a panic they bought the rights to 
a Japanesse game called Doki Doki Panic, which featured four Arabian 
characters in turbins, and reprogrammed a little. Notice all the deserts
and flying carpets? Notice that ALL the original Mario monsters are gone?
In Japan, that game does not exist with a Mario. Mario does not exist     
with that game. We each have a different version of SMB2.
     The Japanesse version of SMB2 has been released in this country as 
Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels, and is available with the Super
Mario All Stars package. Naturally, for some unknown reason, Nintendo
does not openly acknowledge that this was the oriental version of SMB2.
     The most popular video game ever released for the NES was SMB3.
It remains the most popular NES game.
     The Japanesse also had a Mario Four, but Nintendo of America
felt the need to rename it Super Mario World, in 1991. Geesh...
     You may recall that in 1989, Game Boy started to exist. And with it, 
the Mario game Super Mario Land (and its sequal, The Six Golden Coins).
Also, Dr. Mario. He has "cameo" appearences in Pinball, Tennis, Golf,
Punch Out (the referee), Wrecking Crew (yeah, that's him), Alleyway,
Tennis for Gameboy, Tetris for Gameboy (the cinema sequences), Golf for
the Gameboy, F-1 Race, QIX, NES Open Tournament Golf.
     There are also two games that are not action but educational, 
Marios Time Machine and Mario Is Missing. Mario Is Missing
is the much requested solo game for Luigi.
INTERESTING FACTS?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Mario's creator is Shigeru Miyamoto
The bosses are modeled after the Mario Staff Members, giving them
 their due credit in a very special way.
Mario's general look was due to graphics limitations of the early 80's.
 He wears overalls to show arm movement. A mouth could not be seen on
 the limited screens of the time, so a moustache was substituted.
 His hat is necesary because they had to few shades of brown to do hair.
 His hands are white to contrast with the colored backgrounds.
Mario is a plumber because his character was intended to be hardworking.
He is shorter than his enemies and the princess he rescues on purpose.
The concept of Yoshi has been around since SMB1, but programming
 limitations made it impossible until 1991, with SMB4 (Super Mario World)
Super Mario World took three years to make, and had a design team of 
 sixteen people.
                        
                                Archer Blue
                                0strich Dox
                                  c.1993
                        0strich WHQ (802) 660-9875   
                        
     
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven
 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560
                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 this story should be read while listening
 to `Lorelei' by the Cocteau Twins.
 There is a knock at the front door.  I rush to open it,  because
I know who it will be...  you stand there,  with an overnight bag
full of Reeboks slung over your shoulder and the weary expression
of the seasoned bus-traveler draped over your features.  You rush
into my arms,  almost knocking me over, and as we kiss, I murmur,
 `Oh  Mark...  I'm so  relieved  that you're here...'  and, for a
while after that, there is no need for words.
 Somewhat  later,  we  are  sitting  cross-legged  under the huge
dining-room table,  trying to reduce my parents' liquor supply to
zero.
 `Would you  like some more  Kahlua in that milk?' I ask, holding
 up the bottle (which is still half-full).
`You're trying to get me drunk,  aren't you?'  You smile as I top
up the tall glass  until the fluid  is the colour of  dark  swiss
chocolate.  I force it to your lips.
 `Come on,  skull it, SKULL IT!' after a brief struggle with only
about a tablespoon's-worth of liqueur spilled, your blood-alcohol
level is quite above .05.   As you  sway backwards  to lie on the
floor, I trace patterns in the fluid running down your cheek. You
grasp my hand, stroke my finger with your tongue, and then gently
draw my finger into your mouth.  Before this can go much further,
I withdraw, and playfully nudge your shoulder.
 `Come on, there's a more private place down the road from here.'
your arm snakes around my waist and you drag me closer, down next
to you.  You breathe a heartfelt sigh, and murmur,
 `Kelanie,  if we don't do it in the next ten minutes,  I'm gonna
explode.'
 It's just past one a.m.,  and  we are at the tram-stop,  waiting
for what passes for light rail in Adelaide.
 `Yes,  we could have  taken my father's car,  but  my feet don't
reach the pedals,  and you are pissed.'  I explain. `Anyway, here
comes the tram.'  Yes,  it was old ninety-seven, the only tram in
Adelaide  (and possibly  the only tram in the world)  run by  the
undead.  The driver's skull, covered with thin tatters of rotting
flesh,  peers out  over the large round light on the front of the
tram.   I could just see glinting,  metallic  green lights in his
eye-sockets.   We climb on board,  and  have no trouble finding a
seat,  as  the only other passengers  are strung up by their feet
from the hand-straps, concerned with  decomposing.  The conductor
would ordinarily have been by to collect our fares,  but he seems
to have  rotted away completely...  there is  nothing left of him
but  a pile of mouldering slime  with bare white bones poking out
at odd angles.  You  glance  about  in  mild surprise,  and  say,
 `I had always heard that Adelaide was dead on weekends...'
 The tram passes  some residential areas,  with  crowds of people
happily   engaged   in   burning   suspected  witches  (or  other
malcontents)  at the stake.   At the shopping centre,  there  are
five blackened figures  tied to a large lamp-post,  blazing  away
above  a stack of tyres.   A maypole-chain of little children are
dancing   around   the  fire  at  a  safe  distance,  singing  in
beautifully clear soprano:
 `Amor est magis
  cognituus quam cognito...'
 A line of monks trail past, murmuring:
 `Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam...'
 The tram is now  out of  the residential area and into the light
industrial zone.   We pass  a number of factories;  dark, satanic
mills which belch smoke in a truly Dickensian fashion,  before we
come to a slight hill, where the tram slows down.
 `We'll have to jump off here, Mark, 'cos the tram doesn't stop,'
I caution  you,  `so get ready.'   As  we jump to  the ground,  I
imagine  that  I hear  the conductor mutter  the  mystical  word,
 `Minadoor'.
 We run from  shadow to shadow down the darkened street, giggling
like six-year-olds,  and  you catch up to me,  grab my  hands and
hold them outstretched  (this isn't fair  -  your arms are longer
than mine!),  pinioning me against a cyclone netting fence.  Your
lips  seek out mine,  and  they make contact again.   You hold me
there  for almost  a minute,  only pausing  to catch your breath,
which gives me an opportunity to gasp,
 `We're here, Mark.'  You look around, and smile.
 `You want to do it in the street?  That's more private?'  I jerk
my thumb towards the factory behind me.
 `Barnstable's Mattress Factory.'   I extract  one hand from your
grasp and fish a small pair of wire-cutters from my purse-pouch.
 I lead you around the fence  until we reach the point closest to
the warehouse.   We hide behind a tree  until  the security robot
stamps past  (it's  sort of like ED-209 with teeth),  and  then I
snip a small hole in the fence, near the ground.
 `That won't be detected  until  the maintenance crew inspect it,
which happens once a week.   Like, next Thursday.'  I get down on
my hands and knees, drop to my belly and wiggle through. Standing
on  the other  side,  our fingers  touching  through the mesh,  I
whisper, `Come on.'
 `You've done this before, haven't you?'
 `I lived  in this warehouse  for  two months,  after Raf's squat
burned  down...  come on,  the  guard  will  be  back  in  eighty
seconds!'   You crawl through the narrow gap,  and follow me over
to a  fire-escape at the side of the building.  You  follow me up
the rusty ladder,  and when  I pause  at the top to make sure the
coast is clear,  you climb further  until you can rest your cheek
on my thigh, with an arm wrapped tightly around my legs.
 `Mark... I'll  warn you once:  if you bite my bum out here,  you
will sincerely regret it.  Come on, there's a gap in the skylight
up here in the corner.'
 You trace a  frivolous  skull-and-crossbones pattern in the dust
and grime that coats the glass paneling, and then we wipe it away
and peer through.
 `I can't see  anything  down  there...  are you  sure?'  I smile
sweetly back at you, and work the loose panel open.
 `No.' then I step through the gap and drop in.
 `KELY!' you shout. There is a soft thump, far below.
 `Shhhh!  Come on,  you're right above it,  just step through the
skylight,  and try to  land on  your bum.'   It is a testimony to
your trust in me that  you do so with only a moment's hesitation,
and  you  land  on  the  top  of  a  fifteen-foot  tall  stack of
mattresses, next to me.
 `Whoah!'
 `Yes, isn't it?  We all used to sleep up here - Mark, stop that,
we'll  fall  off - Mark,  I'm  not  kidding;  it's  very - mmmmff
wwffwf-'  and,  once again,  I am  impressed  by  your  skill  in
silencing me by  the  most direct method  available.   While your
kiss  presses me back  into the  mattresses,  your hands  slip up
under my windcheater to cup my breasts.  I can feel your erection
pushing against my thigh,  and so  I return the gesture, bringing
my knee  up between  your legs,  while  my hands  claw  your back
involuntarily.   As you tweak my nipples  (again, there is little
margin between  pleasure and pain),  I  feel  your hands begin to
move hesitantly,  and as you wriggle your hips, I understand your
dilemma, and giggle,
 `You'll have to let go of me to get your pants off!'  and  so we
release each other,  and while still joined in what is proving to
be one of the most erotically stimulating kisses that I have ever
been involved in,  you  fumble with  the  brass stud on my jeans,
taking the time  to  trace  a smiling face  in  the tingling area
around my belly button with your index finger.  I use one foot to
lever off my sneakers,  and in doing so,  apply pressure (with my
knee)  to  your erection,  which  grows  impressively.  You moan,
 `Oh Kel,  stop that,  I'm going to come in my pants!' You hug me
tightly,  and  I throw my head back,  gasping,  as  you sink your
teeth  into my throat.   With my jeans somewhere around my knees,
you  claw  frantically  at  my  panties,  and  then  you  slowly,
teasingly,  insinuate your  middle finger  into my slick wetness,
your palm flat against my pubis.   You take both my hands in your
free hand, holding them above my head, teasing my collarbone with
your tongue,  slowly  forcing my legs as far apart as the tangled
jeans  (which are  now around my ankles)  will allow,  with  your
knees.  I can hardly move as you slip two,  three,  and then four
fingers into me, stroking the outer lips; as you slowly propel me
towards  the focal point  of ecstasy,  my  gasps  become  hoarse,
gutteral cries  which  you smother with another deep kiss.   I am
almost there when you withdraw your hand, and being left hovering
on the edge  is  exquisite  pain,  which  you  can  sense  in  my
trembling body.   You trace  tear-tracks  from  the corners of my
eyes,  down my cheeks,  with a finger,  fragrant  with my fluids.
 Just you wait, Mark, I think.
 Before I can  give vent to  a  scream of frustration,  you bring
your erection  towards me,  gently  inserting  the head,  teasing
again,  and then (finally!) you slide in to me.   We both shudder
in unadulterated pleasure as you bury yourself in me to the hilt,
giving a  playful twitch of your hips  towards  the  end  of  the
stroke.   We lie there,  intermeshed,  as close together as it is
possible to be... I caress your shaft with tiny contractions, and
you stir within me  with  a pulsing movement  that  makes me draw
short  ecstatic breaths  through gritted teeth.  I manage to kick
my jeans off completely, and you begin to withdraw, only slightly
impeded  by  my legs  wrapped tightly  around your waist.   For a
moment,  I am suspended there,  while you kneel with me clutching
desperately to  stay with you...  but  gravity defeats  me  and I
slowly slide down your shaft,  gradually  coming to rest with the
swollen head of your penis clasped in me.   You pause there,  and
with my mouth, I can feel a smile on yours as you wait.
 `Mark...  stop teasing!'   I have to  punch you  on the shoulder
before  you  begin  the  next  stroke,  sliding in  with a smooth
mechanical motion, with that twitch of the hips at the end of the
path that makes me want to cry out.  You withdraw,  and your next
stroke  is  even  slower  than  the  previous.   I can  feel  the
trembling of  an orgasm  building,  like the  intimations  of  an
earthquake  that   only  the  most   esoterically  sensitive  can
perceive.   You begin a slow,  steady rhythm,  lifting me off the
mattress with each withdrawal,  forcing  a gasp from me with each
insertion.   I begin to add to the sensation by squeezing down on
you as you slide out;  I can  tell that it affects you,  as  your
timing becomes  more erratic as  you approach orgasm.    I feel a
rush of warmth  below my belly,  which  shoots  up my middle  and
knocks  my breath from me.   I throw my head back as you shudder,
plunging in as far as you can, my legs squeezing your hips as you
come.   As you lie there with your erection pulsing within me,  I
feel as if  I am balanced on the edge of  a very tall building...
you give a final thrust and  push me over the edge,  and I scream
in pleasure as I follow you into orgasm.
 The sound echoes around the empty warehouse,  gradually dampened
by the mattresses...  and then,  we  hear  the  pneumatic hiss of
pistons outside, as the robot guard approaches.  We both gasp and
fall silent,  not daring even to move.   The corrugated iron door
rolls up with a clatter,  and  bright  white light spills in from
the  end  of  the   warehouse.   Perched  up  on  this  stack  of
mattresses,  I  don't think we can be seen...   the hiss,  clank,
hiss,  clank sound approaches... and then, I feel an after-orgasm
building in me.  I whimper,  and you force your lips over mine in
desperation,  holding me very still.   The machine is standing at
the end of the stack of mattresses... its search-lights play over
the roof,  just  missing the open skylight where we entered.   My
legs  contract sharply around you  as I come again,  only  barely
managing  to subliminate  my squeal  into  a  high-pitched `mmnn'
sound.   For a terrible moment,  I  think  that  the  machine has
sensed the sound of  the mattresses  creaking as I came; then, it
turns and stamps off.  We wait until it has shut the roller-doors
again before we dare to breathe once more.
 We lie there,  utterly exhausted,  breathing  into  each other's
ears,  still  intertwined.   You  give a short chuckle of relief.
 `That was very close, very close indeed, Miss Camden.'
 `Oh, Mark... tomorrow night...'
 `Yes?'
 `There's this American Military Base not far from here - '
 `Kelanie!'
 :-)
--------------------------------------------------------------------
This file is Copyright (c) Nikolai Kingsley, 1995.   Unlimited
electronic reproduction and one hard-copy per user is permitted, for
non-profit use, providing that this notice is left intact.
hail eris - Fnord - all hail discordia - 93 - oops, that's my banana
--------------------------------------------------------------------
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
           (313)558-5024 {14.4} (313)558-5517
              A BBS for text file junkies
              RPGNet GM File Archive Site
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
            The Adventure of the Mazarin Stone
  It was pleasant to Dr. Watson to find himself once more in the
untidy room of the first floor in Baker Street which had been the
starting-point of so many remarkable adventures. He looked
round him at the scientific charts upon the wall, the acid-charred
bench of chemicals, the violin-case leaning in the corner, the
coal-scuttle, which contained of old the pipes and tobacco. Fi-
nally, his eyes came round to the fresh and smiling face of Billy,
the young but very wise and tactful page, who had helped a little
to fill up the gap of loneliness and isolation which surrounded
the saturnine figure of the great detective.
  "It all seems very unchanged, Billy. You don't change, ei-
ther. I hope the same can be said of him?"
  Billy glanced with some solicitude at the closed door of the
bedroom.
  "I think he's in bed and asleep," he said.
  It was seven in the evening of a lovely summer's day, but Dr.
Watson was sufficiently familiar with the irregularity of his old
friend's hours to feel no surprise at the idea.
  "That means a case, I suppose?"
  "Yes, sir, he is very hard at it just now. I'm frightened for his
health. He gets paler and thinner, and he eats nothing. 'When
will you be pleased to dine, Mr. Holmes?' Mrs. Hudson asked.
'Seven-thirty, the day after to-morrow,' said he. You know his
way when he is keen on a case."
  "Yes, Billy, I know."
  "He's following someone. Yesterday he was out as a work-
man looking for a job. To-day he was an old woman. Fairly took
me in, he did, and I ought to know his ways by now." Billy
pointed with a grin to a very baggy parasol which leaned against
the sofa. "That's part of the old woman's outfit," he said.
  "But what is it all about, Billy?"
  Billy sank his voice, as one who discusses great secrets of
State. "I don't mind telling you, sir, but it should go no farther.
It's this case of the Crown diamond."
  "What -- the hundred-thousand-pound burglary?"
  "Yes, sir. They must get it back, sir. Why, we had the Prime
Minister and the Home Secretary both sitting on that very sofa.
Mr. Holmes was very nice to them. He soon put them at their
ease and promised he would do all he could. Then there is Lord
Cantlemere --"
  "Ah!"
  "Yes, sir, you know what that means. He's a stiff'un, sir, if I
may say so. I can get along with the Prime Minister, and I've
nothing against the Home Secretary, who seemed a civil, oblig-
ing sort of man, but I can't stand his Lordship. Neither can Mr.
Holmes, sir. You see, he don't believe in Mr. Holmes and he
was against employing him. He'd rather he failed."
  "And Mr. Holmes knows it?"
  "Mr. Holmes always knows whatever there is to know."
  "Well, we'll hope he won't fail and that Lord Cantlemere will
be confounded. But I say, Billy, what is that curtain for across
the window?"
  "Mr. Holmes had it put up there three days ago. We've got
something funny behind it."
  Billy advanced and drew away the drapery which screened the
alcove of the bow window.
  Dr. Watson could not restrain a cry of amazement. There was a
facsimile of his old friend, dressing-gown and all, the face
turned three-quarters towards the window and downward, as
though reading an invisible book, while the body was sunk deep
in an armchair. Billy detached the head and held it in the air.
  "We put it at different angles, so that it may seem more
lifelike. I wouldn't dare touch it if the blind were not down. But
when it's up you can see this from across the way."
  "We used something of the sort once before."
  "Before my time," said Billy. He drew the window curtains
apart and looked out into the street. "There are folk who watch
us from over yonder. I can see a fellow now at the window.
Have a look for yourself."
  Watson had taken a step forward when the bedroom door
opened, and the long, thin form of Holmes emerged, his face pale
and drawn, but his step and bearing as active as ever. With a
single spring he was at the window, and had drawn the blind
once more.
  "That will do, Billy," said he. "You were in danger of your
life then, my boy, and I can't do without you just yet. Well,
Watson, it is good to see you in your old quarters once again.
You come at a critical moment."
  "So I gather."
  "You can go, Billy. That boy is a problem, Watson. How far
am I justified in allowing him to be in danger?"
  "Danger of what, Holmes?"
  "Of sudden death. I'm expecting something this evening."
  "Expecting what?"
  "To be murdered, Watson."
  "No, no, you are joking, Holmes!"
  "Even my limited sense of humour could evolve a better joke
than that. But we may be comfortable in the meantime, may we
not? Is alcohol permitted? The gasogene and cigars are in the old
place. Let me see you once more in the customary armchair.
You have not, I hope, learned to despise my pipe and my
lamentable tobacco? It has to take the place of food these days."
  "But why not eat?"
  "Because the faculties become refined when you starve them.
Why, surely, as a doctor, my dear Watson, you must admit that
what your digestion gains in the way of blood supply is so much
lost to the brain. I am a brain, Watson. The rest of me is a mere
appendix. Therefore, it is the brain I must consider."
  "But this danger, Holmes?"
  "Ah. yes, in case it should come off, it would perhaps be as
well that you should burden your memory with the name and
address of the murderer. You can give it to Scotland Yard, with
my love and a parting blessing. Sylvius is the name -- Count
Negretto Sylvius. Write it down, man, write it down! 136 Moorside
Gardens, N. W. Got it?"
  Watson's honest face was twitching with anxiety. He knew
only too well the immense risks taken by Holmes and was well
aware that what he said was more likely to be under-statement
than exaggeration. Watson was always the man of action, and he
rose to the occasion.
  "Count me in, Holmes. I have nothing to do for a day or
two."
  "Your morals don't improve, Watson. You have added fib-
bing to your other vices. You bear every sign of the busy
medical man, with calls on him every hour."
  "Not such important ones. But can't you have this fellow
arrested?"
  "Yes, Watson, I could. That's what worries him so."
  "But why don't you?"
  "Because I don't know where the diamond is."
  "Ah! Billy told me -- the missing Crown jewel!"
  "Yes, the great yellow Mazarin stone. I've cast my net and I
have my fish. But I have not got the stone. What is the use of
taking them? We can make the world a better place by laying
them by the heels. But that is not what I am out for. It's the
stone I want."
  "And is this Count Sylvius one of your fish?"
  "Yes, and he's a shark. He bites. The other is Sam Merton
the boxer. Not a bad fellow, Sam, but the Count has used him.
Sam's not a shark. He is a great big silly bull-headed gudgeon.
But he is flopping about in my net all the same."
  "Where is this Count Sylvius?"
  "I've been at his very elbow all the morning. You've seen me
as an old lady, Watson. I was never more convincing. He
actually picked up my parasol for me once. 'By your leave,
madame,' said he -- half-ltalian, you know, and with the South-
ern graces of manner when in the mood, but a devil incarnate in
the other mood. Life is full of whimsical happenings, Watson."
  "It might have been tragedy."
  "Well, perhaps it might. I followed him to old Straubenzee's
workshop in the Minories. Straubenzee made the air-gun -- a very
pretty bit of work, as I understand, and I rather fancy it is in the
opposite window at the present moment. Have you seen the
dummy? Of course, Billy showed it to you. Well, it may get a
bullet through its beautiful head at any moment. Ah, Billy, what
is it?"
  The boy had reappeared in the room with a card upon a tray.
Holmes glanced at it with raised eyebrows and an amused smile.
  "The man himself. I had hardly expected this. Grasp the
nettle, Watson! A man of nerve. Possibly you have heard of his
reputation as a shooter of big game. It would indeed be a
triumphant ending to his excellent sporting record if he added me
to his bag. This is a proof that he feels my toe very close behind
his heel."
  "Send for the police."
  "I probably shall. But not just yet. Would you glance care-
fully out of the window, Watson, and see if anyone is hanging
about in the street?"
  Watson looked warily round the edge of the curtain.
  "Yes, there is one rough fellow near the door."
  "That will be Sam Merton -- the faithful but rather fatuous
Sam. Where is this gentleman, Billy?"
  "In the waiting-room, sir."
  "Show him up when I ring."
  "Yes,sir."
  "If I am not in the room, show him in all the same."
  "Yes, sir."
  Watson waited until the door was closed, and then he turned
earnestly to his companion.
  "Look here, Holmes, this is simply impossible. This is a
desperate man, who sticks at nothing. He may have come to
murder you."
  "I should not be surprised."
  "I insist upon staying with you."
  "You would be horribly in the way."
  "In his way?"
  "No, my dear fellow -- in my way."
  "Well, I can't possibly leave you."
  "Yes, you can, Watson. And you will, for you have never failed
to play the game. I am sure you will play it to the end. This man
has come for his own purpose, but he may stay for mine."
  Holmes took out his notebook and scribbled a few lines. "Take a
cab to Scotland Yard and give this to Youghal of the C. I. D.
Come back with the police. The fellow's arrest will follow."
  "I'll do that with joy.
  "Before you return I may have just time enough to find out
where the stone is." He touched the bell. "I think we will go out
through the bedroom. This second exit is exceedingly useful. I
rather want to see my shark without his seeing me, and I have,
as you will remember, my own way of doing it."
  It was, therefore, an empty room into which Billy, a minute
later, ushered Count Sylvius. The famous game-shot, sportsman,
and man-about-town was a big, swarthy fellow, with a formida-
ble dark moustache shading a cruel, thin-lipped mouth, and
surmounted by a long, curved nose like the beak of an eagle. He
was well dressed, but his brilliant necktie, shining pin, and
glittering rings were flamboyant in their effect. As the door
closed behind him he looked round him with fierce, startled
eyes, like one who suspects a trap at every turn. Then he gave a
violent start as he saw the impassive head and the collar of the
dressing-gown which projected above the armchair in the win-
dow. At first his expression was one of pure amazement. Then
the light of a horrible hope gleamed in his dark, murderous eyes.
He took one more glance round to see that there were no
witnesses, and then, on tiptoe, his thick stick half raised, he
approached the silent figure. He was crouching for his final
spring and blow when a cool, sardonic voice greeted him from
the open bedroom door:
  "Don't break it, Count! Don't break it!"
  The assassin staggered back, amazement in his convulsed
face. For an instant he half raised his loaded cane once more, as
if he would turn his violence from the effigy to the original; but
there was something in that steady gray eye and mocking smile
which caused his hand to sink to his side.
  "It's a pretty little thing," said Holmes, advancing towards
the image. "Tavernier, the French modeller, made it. He is as
good at waxworks as your friend Straubenzee is at air-guns."
  "Air-guns, sir! What do you mean?"
  "Put your hat and stick on the side-table. Thank you! Pray
take a seat. Would you care to put your revolver out also? Oh,
very good, if you prefer to sit upon it. Your visit is really most
opportune, for I wanted badly to have a few minutes' chat with
you. "
  The Count scowled, with heavy, threatening eyebrows.
  "I, too, wished to have some words with you, Holmes. That
is why I am here. I won't deny that I intended to assault you just
now."
  Holmes swung his leg on the edge of the table.
  "I rather gathered that you had some idea of the sort in your
head," said he. "But why these personal attentions?"
  "Because you have gone out of your way to annoy me.
Because you have put your creatures upon my track."
  "My creatures! I assure you no!"
  "Nonsense! I have had them followed. Two can play at that
game, Holmes."
  "It is a small point, Count Sylvius, but perhaps you would
kindly give me my prefix when you address me. You can
understand that, with my routine of work, I should find myself
on familiar terms with half the rogues' gallery, and you will
agree that exceptions are invidious."
  "Well, Mr. Holmes, then."
  "Excellent! But I assure you you are mistaken about my
alleged agents."
  Count Sylvius laughed contemptuously.
  "Other people can observe as well as you. Yesterday there
was an old sporting man. To-day it was an elderly woman. They
held me in view all day."
  "Really, sir, you compliment me. Old Baron Dowson said the
night before he was hanged that in my case what the law had
gained the stage had lost. And now you give my little impersona-
tions your kindly praise?"
  "It was you -- you yourself?"
  Holmes shrugged his shoulders. "You can see in the corner
the parasol which you so politely handed to me in the Minories
before you began to suspect."
  "If I had known, you might never --"
  "Have seen this humble home again. I was well aware of it.
We all have neglected opportunities to deplore. As it happens,
you did not know, so here we are!"
  The Count's knotted brows gathered more heavily over his
menacing eyes. "What you say only makes the matter worse. It
was not your agents but your play-acting, busybody self! You
admit that you have dogged me. Why?"
  "Come now, Count. You used to shoot lions in Algeria."
  "Well?"
  "But why?"
  "Why? The sport -- the excitement -- the danger!"
  "And, no doubt, to free the country from a pest?"
  "Exactly!"
  "My reasons in a nutshell!"
  The Count sprang to his feet, and his hand involuntarily
moved back to his hip-pocket.              
  "Sit down, sir, sit down! There was another, more practical,
reason. I want that yellow diamond!"
  Count Sylvius lay back in his chair with an evil smile.
  "Upon my word!" said he.
  "You knew that I was after you for that. The real reason why
you are here to-night is to find out how much I know about the
matter and how far my removal is absolutely essential. Well, I
should say that, from your point of view, it is absolutely essen-
tial, for I know all about it, save only one thing, which you are
about to tell me."
  "Oh, indeed! And pray, what is this missing fact?"
  "Where the Crown diamond now is."
  The Count looked sharply at his companion. "Oh, you want
to know that, do you? How the devil should I be able to lell you
where it is?"
  "You can, and you will."
  "Indeed!"
  "You can't bluff me, Count Sylvius." Holmes's eyes, as he
gazed at him, contracted and lightened until they were like two
menacing points of steel. "You are absolute plate-glass. I see to
the very back of your mind."
  "Then, of course, you see where the diamond is!" 
  Holmes clapped his hands with amusement, and then pointed a
derisive finger. "Then you do know. You have admitted it!"
  "I admit nothing."
  "Now, Count, if you will be reasonable we can do business.
If not, you will get hurt."
  Count Sylvius threw up his eyes to the ceiling. "And you talk
about bluff!" said he.
  Holmes looked at him thoughtfully like a master chess-player
who meditates his crowning move. Then he threw open the table
drawer and drew out a squat notebook.
  "Do you know what I keep in this book?"
  "No, sir, I do not!"
  "You!"
  "Me!"                         
  "Yes, sir, you! You are all here -- every action of yor vile
and dangerous life."
  "Damn you, Holmes!" cried the Count with blazing eyes.
"There are limits to my patience!"
  "It's all here, Count. The real facts as to the death of old Mrs.
Harold, who left you the Blymer estate, which you so rapidly
gambled away."
  "You are dreaming!"
  "And the complete life history of Miss Minnie Warrender."
  "Tut! You will make nothing of that!"
  "Plenty more here, Count. Here is the robbery in the train
de-luxe to the Riviera on February 13, 1892. Here is the forged
check in the same year on the Credit Lyonnais."
  "No, you're wrong there."
  "Then I am right on the others! Now, Count, you are a
card-player. When the other fellow has all the trumps, it saves
time to throw down your hand."
  "What has all this talk to do with the jewel of which you
spoke?"
  "Gently, Count. Restrain that eager mind! Let me get to the
points in my own humdrum fashion. I have all this against you;
but, above all, I have a clear case against both you and your
fighting bully in the case of the Crown diamond."
  "Indeed!"
  "I have the cabman who took you to Whitehall and the
cabman who brought you away. I have the commissionaire who
saw you near the case. I have Ikey Sanders, who refused to cut it
up for you. Ikey has peached, and the game is up."
  The veins stood out on the Count's forehead. His dark, hairy
hands were clenched in a convulsion of restrained emotion. He
tried to speak, but the words would not shape themselves.
  "That's the hand I play from," said Holmes. "I put it all
upon the table. But one card is missing. It's the king of dia-
monds. I don't know where the stone is."
  "You never shall know."
  "No? Now, be reasonable, Count. Consider the situation. You
are going to be locked up for twenty years. So is Sam Merton.
What good are you going to get out of your diamond? None in
the world. But if you hand it over -- well, I'll compound a
felony. We don't want you or Sam. We want the stone. Give
that up, and so far as I am concerned you can go free so long as
you behave yourself in the future. If you make another slip
well, it will be the last. But this time my commission is to get
the stone, not you."
  "But if I refuse?"
  "Why, then -- alas! -- it must be you and not the stone."
  Billy had appeared in answer to a ring.
  "I think, Count, that it would be as well to have your friend
Sam at this conference. After all, his interests should be repre-
sented. Billy, you will see a large and ugly gentleman outside
the front door. Ask him to come up."
  "If he won't come, sir?"
  "No violence, Billy. Don't be rough with him. If you tell him
that Count Sylvius wants him he will certainly come."
  "What are you going to do now?" asked the Count as Billy
disappeared.
  "My friend Watson was with me just now. I told him that I
had a shark and a gudgeon in my net; now I am drawing the net
and up they come together."
  The Count had risen from his chair, and his hand was behind
his back. Holmes held something half protruding from the pocket
of his dressing-gown.
  "You won't die in your bed, Holmes."
  "I have often had the same idea. Does it matter very much?
Aher all, Count, your own exit is more likely to be perpendicular
than horizontal. But these anticipations of the future are morbid.
Why not give ourselves up to the unrestrained enjoyment of the
present?"
  A sudden wild-beast light sprang up in the dark, menacing
eyes of the master criminal. Holmes's figure seemed to grow
taller as he grew tense and ready.
  "It is no use your fingering your revolver, my friend," he
said in a quiet voice. "You know perfectly well that you dare
not use it, even if I gave you time to draw it. Nasty, noisy
things, revolvers, Count. Better stick to air-guns. Ah! I think I
hear the fairy footstep of your estimable partner. Good day, Mr.
Merton. Rather dull in the street, is it not?"
  The prize-fighter, a heavily built young man with a stupid,
obstinate, slab-sided face, stood awkwardly at the door, looking
about him with a puzzled expression. Holmes's debonair manner
was a new experience, and though he vaguely felt that it was
hostile, he did not know how to counter it. He turned to his more
astute comrade for help.
  "What's the game now, Count? What's this fellow want?
What's up?" His voice was deep and raucous.
  The Count shrugged his shoulders, and it was Holmes who
answered.
  "If I may put it in a nutshell, Mr. Merton, I should say it was
all up."
  The boxer still addressed his remarks to his associate.
  "Is this cove trying to be funny, or what? I'm not in the funny
mood myself."
  "No, I expect not," said Holmes. "I think I can promise you
that you will feel even less humorous as the evening advances.
Now, look here, Count Sylvius. I'm a busy man and I can't
waste time. I'm going into that bedroom. Pray make yourselves
quite at home in my absence. You can explain to your friend
how the matter lies without the restraint of my presence. I shall
try over the Hoffman 'Barcarole' upon my violin. In five min-
utes I shall return for your final answer. You quite grasp the
alternative, do you not? Shall we take you, or shall we have the
stone?"
  Holmes withdrew, picking up his violin from the corner as he
passed. A few moments later the long-drawn, wailing notes of
that most haunting of tunes came faintly through the closed door
of the bedroom.
  "What is it, then?" asked Merton anxiously as his companion
turned to him. "Does he know about the stone?"
  "He knows a damned sight too much about it. I'm not sure
that he doesn't know all about it."
  "Good Lord!" The boxer's sallow face turned a shade whiter.
  "Ikey Sanders has split on us."
  "He has, has he? I'll do him down a thick 'un for that if I
swing for it."
  "That won't help us much. We've got to make up our minds
what to do."
  "Half a mo'," said the boxer, looking suspiciously at the
bedroom door. "He's a leary cove that wants watching. I sup-
pose he's not listening?"
  "How can he be listening with that music going?"
  "That's right. Maybe somebody's behind a curtain. Too many
curtains in this room." As he looked round he suddenly saw for
the first time the effigy in the window, and stood staring and
pointing, too amazed for words.
  "Tut! it's only a dummy," said the Count.
  "A fake, is it? Well, strike me! Madame Tussaud ain't in it.
It's the living spit of him, gown and all. But them curtains
Count!"
  "Oh, confound the curtains! We are wasting our time, and
there is none too much. He can lag us over this stone."
  "The deuce he can!"
  "But he'll let us slip if we only tell him where the swag is."
  "What! Give it up? Give up a hundred thousand quid?"
  "It's one or the other."
  Merton scratched his short-cropped pate.
  "He's alone in there. Let's do him in. If his light were out we
should have nothing to fear."
  The Count shook his head.
  "He is armed and ready. If we shot him we could hardly get
away in a place like this. Besides, it's likely enough that the
police know whatever evidence he has got. Hallo! What was
that?"
  There was a vague sound which seemed to come from the
window. Both men sprang round, but all was quiet. Save for the
one strange figure seated in the chair, the room was certainly
empty.
  "Something in the street," said Merton. "Now look here,
guv'nor, you've got the brains. Surely you can think a way out
of it. If slugging is no use then it's up to you."
  "I've fooled better men than he," the Count answered. "The
stone is here in my secret pocket. I take no chances leaving it
about. It can be out of England to-night and cut into four pieces
in Amsterdam before Sunday. He knows nothing of Van Seddar."
  "I thought Van Seddar was going next week."
  "He was. But now he must get off by the next boat. One or
other of us must slip round with the stone to Lime Street and tell
him."
  "But the false bottom ain't ready."
  "Well, he must take it as it is and chance it. There's not a
moment to lose." Again, with the sense of danger which be-
comes an instinct with the sportsman, he paused and looked hard
at the window. Yes, it was surely from the street that the faint
sound had come.
  "As to Holmes," he continued, "we can fool him easily
enough. You see, the damned fool won't arrest us if he can get
the stone. Well, we'll promise him the stone. We'll put him on
the wrong track about it, and before he finds that it is the wrong
track it will be in Holland and we out of the country."
  "That sounds good to me!" cried Sam Merton with a grin.
  "You go on and tell the Dutchman to get a move on him. I'll
see this sucker and fill him up with a bogus confession. I'll tell
him that the stone is in Liverpool. Confound that whining music;
it gets on my nerves! By the time he finds it isn't in Liverpool it
will be in quarters and we on the blue water. Come back here,
out of a line with that keyhole. Here is the stone."
  "I wonder you dare carry it."
  "Where could I have it safer? If we could take it out of
Whitehall someone else could surely take it out of my lodgings."
  "Let's have a look at it."
  Count Sylvius cast a somewhat unflattering glance at his
associate and disregarded the unwashed hand which was ex-
tended towards him.
  "What -- d'ye think I'm going to snatch it off you? See here,
mister, I'm getting a bit tired of your ways."
  "Well, well, no offence, Sam. We can't afford to quarrel.
Come over to the window if you want to see the beauty properly.
Now hold it to the light! Here!"
  "Thank you!"
  With a single spring Holmes had leaped from the dummy's
chair and had grasped the precious jewel. He held it now in one
hand, while his other pointed a revolver at the Count's head. The
two villains staggered back in utter amazement. Before they had
recovered Holmes had pressed the electric bell.
  "No violence, gentlemen -- no violence, I beg of you! Con-
sider the furniture! It must be very clear to you that your position
is an impossible one. The police are waiting below."
  The Count's bewilderment overmastered his rage and fear.
  "But how the deuce --?" he gasped.
  "Your surprise is very natural. You are not aware that a
second door from my bedroom leads behind that curtain. I
fancied that you must have heard me when I displaced the figure,
but luck was on my side. It gave me a chance of listening to your
racy conversation which would have been painfully constrained
had you been aware of my presence."
  The Count gave a gesture of resignation.
  "We give you best, Holmes. I believe you are the devil
himself."
  "Not far from him, at any rate," Holmes answered with a
polite smile.
  Sam Merton's slow intellect had only gradually appreciated
the situation. Now, as the sound of heavy steps came from the
stairs outside, he broke silence at last.
  "A fair cop!" said he. "But, I say, what about that bloomin'
fiddle! I hear it yet."
  "Tut, tut!" Holmes answered. "You are perfectly right. Let it
play! These modern gramophones are a remarkable invention."
  There was an inrush of police, the handcuffs clicked and the
criminals were led to the waiting cab. Watson lingered with
Holmes, congratulating him upon this fresh leaf added to his
laurels. Once more their conversation was interrupted by the
imperturbable Billy with his card-tray.
  "Lord Cantlemere sir."
  "Show him up, Biily. This is the eminent peer who represents
the very highest interests," said Holmes. "He is an excellent
and loyal person, but rather of the old regime. Shall we make
him unbend? Dare we venture upon a slight liberty? He knows,
we may conjecture, nothing of what has occurred."
  The door opened to admit a thin, austere figure with a hatchet
face and drooping mid-Victorian whiskers of a glossy blackness
which hardly corresponded with the rounded shoulders and fee-
ble gait. Holmes advanced affably, and shook an unresponsive
hand.
  "How do you do, Lord Cantlemere? It is chilly for the time of
year, but rather warm indoors. May I take your overcoat?"
  "No, I thank you; I will not take it off."
  Holmes laid his hand insistently upon the sleeve.
  "Pray allow me! My friend Dr. Watson would assure you that
these changes of temperature are most insidious."
  His Lordship shook himself free with some impatience.
  "I am quite comfortable, sir. I have no need to stay. I have
simply looked in to know how your self-appointed task was
progressing."
  "It is difficult -- very difficult."
  "I feared that you would find it so."
  There was a distinct sneer in the old courtier's words and
manner.
  "Every man finds his limitations, Mr. Holmes, but at least it
cures us of the weakness of self-satisfaction."
  "Yes, sir, I have been much perplexed."
  "No doubt."
  "Especially upon one point. Possibly you could help me upon
  "You apply for my advice rather late in the day. I thought that
you had your own all-sufficient methods. Still, I am ready to
help you."
