that the lady was not at home. "Then we shall wait until she is,"
said Holmes cheerfully.
  The machine broke down.
  "Not at home means not at home to you," said the footman.
  "Good," Holmes answered. "That means that we shall not
have to wait. Kindly give this note to your mistress."
  He scribbled three or four words upon a sheet of his notebook,
folded it, and handed it to the man.
  "What did you say, Holmes?" I asked.
  "I simply wrote: 'Shall it be the police, then?' I think that
should pass us in."
  It did -- with amazing celerity. A minute later we were in an
Arabian Nights drawing-room, vast and wonderful, in a half
gloom, picked out with an occasional pink electric light. The
lady had come, I felt, to that time of life when even the proudest
beauty finds the half light more welcome. She rose from a settee
as we entered: tall, queenly, a perfect figure, a lovely mask-like
face, with two wonderful Spanish eyes which looked murder at
us both.
  "What is this intrusion -- and this insulting message?" she
asked, holding up the slip of paper.
  "I need not explain, madame. I have too much respect for
your intelligence to do so -- though I confess that intelligence has
been surprisingly at fault of late."
  "How so, sir?"
  "By supposing that your hired bullies could frighten me from
my work. Surely no man would take up my profession if it were
not that danger attracts him. It was you, then, who forced me to
examine the case of young Maberley."
  "I have no idea what you are talking about. What have I to do
with hired bullies?"
  Holmes turned away wearily.
  "Yes, I have underrated your intelligence. Well, good-after-
noon!"
  "Stop! Where are you going?"
  "To Scotland Yard."
  We had not got halfway to the door before she had overtaken
us and was holding his arm. She had turned in a moment from
steel to velvet.
  "Come and sit down, gentlemen. Let us talk this matter over.
I feel that I may be frank with you, Mr. Holmes. You have the
feelings of a gentleman. How quick a woman's instinct is to find
it out. I will treat you as a friend."
  "I cannot promise to reciprocate, madame. I am not the law,
but I represent justice so far as my feeble powers go. I am ready
to listen, and then I will tell you how I will act."
  "No doubt it was foolish of me to threaten a brave man like
yourself."
  "What was really foolish, madame, is that you have placed
yourself in the power of a band of rascals who may blackmail or
give you away."
  "No, no! I am not so simple. Since I have promised to be
frank, I may say that no one, save Barney Stockdale and Susan,
his wife, have the least idea who their employer is. As to them,
well, it is not the first --" She smiled and nodded with a
charming coquettish intimacy.
  "l see. You've tested them before."
  "They are good hounds who run silent."
  "Such hounds have a way sooner or later of biting the hand
that feeds them. They will be arrested for this burglary. The
police are already after them."
  "They will take what comes to them. That is what they are
paid for. I shall not appear in the matter."
  "Unless I bring you into it."
  "No, no, you would not. You are a gentleman. It is a wom-
an's secret."
  "In the first place, you must give back this manuscript."
  She broke into a ripple of laughter and walked to the fireplace.
There was a calcined mass which she broke up with the poker.
"Shall I give this back?" she asked. So roguish and exquisite
did she look as she stood before us with a challenging smile that
I felt of all Holmes's criminals this was the one whom he would
find it hardest to face. However, he was immune from sentiment.
  "That seals your fate," he said coldly. "You are very prompt
in your actions, madame, but you have overdone it on this
occasion."
  She threw the poker down with a clatter.
  "How hard you are!" she cried. "May I tell you the whole
story?"
  "I fancy I could tell it to you."
  "But you must look at it with my eyes, Mr. Holmes. You
must realize it from the point of view of a woman who sees all
her life's ambition about to be ruined at the last moment. Is such
a woman to be blamed if she protects herself?"
  "The original sin was yours."
  "Yes, yes! I admit it. He was a dear boy, Douglas, but it so
chanced that he could not fit into my plans. He wanted marriage --
marriage, Mr. Holmes -- with a penniless commoner. Nothing
less would serve him. Then he became pertinacious. Because I
had given he seemed to think that I still must give, and to him
only. It was intolerable. At last I had to make him realize it."
  "By hiring ruffians to beat him under your own window."
  "You do indeed seem to know everything. Well, it is true.
Barney and the boys drove him away, and were, I admit, a little
rough in doing so. But what did he do then? Could I have
believed that a gentleman would do such an act? He wrote a
book in which he described his own story. I, of course, was the
wolf; he the lamb. It was all there, under different names, of
course; but who in all London would have failed to recognize it?
What do you say to that, Mr. Holmes?"
  "Well, he was within his rights."
  "It was as if the air of Italy had got into his blood and brought
with it the old cruel Italian spirit. He wrote to me and sent me a
copy of his book that I might have the torture of anticipation.
There were two copies, he said -- one for me, one for his
publisher."
  "How did you know the publisher's had not reached him?"
  "I knew who his publisher was. It is not his only novel, you
know. I found out that he had not heard from Italy. Then came
Douglas's sudden death. So long as that other manuscript was in
the world there was no safety for me. Of course, it must be
among his effects, and these would be returned to his mother. I
set the gang at work. One of them got into the house as servant.
I wanted to do the thing honestly. I really and truly did. I was
ready to buy the house and everything in it. I offered any price
she cared to ask. I only tried the other way when everything else
had failed. Now, Mr. Holmes, granting that I was too hard on
Douglas -- and, God knows, I am sorry for it! -- what else could I
do with my whole future at stake?"
  Sherlock Holmes shrugged his shoulders.
  "Well, well," said he, "I suppose I shall have to compound a
felony as usual. How much does it cost to go round the world in
first-class style?"
  The lady stared in amazement.
  "Could it be done on five thousand pounds?"
  "Well, I should think so, indeed!"
  "Very good. I think you will sign me a check for that, and I
will see that it comes to Mrs. Maberley. You owe her a little
change of air. Meantime, lady" -- he wagged a cautionary
forefinger -- "have a care! Have a care! You can't play with
edged tools forever without cutting those dainty hands."
                  THE THREE LITTLE PIGS
   Once upon a time . . . there were three little pigs, who left their mummy
and daddy to see the world.
   All summer long, they roamed through the woods and over the plains,playing
games and having fun. None were happier than the three little pigs, and they
easily made friends with everyone. Wherever they went, they were given a warm 
welcome, but as summer drew to a close, they realized that folk were drifting
back to their usual jobs, and preparing for winter. Autumn came and it began
to rain. The three little pigs started to feel they needed a real home. Sadly
they knew that the fun was over now and they must set to work like the others,
or they'd be left in the cold and rain, with no roof over their heads. They
talked about what to do, but each decided for himself. The laziest little pig
said he'd build a straw hut.
   "It wlll only take a day,' he said. The others disagreed.
   "It's too fragile," they said disapprovingly, but he refused to listen. Not
quite so lazy, the second little pig went in search of planks of seasoned
wood.
   "Clunk! Clunk! Clunk!" It took him two days to nail them together. But the
third little pig did not like the wooden house.
   "That's not the way to build a house!" he said. "It takes time, patience 
and hard work to buiid a house that is strong enough to stand up to wind, 
rain, and snow, and most of all, protect us from the wolf!"
   The days went by, and the wisest little pig's house took shape, brick by
brick. From time to time, his brothers visited him, saying with a chuckle:
   "Why are you working so hard? Why don't you come and play?" But the
stubborn bricklayer pig just said "no".
   "I shall finish my house first. It must be solid and sturdy. And then I'll
come and play!" he said. "I shall not be foolish like you! For he who laughs
last, laughs longest!"
   It was the wisest little pig that found the tracks of a big wolf in the
neighbourhood.
   The little pigs rushed home in alarm. Along came the wolf, scowling 
fiercely at the laziest pig's straw hut.
   "Come out!" ordered the wolf, his mouth watering. I want to speak to you!"
   "I'd rather stay where I am!" replied the little pig in a tiny voice.
   "I'll make you come out!" growled the wolf angrily, and puffing out his
chest, he took a very deep breath. Then he blew wlth all his might, right onto
the house. And all the straw the silly pig had heaped against some thin poles,
fell down in the great blast. Excited by his own cleverness, the wolf did not
notice that the little pig had slithered out from underneath the heap of
straw, and was dashing towards his brother's wooden house. When he realized 
that the little pig was escaping, the wolf grew wild with rage.
   "Come back!" he roared, trying to catch the pig as he ran into the wooden 
house. The other little pig greeted his brother, shaking like a leaf.
   "I hope this house won't fall down! Let's lean against the door so he can't
break in!"
   Outside, the wolf could hear the little pigs' words. Starving as he was, at
the idea of a two-course meal, he rained blows on the door.
   "Open up! Open up! I only want to speak to you!"
   Inside, the two brothers wept in fear and did their best to hold the door
fast against the blows. Then the furious wolf braced himself a new effort: he
drew in a really enormous breath, and went ... WHOOOOO! The wooden house
collapsed like a pack of cards.
   Luckily, the wisest little pig had been watching the scene from the window
of his own brick house, and he rapidly opened the door to his fleeing 
brothers. And not a moment too soon, for the wolf was already hammering 
furiously on the door. This time, the wolf had grave doubts. This house had a
much more solid air than the others. He blew once, he blew again and then for
a third time. But all was in vain. For the house did not budge an lnch. The
three little pigs watched him and their fear began to fade. Quite exhausted by
his efforts, the wolf decided to try one of his tricks. He scrambled up a
nearby ladder, on to the roof to have a look at the chimney. However, the
wisest little pig had seen thls ploy, and he quickly said:
   "Quick! Light the fire!" With his long legs thrust down the chimney, the
wolf was not sure if he should slide down the black hole. It wouldn'tbe easy
to get in, but the sound of the little pigs' voices below only made him feel
hungrier.
   "I'm dying of hunger! I'm goin to try and get down." And he let himself 
drop. But landing was rather hot, too hot! The wolf landed in the fire, stunned
by his fall.
   The flames licked his hairy coat and his tail became a flaring torch.
   "Never again! Never again will I go down a chimneyl" he squealed, as he
tried to put out the flames in his tail. Then he ran away as fast as he could.
   The three happy little pigs, dancing round and round the yard, began to 
sing:
   "Tra-la-la! Tra-la-la! The wicked black wolf will never come back...!"
   From that terrible day on, the wisest little pig's brothers set to work
with a will. In less than no time, up went the two new brick houses. The wolf
did return once to roam in the neighbourhood, but when he caught sight of
three chimneys, he remembered the terrible pain of a burnt tail, and he left
for good.
   Now safe and happy, the wisest little pig called to his brothers:
   "No more work! Come on, let's go and play!"
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
           (313)558-5024 {14.4} (313)558-5517
              A BBS for text file junkies
              RPGNet GM File Archive Site
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
             The Adventure of the Three Students
  It was in the year '95 that a combination of events, into which I
need not enter, caused Mr. Sherlock Holmes and myself to spend
some weeks in one of our great university towns, and it was
during this time that the small but instructive adventure which I
am about to relate befell us. It will be obvious that any details
which would help the reader exactly to identify the college or the
criminal would be injudicious and offensive. So painful a scan-
dal may well be allowed to die out. With due discretion the
incident itself may, however, be described, since it serves to
illustrate some of those qualities for which my friend was re-
markable. I will endeavour, in my statement, to avoid such terms
as would serve to limit the events to any particular place, or give
a clue as to the people concerned.
  We were residing at the time in furnished lodgings close to a
library where Sherlock Holmes was pursuing some laborious
researches in early English charters -- researches which led to
results so striking that they may be the subject of one of my
future narratives. Here it was that one evening we received a
visit from an acquaintance, Mr. Hilton Soames, tutor and lec-
turer at the College of St. Luke's. Mr. Soames was a tall, spare
man, of a nervous and excitable temperament. I had always
known him to be restless in his manner, but on this particular
occasion he was in such a state of uncontrollable agitation that it
was clear something very unusual had occurred.
  "I trust, Mr. Holmes, that you can spare me a few hours of
your valuable time. We have had a very painful incident at St.
Luke's, and really, but for the happy chance of your being in
town, I should have been at a loss what to do."
  "I am very busy just now, and I desire no distractions," my
friend answered. "I should much prefer that you called in the aid
of the police."
  "No, no, my dear sir; such a course is utterly impossible.
When once the law is evoked it cannot be stayed again, and this
is just one of those cases where, for the credit of the college, it is
most essential to avoid scandal. Your discretion is as well known
as your powers, and you are the one man in the world who can
help me. I beg you, Mr. Holmes, to do what you can."
  My friend's temper had not improved since he had been
deprived of the congenial surroundings of Baker Street. Without
his scrapbooks, his chemicals, and his homely untidiness, he was
an uncomfortable man. He shrugged his shoulders in ungracious
acquiescence, while our visitor in hurried words and with much
excitable gesticulation poured forth his story.
  "I must explain to you, Mr. Holmes, that to-morrow is the
first day of the examination for the Fortescue Scholarship. I am
one of the examiners. My subject is Greek, and the first of the
papers consists of a large passage of Greek translation which the
candidate has not seen. This passage is printed on the examina-
tion paper, and it would naturally be an immense advantage if
the candidate could prepare it in advance. For this reason, great
care is taken to keep the paper secret.
  "To-day, about three o'clock, the proofs of this paper arrived
from the printers. The exercise consists of half a chapter of
Thucydides. I had to read it over carefully, as the text must be
absolutely correct. At four-thirty my task was not yet completed.
I had, however, promised to take tea in a friend's rooms, so I
left the proof upon my desk. I was absent rather more than an
hour.
  "You are aware, Mr. Holmes, that our college doors are
double -- a green baize one within and a heavy oak one without.
As I approached my outer door, I was amazed to see a key in it.
For an instant I imagined that I had left my own there, but on
feeling in my pocket I found that it was all right. The only
duplicate which existed, so far as I knew, was that which
belonged to my servant, Bannister -- a man who has looked after
my room for ten years, and whose honesty is absolutely above
suspicion. I found that the key was indeed his, that he had
entered my room to know if I wanted tea, and that he had very
carelessly left the key in the door when he came out. His visit to
my room must have been within a very few minutes of my
leaving it. His forgetfulness about the key would have mattered
little upon any other occasion, but on this one day it has pro-
duced the most deplorable consequences.
  "The moment I looked at my table, I was aware that someone
had rummaged among my papers. The proof was in three long
slips. I had left them all together. Now, I found that one of them
was lying on the floor, one was on the side table near the
window, and the third was where I had left it."
  Holmes stirred for the first time.
  "The first page on the floor, the second in the window, the
third where you left it," said he.
  "Exactly, Mr. Holmes. You amaze me. How could you possi-
bly know that?"
  "Pray continue your very interesting statement."
  "For an instant I imagined that Bannister had taken the unpar-
donable liberty of examining my papers. He denied it, however,
with the utmost earnestness, and I am convinced that he was
speaking the truth. The alternative was that someone passing had
observed the key in the door, had known that I was out, and had
entered to look at the papers. A large sum of money is at stake,
for the scholarship is a very valuable one, and an unscrupulous
man might very well run a risk in order to gain an advantage
over his fellows.
  "Bannister was very much upset by the incident. He had
nearly fainted when we found that the papers had undoubtedly
been tampered with. I gave him a little brandy and left him
collapsed in a chair, while I made a most careful examination of
the room. I soon saw that the intruder had left other traces of his
presence besides the rumpled papers. On the table in the window
were several shreds from a pencil which had been sharpened. A
broken tip of lead was lying there also. Evidently the rascal had
copied the paper in a great hurry, had broken his pencil, and had
been compelled to put a fresh point to it."
  "Excellent!" said Holmes, who was recovering his good-
humour as his attention became more engrossed by the case.
"Fortune has been your friend."
  "This was not all. I have a new writing-table with a fine
surface of red leather. I am prepared to swear, and so is Bannis-
ter, that it was smooth and unstained. Now I found a clean cut in
it about three inches long -- not a mere scratch, but a positive cut.
Not only this, but on the table I found a small ball of black
dough or clay, with specks of something which looks like saw-
dust in it. I am convinced that these marks were left by the man
who rifled the papers. There were no footmarks and no other
evidence as to his identity. I was at my wit's end, when suddenly
the happy thought occurred to me that you were in the town, and
I came straight round to put the matter into your hands. Do help
me, Mr. Holmes. You see my dilemma. Either I must find the
man or else the examination must be postponed until fresh papers
are prepared, and since this cannot be done without explanation,
there will ensue a hideous scandal, which will throw a cloud not
only on the college, but on the university. Above all things, I
desire to settle the matter quietly and discreetly."
  "I shall be happy to look into it and to give you such advice
as I can," said Holmes, rising and putting on his overcoat.
"The case is not entirely devoid of interest. Had anyone visited
you in your room after the papers came to you?"
  "Yes, young Daulat Ras, an Indian student, who lives on the
same stair, came in to ask me some particulars about the exami-
nation."
  "For which he was entered?"
  "Yes."
  "And the papers were on your table?"
  "To the best of my belief, they were rolled up."
  "But might be recognized as proofs?"
  "Possibly."
  "No one else in your room?"
  "No."
  "Did anyone know that these proofs would be there?"
  "No one save the printer."
  "Did this man Bannister know?"
  "No, certainly not. No one knew."
  "Where is Bannister now?"
  "He was very ill, poor fellow. I left him collapsed in the
chair. I was in such a hurry to come to you."
  "You left your door open?"
  "I locked up the papers first."
  "Then it amounts to this, Mr. Soames: that, unless the Indian
student recognized the roll as being proofs, the man who tam-
pered with them came upon them accidentally without knowing
that they were there."
  "So it seems to me."
  Holmes gave an enigmatic smile.
  "Well," said he. "let us go round. Not one of your cases.
Watson -- mental, not physical. All right; come if you want to.
Now, Mr. Soames -- at your disposal!"
  The sitting-room of our client opened by a long, low, latticed
window on to the ancient lichen-tinted court of the old college.
A Gothic arched door led to a worn stone staircase. On the
ground floor was the tutor's room. Above were three students,
one on each story. It was already twilight when we reached the
scene of our problem. Holmes halted and looked earnestly at the
window. Then he approached it, and, standing on tiptoe with his
neck craned, he looked into the room.
  "He must have entered through the door. There is no opening
except the one pane," said our learned guide.
  "Dear me!" said Holmes, and he smiled in a singular way as
he glanced at our companion. "Well, if there is nothing to be
learned here, we had best go inside."
  The lecturer unlocked the outer door and ushered us into his
room. We stood at the entrance while Holmes made an examina-
tion of the carpet.
  "I am afraid there are no signs here," said he. "One could
hardly hope for any upon so dry a day. Your servant seems to
have quite recovered. You left him in a chair, you say. Which
chair?"
  "By the window there."
  "I see. Near this little table. You can come in now. I have
finished with the carpet. Let us take the little table first. Of
course, what has happened is very clear. The man entered and
took the papers, sheet by sheet, from the central table. He
carried them over to the window table, because from there he
could see if you came across the courtyard, and so could effect
an escape."
  "As a matter of fact, he could not," said Soames, "for I
entered by the side door."
  "Ah, that's good! Well, anyhow, that was in his mind. Let
me see the three strips. No finger impressions -- no! Well he
carried over this one first, and he copied it. How long wouid it
take him to do that, using every possible contraction? A quarter
of an hour, not less. Then he tossed it down and seized the next.
He was in the midst of that when your return caused him to make
a very hurried retreat -- very hurried, since he had not time to
replace the papers which would tell you that he had been there.
You were not aware of any hurrying feet on the stair as you
entered the outer door?"
  "No, I can't say I was."
  "Well, he wrote so furiously that he broke his pencil, and
had, as you observe, to sharpen it again. This is of interest,
Watson. The pencil was not an ordinary one. It was above the
usual size, with a soft lead, the outer colour was dark blue, the
maker's name was printed in silver lettering, and the piece
remaining is only about an inch and a half long. Look for such a
pencil, Mr. Soames, and you have got your man. When I add
that he possesses a large and very blunt knife, you have an
additional aid."
  Mr. Soames was somewhat overwhelmed by this flood of
information. "I can follow the other points," said he, "but
really, in this matter of the length --"
  Holmes held out a small chip with the letters NN and a space
of clear wood after them.
  "You see?"
  "No, I fear that even now --"
  "Watson, I have always done you an injustice. There are
others. What could this NN be? It is at the end of a word. You
are aware that Johann Faber is the most common maker's name.
Is it not clear that there is just as much of the pencil left as
usually follows the Johann?" He held the small table sideways to
the electric light. "I was hoping that if the paper on which he
wrote was thin, some trace of it might come through upon this
polished surface. No, I see nothing. I don't think there is any-
thing more to be learned here. Now for the central table. This
small pellet is, I presume, the black, doughy mass you spoke of.
Roughly pyramidal in shape and hollowed out, I perceive. As
you say, there appear to be grains of sawdust in it. Dear me, this
is very interesting. And the cut -- a positive tear, I see. It began
with a thin scratch and ended in a jagged hole. I am much
indebted to you for directing my attention to this case, Mr.
Soames. Where does that door lead to?"
  "To my bedroom."
  "Have you been in it since your adventure?"
  "No, I came straight away for you."
  "I should like to have a glance round. What a charming,
old-fashioned room! Perhaps you will kindly wait a minute, until
I have examined the floor. No, I see nothing. What about this
curtain? You hang your clothes behind it. If anyone were forced
to conceal himself in this room he must do it there, since the bed
is too low and the wardrobe too shallow. No one there, I
suppose?"
  As Holmes drew the curtain I was aware, from some little
rigidity and alertness of his attitude, that he was prepared for an
emergency. As a matter of fact, the drawn curtain disclosed
nothing but three or four suits of clothes hanging from a line of
pegs. Holmes turned away, and stooped suddenly to the floor.
  "Halloa! What's this?" said he.
  It was a small pyramid of black, putty-like stuff, exactly like
the one upon the table of the study. Holmes held it out on his
open palm in the glare of the electric light.
  "Your visitor seems to have left traces in your bedroom as
well as in your sitting-room, Mr. Soames."
  "What could he have wanted there?"
  "I think it is clear enough. You came back by an unexpected
way, and so he had no warning until you were at the very door.
What could he do? He caught up everything which would betray
him, and he rushed into your bedroom to conceal himself."
  "Good gracious, Mr. Holmes, do you mean to tell me that, all
the time I was talking to Bannister in this room, we had the man
prisoner if we had only known it?"
  "So I read it."
  "Surely there is another alternative, Mr. Holmes. I don't
know whether you observed my bedroom window?"
  "Lattice-paned, lead framework, three separate windows, one
swinging on hinge, and large enough to admit a man."
  "Exactly. And it looks out on an angle of the courtyard so as
to be partly invisible. The man might have effected his entrance
there, left traces as he passed through the bedroom, and finally,
finding the door open, have escaped that way."
  Holmes shook his head impatiently.
  "Let us be practical," said he. "I understand you to say that
there are three students who use this stair, and are in the habit of
passing your door?"
  "Yes, there are."
  "And they are all in for this examination?"
  "Yes."
  "Have you any reason to suspect any one of them more than
the others?"
  Soames hesitated.
  "It is a very delicate question." said he. "One hardly likes to
throw suspicion where there are no proofs."
  "Let us hear the suspicions. I will look after the proofs."
  "I will tell you, then, in a few words the character of the three
mcn who inhabit these rooms. The lower of the three is Gilchrist,
a fine scholar and athletc, plays in the Rugby team and the
cricket team for the college, and got his Blue for the hurdles and
the long jump. He is a fine, manly fellow. His father was the
notorious Sir Jabez Gilchrist, who ruined himself on the turf. My
scholar has been left very poor, but he is hard-working and
industrious. He will do well.
  "The second floor is inhabited by Daulat Ras, the Indian. He
is a quiet, inscrutable fellow; as most of those Indians are. He is
well up in his work, though his Greek is his weak subject. He is
steady and methodical.
  "The top floor belongs to Miles McLaren. He is a brilliant
fellow when he chooses to work -- one of the brightest intellects
of the university; but he is wayward, dissipated, and unprinci-
pled. He was nearly expelled over a card scandal in his first
year. He has been idling all this term, and he must look forward
with dread to the examination."
  "Then it is he whom you suspect?"
  "I dare not go so far as that. But, of the three, he is perhaps the
least unlikely."
  "Exactly. Now, Mr. Soames, let us have a look at your
servant, Bannister."
  He was a little, white-faced, clean-shaven, grizzly-haired fel-
low of fifty. He was still suffering from this sudden disturbance
of the quiet routine of his life. His plump face was twitching
with his nervousness, and his fingers could not keep still.
  "We are investigating this unhappy business, Bannister," said
his master.
  "Yes, sir."
  "I understand," said Holmes, "that you left your key in the
door?"
  "Yes, sir."
  "Was it not very extraordinary that you should do this on the
very day when there were these papers inside?"
  "It was most unfortunate. sir. But I have occasionally done
the same thing at other times."
  "When did you enter the room?"
  It was about half-past four. That is Mr. Soames's tea time."
  "How long did you stay?"
  "When I saw that he was absent. I withdrew at once."
  "Did you look at these papers on the table?"
  "No, sir certainly not."
  "How came you to leave the key in the door?"
  "I had the tea-tray in my hand. I thought I would come back
for the key. Then I forgot."
  "Has the outer door a spring lock?"
  "No, sir."
  "Then it was open all the time?"
  "Yes, sir."
  "Anyone in the room could get out?"
  "Yes, sir."
  "When Mr. Soames returned and called for you, you were
very much disturbed?"
  "Yes, sir. Such a thing has never happened during the many
years that I have been here. I nearly fainted, sir."
  "So I understand. Where were you when you began to feel
bad?"
  "Where was I, sir? Why, here, near the door."
  "That is singular, because you sat down in that chair over
yonder near the corner. Why did you pass these other chairs?"
  "I don't know, sir, it didn't matter to me where I sat."
  "I really don't think he knew much about it, Mr. Holmes. He
was looking very bad -- quite ghastly."
  "You stayed here when your master left?"
  "Only for a minute or so. Then I locked the door and went to
my room."
  "Whom do you suspect?"
  "Oh, I would not venture to say, sir. I don't believe there is
any gentleman in this university who is capable of profiting by
such an action. No, sir, I'll not believe it."
  "Thank you, that will do," said Holmes. "Oh, one more
word. You have not mentioned to any of the three gentlemen
whom you attend that anything is amiss?"
  "No, sir -- not a word."
  "You haven't seen any of them?"
  "No, sir."
  "Very good. Now, Mr. Soames, we will take a walk in the
quadrangle, if you please."
  Three yellow squares of light shone above us in the gathering
gloom.
  "Your three birds are all in their nests," said Holmes, looking
up. "Halloa! What's that? One of them seems restless enough."
  It was the Indian, whose dark silhouette appeared suddenly
upon his blind. He was pacing swiftly up and down his room.
  "I should like to have a peep at each of them," said Holmes.
"Is it possible?"
  "No difficulty in the world," Soames answered. "This set of
rooms is quite the oldest in the college, and it is not unusual for
visitors to go over them. Come along, and I will personally
conduct you."
  "No names, please!" said Holmes, as we knocked at Gilchrist's
door. A tall, flaxen-haired, slim young fellow opened it, and
made us welcome when he understood our errand. There were
some really curious pieces of mediaeval domestic architecture
within. Holmes was so charmed with one of them that he insisted
on drawing it in his notebook, broke his pencil, had to borrow
one from our host, and finally borrowed a knife to sharpen his
own. The same curious accident happened to him in the rooms of
the Indian -- a silent, little, hook-nosed fellow, who eyed us
askance, and was obviously glad when Holmes's architectural
studies had come to an end. I could not see that in either case
Holmes had come upon the clue for which he was searching.
Only at the third did our visit prove abortive. The outer door
would not open to our knock, and-nothing more substantial than
a torrent of bad language came from behind it. "I don't care who
you are. You can go to blazes!" roared the angry voice. "To-
morrow's the exam, and I won't be drawn by anyone."
  "A rude fellow," said our guide, flushing with anger as we
withdrew down the stair. "Of course, he did not realize that it
was I who was knocking, but none the less his conduct was very
uncourteous, and, indeed, under the circumstances rather
suspicious."
  Holmes's response was a curious one.
  "Can you tell me his exact height?" he asked.
  "Really, Mr. Holmes, I cannot undertake to say. He is taller
than the Indian, not so tall as Gilchrist. I suppose five foot six
would be about it."
  "That is very important," said Holmes. "And now, Mr.
Soames, I wish you good-night."
  Our guide cried aloud in his astonishment and dismay. "Good
gracious, Mr. Holmes, you are surely not going to leave me in
this abrupt fashion! You don't seem to realize the position.
To-morrow is the examination. I must take some definite action
to-night. I cannot allow the examination to be held if one of the
papers has been tampered with. The situation must be faced."
  "You must leave it as it is. I shall drop round early to-morrow
morning and chat the matter over. It is possible that I may be in
a position then to indicate some course of action. Meanwhile,
you change nothing -- nothing at all."
  "Very good, Mr. Holmes."
  "You can be perfectly easy in your mind. We shall certainly
find some way out of your difficulties. I will take the black clay
with me, also the pencil cuttings. Good-bye."
  When we were out in the darkness of the quadrangle, we again
looked up at the windows. The Indian still paced his room. The
others were invisible.
  "Well, Watson, what do you think of it?" Holmes asked, as
we came out into the main street. "Quite a little parlour game -- 
sort of three-card trick, is it not? There are your three men. It
must be one of them. You take your choice. Which is yours?"
  "The foul-mouthed fellow at the top. He is the one with the
worst record. And yet that Indian was a sly fellow also. Why
should he be pacing his room all the time?"
  "There is nothing in that. Many men do it when they are
trying to learn anything by heart."
  "He looked at us in a queer way."
  "So would you, if a flock of strangers came in on you when
you were preparing for an examination next day, and every
moment was of value. No, I see nothing in that. Pencils, too,
and knives -- all was satisfactory. But that fellow does puzzle
me."
  "Who?"
  "Why, Bannister, the servant. What's his game in the matter?"
  "He impressed me as being a perfectly honest man."
  "So he did me. That's the puzzling part. Why should a
perfectly honest man -- Well, well, here's a large stationer's. We
shall begin our researches here."
  There were only four stationers of any consequences in the
town, and at each Holmes produced his pencil chips, and bid
high for a duplicate. All were agreed that one could be ordered,
but that it was not a usual size of pencil, and that it was seldom
kept in stock. My friend did not appear to be depressed by his
failure, but shrugged his shoulders in half-humorous resignation.
  "No good, my dear Watson. This, the best and only final
clue, has run to nothing. But, indeed, I have little doubt that we
can build up a sufficient case without it. By Jove! my dear
fellow, it is nearly nine, and the landlady babbled of green peas
at seven-thirty. What with your eternal tobacco, Watson, and
your irregularity at meals, I expect that you will get notice to
quit, and that I shall share your downfall -- not, however, before
we have solved the problem of the nervous tutor, the careless
servant, and the three enterprising students."
  Holmes made no further allusion to the matter that day, though
he sat lost in thought for a long time after our belated dinner. At
eight in the morning, he came into my room just as I finished my
toilet.
  "Well, Watson," said he, "it is time we went down to St.
Luke's. Can you do without breakfast?"
  "Certainly."
  "Soames will be in a dreadful fidget until we are able to tell
him something positive."
  "Have you anything positive to tell him?"
  "I think so."
  "You have formed a conclusion?"
  "Yes, my dear Watson, I have solved the mystery."
  "But what fresh evidence could you have got?"
  "Aha! It is not for nothing that I have turned myself out of
bed at the untimely hour of six. I have put in two hours' hard
work and covered at least five miles, with something to show for
it. Look at that!"
  He held out his hand. On the palm were three little pyramids
of black, doughy clay.
  "Why, Holmes, you had only two yesterday."
  "And one more this morning. It is a fair argument that
wherever No. 3 came from is also the source of Nos. 1 and 2.
Eh, Watson? Well, come along and put friend Soames out of his
pain."
  The unfortunate tutor was certainly in a state of pitiable agita-
tion when we found him in his chambers. In a few hours the
examination would commence, and he was still in the dilemma
between making the facts public and allowing the culprit to
compete for the valuable scholarship. He could hardly stand still,
so great was his mental agitation, and he ran towards Holmes
with two eager hands outstretched.
  "Thank heaven that you have come! I feared that you had
given it up in despair. What am I to do? Shall the examination
proceed?"
  "Yes, let it proceed, by all means."
  "But this rascal?"
  "He shall not compete."
  "You know him?"
  "I think so. If this matter is not to become public. we must
give ourselves certain powers and resolve ourselves into a small
private court-martial. You there, if you please, Soames! Watson
you here! I'll take the armchair in the middle. I think that we are
now sufficiently imposing to strike terror into a guilty breast.
Kindly ring the bell!"
  Bannister entered, and shrank back in evident surprise and fear
at our judicial appearance.
  "You will kindly close the door," said Holmes. "Now
Bannister, will you please tell us the truth about yesterday's
incident.'
  The man turned white to the roots of his hair.
  "I have told you everything, sir."
  "Nothing to add?"
  "Nothing at all, sir."
  "Well, then, I must make some suggestions to you. When you
sat down on that chair yesterday, did you do so in order to
conceal some object which would have shown who had been in
the room?"
  Bannister's face was ghastly.
  "No, sir, certainly not."
  "It is only a suggestion," said Holmes, suavely. "I frankly
admit that I am unable to prove it. But it seems probable enough
since the moment that Mr. Soames's back was turned, you
released the man who was hiding in that bedroom."
  Bannister licked his dry lips.
  "There was no man, sir."
  "Ah, that's a pity, Bannister. Up to now you may have
spoken the truth, but now I know that you have lied."
  The man's face set in sullen defiance.
  "There was no man, sir."
  "Come, come, Bannister!"
  "No, sir, there was no one."
  "In that case, you can give us no further information. Would
you please remain in the room? Stand over there near the bed-
room door. Now, Soames, I am going to ask you to have the
great kindness to go up to the room of young Gilchrist. and to
ask him to step down into yours."
  An instant later the tutor returned, bringing with him the
student. He was a fine figure of a man, tall, lithe, and agile, with
a springy step and a pleasant, open face. His troubled blue eyes
glanced at each of us, and finally rested with an expression of
blank dismay upon Bannister in the farther corner.
  "Just close the door," said Holmes. "Now, Mr. Gilchrist, we
are all quite alone here, and no one need ever know one word of
what passes between us. We can be perfectly frank with each
other. We want to know, Mr. Gilchrist, how you, an honourable
man, ever came to commit such an action as that of yesterday?"
  The unfortunate young man staggered back, and cast a look
full of horror and reproach at Bannister.
  "No, no, Mr. Gilchrist, sir, I never said a word -- never one
word!" cried the servant.
  "No, but you have now," said Holmes. "Now, sir, you must
see that after Bannister's words your position is hopeless, and
that your only chance lies in a frank confession."
  For a moment Gilchrist, with upraised hand, tried to control
his writhing features. The next he had thrown himself on his
knees beside the table, and burying his face in his hands, he had
burst into a storm of passionate sobbing.
  "Come, come," said Holmes, kindly, "it is human to err,
and at least no one can accuse you of being a callous criminal.
Perhaps it would be easier for you if I were to tell Mr. Soames
what occurred, and you can check me where I am wrong. Shall I
do so? Well, well, don't trouble to answer. Listen, and see that I
do you no injustice.
  "From the moment, Mr. Soames, that you said to me that no
one, not even Bannister, could have told that the papers were in
your room, the case began to take a definite shape in my mind.
The printer one could, of course, dismiss. He could examine the
papers in his own office. The Indian I also thought nothing of. If
the proofs were in a roll, he could not possibly know what they
were. On the other hand, it seemed an unthinkable coincidence
that a man should dare to enter the room, and that by chance on
that very day the papers were on the table. I dismissed that. The
man who entered knew that the papers were there. How did he
know?
  "When I approached your room, I examined the window. You
amused me by supposing that I was contemplating the possibility
of someone having in broad daylight, under the eyes of all these
opposite rooms, forced himself through it. Such an idea was
absurd. I was measuring how tall a man would need to be in
order to see, as he passed, what papers were on the central table.
I am six feet high, and I could do it with an effort. No one less
than that would have a chance. Already you see I had reason to
think that, if one of your three students was a man of unusual
height, he was the most worth watching of the three.
  "I entered, and I took you into my confidencc as to the
suggestions of the side table. Of the centre table I could make
nothing, until in your description of Gilchrist you mentioned that
he was a long-distance jumper. Then the whole thing came to me
in an instant, and I only needed certain corroborative proofs,
which I speedily obtained.
  "What happened was this: This young fellow had employed
his afternoon at the athletic grounds, where he had been practis-
ing the jump. He returned carrying his jumping-shoes, which are
provided, as you are aware, with several sharp spikes. As he
passed your window he saw, by means of his great height, these
proofs upon your table, and conjectured what they were. No
harm would have been done had it not been that, as he passed
your door, he perceived the key which had been left by the
carelessness of your servant. A sudden impulse came over him to
enter, and see if they were indeed the proofs. It was not a
dangerous exploit, for he could always pretend that he had simply
looked in to ask a question.
  "Well, when he saw that they were indeed the proofs, it was
then that he yielded to temptation. He put his shoes on the table.
What was it you put on that chair near the window?"
  "Gloves," said the young man.
  Holmes looked triumphantly at Bannister. "He put his gloves
on the chair, and he took the proofs, sheet by sheet, to copy
them. He thought the tutor must return by the main gate, and that
he would see him. As we know, he came back by the side gate.
Suddenly he heard him at the very door. There was no possible
escape. He forgot his gloves, but he caught up his shoes and
darted into the bedroom. You observe that the scratch on that
table is slight at one side, but deepens in the direction of the
bedroom door. That in itself is enough to show us that the shoe
had been drawn in that direction, and that the culprit had taken
refuge there. The earth round the spike had been left on the
table, and a second sample was loosened and fell in the bed-
room. I may add that I walked out to the athletic grounds this
morning, saw that tenacious black clay is used in the jumping-
pit, and carried away a specimen of it, together with some of the
fine tan or sawdust which is strewn over it to prevent the athlete
from slipping. Have I told the truth, Mr. Gilchrist?"
  The student had drawn himself erect.
  "Yes, sir, it is true," said he.
  "Good heavens! have you nothing to add?" cried Soames.
  "Yes, sir, I have, but the shock of this disgraceful exposure
has bewildered me. I have a letter here, Mr. Soames, which I
wrote to you early this morning in the middle of a restless night.
It was before I knew that my sin had found me out. Here it is,
sir. You will see that I have said, 'I have determined not to go
in for the examination. I have been offered a commission in
the Rhodesian Police, and I am going out to South Africa at
once.' "
  "I am indeed pleased to hear that you did not intend to profit
by your unfair advantage," said Soames. "But why did you
change your purpose?"
  Gilchrist pointed to Bannister.
  "There is the man who set me in the right path," said he.
  "Come now, Bannister," said Holmes. "It will be clear to
you, from what I have said, that only you could have let this
young man out, since you were left in the room, and must have
locked the door when you went out. As to his escaping by that
window, it was incredible. Can you not clear up the last point in
this mystery, and tell us the reasons for your action?"
  "It was simple enough, sir, if you only had known, but, with
all your cleverness, it was impossible that you could know. Time
was, sir, when I was butler to old Sir Jabez Gilchrist, this young
gentleman's father. When he was ruined I came to the college as
servant, but I never forgot my old employer because he was
down in the world. I watched his son all I could for the sake of
the old days. Well, sir, when I came into this room yesterday,
when the alarm was given, the very first thing I saw was Mr.
Gilchrist's tan gloves a-lying in that chair. I knew those gloves
well, and I understood their message. If Mr. Soames saw them,
the game was up. I flopped down into that chair, and nothing
would budge me until Mr. Soames went for you. Then out came
my poor young master, whom I had dandled on my knee, and
confessed it all to me. Wasn't it natural, sir, that I should save
him, and wasn't it natural also that I should try to speak to him
as his dead father would have done, and make him understand
that he could not profit by such a deed? Could you blame me,
sir?"
  "No, indeed," said Holmes, heartily, springing to his feet.
  "Well, Soames, I think we have cleared your little problem up,
and our breakfast awaits us at home. Come, Watson! As to you,
sir, I trust that a bright future awaits you in Rhodesia. For once
you have fallen low. Let us see, in the future, how high you can
rise."
                     THE THREE WISHES
   Once upon a time . . . a woodcutter lived happily with his wife in a pretty
little log cabin in the middle of a thick forest. Each morning he set off 
singing to work, and when he came home in the evening, a plate of hot steaming 
soup was always waiting for him. 
   One day, however, he had a strange surprise. He came upon a big fir tree 
with strange open holes on the trunk. It looked somehow different from the 
other trees, and just as he was about to chop it down, the alarmed face of an 
elf popped out of a hole.
   "What's all this banging?" asked the elf. "You're not thinking of cutting 
down this tree, are you? It's my home. I live here!" The woodcutter dropped 
his axe in astonlshment.
   "Well, I . . ." he stammered.
   "With all the other trees there are in this forest, you have to pick this 
one. Lucky I was in, or I would have found myself homeless."
   Taken aback at these words, the woodcutter qulckly recovered, for after all
the elf was quite tiny, while he himself was a big hefty chap, and he boldly 
replied: "I'll cut down any tree I like, so . . ." 
   "All right! All right!" broke in the elf. "Shall we put it this way: if you
don't cut down this tree, I grant you three wishes. Agreed?" The woodcutter 
scratched his head. 
   "Three wishes, you say? Yes, I agree." And he began to hack at another 
tree. As he worked and sweated at his task, the woodcutter kept thinking about
the magic wishes. 
   "I'll see what my wife thinks..."
   The woodcutter's wife was busily cleaning a pot outside the house when her 
husband arrived. Grabbing her round the waist, he twirled her in delight.
   "Hooray! Hooray! Our luck is in!" 
   The woman could not understand why her husband was so pleased with himself 
and she shrugged herself free. Later, however, over a glass of fine wine at 
the table, the woodcutter told his wife of his meeting with the elf, and she 
too began to picture the wonderful things that the elf's three wishes might 
give them. The woodcutter's wife took a first sip of wine from her husband's 
glass.
   "Nice," she said, smacking her lips. "I wish I had a string of sausages to 
go with it, though..."
   Instantly she bit her tongue, but too late. Out of the air appeared the 
sausages while the woodcutter stuttered with rage.
   ". . . what have you done! Sausages . . . What a stupid waste of a wish! 
You foollsh woman. I wish they would stick up your nose!" No sooner sald than
done. For the sausages leapt up and stuck fast to the end of the woman's nose.
This time, the woodcutter's wife flew into a rage.
   "You idiot, what have you done? With all the things we could have wished 
for . . ." The mortified woodcutter, who had just repeated his wife's own 
mistake, exclaimed:
   "I'd chop . . ." Luckily he stopped himself in time, realizing with horror 
that he'd been on the point of having his tongue chopped off. As his wife 
complained and blamed him, the poor man burst out laughing.
   "If only you knew how funny you look with those sausages on the end of your
nose!" Now that really upset the woodcutter's wife. She hadn't thought of her 
looks. She tried to tug away the sausages but they would not budge. She pulled 
again and again, but in vain. The sausages were firmly attached to her nose. 
Terrified, she exclaimed: "They'll be there for the rest of my life!"
   Feeling sorry for his wife and wondering how he could ever put up with a 
woman with such an awkward nose, the woodcutter said: "I'll try." Grasping the
string of sausages, he tugged with all his might. But he simply pulled his 
wife over on top of him. The pair sat on the floor, gazing sadly at each other.
   "What shall we do now?" they said, each thinking the same thought.
   "There's only one thing we can do . . ." ventured the woodcutter's wife 
timidly.
   "Yes, I'm afraid so . . ." her husband sighed, remembering their dreams of 
riches, and he bravely wished the third and last wish "I wish the sausages 
would leave my wife's nose."
   And they did. Instantly, husband and wife hugged each other tearfully, 
saying "Maybe we'll be poor, but we'll be happy again!"
   That evening, the only reminder of the woodcutter's meeting with the elf 
was the string of sausages. So the couple fried them, gloomily thinking of 
what that meal had cost them.
                       Four Moons of Death
        DING DONG! The melancholy tintinabulation of the iron bells echoed
in the golden town of Arno. The shuffling of feet filing out of a granite
cathedral and the murmuring voices of paupers dominated all the sound.
Residing peacefully at it's zenith in it's aquamarine abode was the ocher
sun.
        A slight breeze whipped up some dead leaves from the tan soil
revealing some rustling. Slender and have brown hair, a man dressed in a
white robe with some golden lace entered Al's Pub.
        As he entered the bar, tattooed, bearded, deep-voiced men sat at
tables, discussing about their adventures and their treasures while
slurping various alcoholic beverages.
        Greetings came from every person as the Arch Bishop sauntered
towards an empty table. He received all sorts of messages like :
"Good afternoon Fleric. How are thee today? I absolutely believe in all
thy sermons."
        Al paced up to the waxed oak table as Fleric stood his wooden
cudgel next to his worn-out stool.
        "What will it be Fleric?"
        "I shalt have some boar meat and a cup of thy finest wine"
        "Very good selection. Thy cost will be 5000 copper pieces, Fleric"
        Willfully, Fleric placed 5 platinum coins engraved with the quote
"In Annisette We Trust" on the polished table. Al gratefully grinned as he
scooped up the money and briskly walked-off jingling them in his enclosed
hands.
        Fleric slipped a small, ancient tome from his robe's long sleeve.
He flipped the yellow pages to the chapter on the 4 moons. Fleric's eyes
caught something that made his gray matter go to work.
        The inscription on the crinkled paper read: "When the 4 moons are
full, it shall raise the deceased. If thou even look at any grave during
that period, thou shalt meet thy untimely demise."  His almost hollow jaw
drooped. "Tonight is the night when all 4 moons ARE full." Fleric thought.
" I must warn everyone." His thin arm motioned at a brown haired woman who
held a mahogany lute. Her cotton clothes seemed oversized and a red silk
hat topped her scalp.
        "Why hello Fleric. What do thou want with a wandering minstreal
like me? Surely thou must have better things to do than talking to a
peasent like me."
        "Warn everyone that tonight all 4 moons are full. That is all I
want from thee, madame." Suddenly, time stood still as all the gossiping
and shouting terminated. Surprised eyes fixed themselves at Fleric. Without
hesitating, all the customers fled the vicinity whispering to each other.
        "I do not think that will be necessary Fleric. Everyone else should
know it by now." the woman replies. With that, she walks up to Al and
started strumming on her lute a song of praise to the goddess Annisette.
        Heaving a great sigh, Fleric continued to peruse the tiny book :
"For thou to understand more, thou must understand how the moons behave.
Flit, Pop and Lag go from east to west, but Instanity flies across the
