+5 to dodge and parry
+6 to dodge while leaping
+3 to roll with impact
+4 to pull punch
Restrained Punch-2D6 M.D.
Punch-5D6 M.D.
Power Punch-1D6*10 M.D. counts as two attacks
Kick-7D6 M.D.
Leap Kick-2D6*10 M.D.
Body Flip/Throw-1D6 M.D.
Body Block/Ram-5D6 M.D.
6. Sensor Systems Note-Same as RJ-2, Bonuses: +3 to strike and
dodge
Military might of the Cities
Bismark:
15,000 soldiers
*150 SAMAS
40 McCoy Combat Robots
30 UltiMax
*5 Death Heads
2 Glitter Boys
Lazarus:
30,000 soldiers
*400 SAMAS
50 McCoy Combat Robots
35 X-500 Forager
20 X-535 Hunter
*10 Death Head
*6 Spider-Skull Walker
5 Glitter Boys
Guardian:
50,000 soldiers
1,000 SAMAS
500 Sky Cycles
200 UAR-1 Enforcers
100 Death Heads
50 Spider-Skull Walkers
1,000 Combat Robots
2,000 Dog-Boys
3,000 Psi-Stalkers
McCoyville:
2,500 Soldiers
5,000 McCoy Combat Robots
5 Ulti-Max
+4 Modified Behemoth
*UAR-1 Enforcer
1 Glitter Boy
Ft. Yates
34 Glitter Boys
150 Modified B-52's
200 M1A1-Abrahams Main Battle Tanks
45 Apache Helicopters
10 B-2 Stealth Bombers
* These item were stolen or captured by McCoy and then traded to
towns, Coalition are   
   not aware of this.
+ See Vehicle section
New Skills
Farming
Category: Domestic
This skill is the techniques used to farm properly.  You know how
to till your your land, when to leave it fallow.  Also know
rudimentary knowledge in herbicides, and fertilizer. You know
which ones work but not why.  Can estimate when it is going to
rain and so on.
Base Skill 30%+4% per level
Urban Survival
Category: Espionage
This skill is like the Wilderness Survival except it is for
cities,  this skill differs from streetwise in the fact that you
know more than the illegal parts of the city is, you know how to
survive on minimal amounts of credits, know where the best
restaurants,  where cops are, how the city is run.  Basically
this skill is like if you live in the city all your life you know
where things are, you know how people are going to react to you
or how you look.
Base Skill 35%+5% per level
Camouflage
Category: Espionage
This is the skill of knowing how to camouflage yourself in all
types of areas.  You know how to mix into your surroundings very
well.
Base Skill 25%+4% per level
Combat: Horseback Riding
Category: Pilot Skills
Required: Horsemanship
This trains the character on how to charge properly while on top
of a horse.  
How to shoot accurately with a gun and son.
+2 to strike with an Ancient W.P.
+1 to strike with Modern W.P.
+2 to parry and dodge while on top of horse
At 3rd level add 1 additional attack while on horse
At 9th level add one attack while on horse
Rural Medicine
Category: Medicine
The person who has this skill knows old wives tales on how to
cure ailments, such things as to cure drunkenness is to drink
coffee, and things like that.  Most of the tales do nothing to
help the patient sometimes making the condition worse, but
sometimes they do work.
LANCER COMBAT TRAINING:
Category: Pilot
+5 to dodge
One additional attack
One additional attack at rank of Captain
One additional attack at rank of Rogue Major
This skills allows the pilot to be able to perform well in
combat, any pilot that tries to fly the Lancer in combat will be
in for a real surprise.  Lose one attack -6 to dodge
Computer Keyboarding
Category: Technical
This skill allows the PC to type at a keyboard at a good speed. 
5 times their I.Q. without making a mistake, can write a 6 times
I.Q. at 80% mistake free.  This skill is good for typing programs
and transfer of data.
 Sign Language
Category: Technical
This is the skill of using your hands to communicate with others
as long as they have the skill too.  Knows the alphabet and has a
very good understanding of the language.
Base Skill 55%+5% per level
Physics
Category: Science
Requirements: Advanced Mathematics and Literacy.
A natural science covering matter, energy and their mutual
relations Characters who have this has a good understanding of
Nanotechnology.
W.P. Spear
W.P. Boomerang
Races and O.C.C.'s
Inuit R.C.C.
Ghost Buffalo NPC
Agriculturist R.C.C.
Death Dragon R.C.C.
Lancer Pilot O.C.C.
Silver Ranger O.C.C.
Rapid Flies NPC
CyberRangers O.C.C.
CyberWarrior O.C.C.
Technocrat O.C.C.
Lightning Dragon R.C.C.
North Dakotan Cyberknight O.C.C.
Brahmagupta Dragon R.C.C.
Coalition Commando O.C.C.
Seventh Cavalrymen R.C.C.
Death Horse NPC
Old Time Doctor O.C.C.
Aiite Master NPC
Aiite Worker R.C.C.
Aiite Commandant R.C.C.
Inuit R.C.C.
IQ: 4D6  ME: 3D6+2  MA: 3D6  PS: 3D6+3  PP: 3D6  PE: 4D6  PB: 3D6 
Spd: 3D6
Inuits are a  American Indian nature spirits who were known to
the native Americans, worshipped in some areas, feared in others. 
They dress in tribal outfits, with feathers and tattoos being a
common sight.  Inuits are highly conservation and environmentally
oriented.  
Whenever they use their abilities their skin glows green (except
for invisibility).  See Seventh Calvary men for more details on
death and dying.
Natural Abilities
1. Drain-The character gains strength by draining other persons
life force.  It costs 10 ISP   
    to use.  Victim rolls against psionics an if fails loses up
to 50 ISP and 5D6   
    S.D.C./M.D.C. depending on the creature.  The Inuit gains
what the victim loses, except   
    that the S.D.C. turns into M.D.C.  The Inuit can only use
this power on one person at a  
    time.  He must be touching the victims skin.  He can only use
this power 10 times in a   
    24 hour period.
2. Invisibility at will-Same as the invisibility: Superior spell
3. Infection-This is the power that lets the Inuit create other
Inuits.  The Inuit bites the   
    victims neck an if victims fails a save at 18 he will slowly
transform into a Inuit.  He will 
    get all the Bonuses of the Inuit.  Reroll    ME, PS, and PE,
the rest stay the same.  Also 
    victim becomes a M.D.C. creature.  The Inuit can only do this
during a full moon, and   
    has to be on a Ley line or Nexus Point.
4. Flaming Tomahawk-1D6*10 MDC.  This tomahawk is made of
ectoplasm manipulated
    by the Inuit.  It gets it flaming appearance due to its fiery
red color and the fact that it   
    feels like it burns your skin when it hits you.  Inuit can
throw it up to 300 feet and can 
    still return to them.  Only the Inuit can use the weapon, any
one else who touches it will 
    be inflicted with full damage.  Any Inuit will know it cannot
use the weapon and won't    
    try to pick it up.
M.D.C./Hit Points: 3D6*10
Alignment: Any
ISP: 1D6*10   Shaman: 1D10*10
PPE: 2D4
O.C.C. Skills
Wilderness Survival +20%
Land Nav +15%
Hunting +25%
Track Animals +10%
Skin and Prepare Animals +15%
W.P. Archery
W.P. Blunt
W.P. Knife
Cooking +20%
Fishing +5%
Sewing +5%
Other Skills: None
Secondary Skills-Select 3 skills from Domestic, Physical, and
Wilderness category.  Select 1 skill at level 4, 9, and 13.
Combat Bonus: +35% to prowl, +2 to strike with ancient weapon, -3
to strike with modern weapon, +1 to parry and dodge, +1 to
initiative.
Psionic Powers
Roll a D100, on a roll of 1 your character is a shaman-Knows 5 of
the following Powers: BIO-REGENERATION, PSYCHIC SURGERY, PSYCHIC
DIAGNOSIS, SIXTH SENSE, SENSE EVIL, SENSE MAGIC, INCREASED
HEALING, RAIN, GROWTH, OR SEE THE INVISIBLE.  On a roll other
than 1, character is a minor psychic know 1D4 from physical
category.  Shaman learn 2 new powers at level 3, 7, 9, 11, 13,
and 15, can choose from any category except super.  +2D6 ISP per
level for both.
Spells-Neither know any
Equipment-A long bow with 20 arrows, Hatchet-2D6 SDC, 2 ancient
weapons of choice, set of Indian clothes, a pipe, backpack, 2 fur
coats, and a  bowie knife 
Money: None to start with
Cybernetics and Bionics: Cannot receive either.
Created by Mike Best  Edited by Sean Satterlee
CyberRangers
80 years ago the Cyberknights appeared.  A mere 20 years ago the
CyberRanger appeared.  A sort of super wilderness scout, the
rangers are the stealth and senses of the Cyber  Trilogy.  They
are silent and can make normal Wilderness Scouts seem as natural
as Chi-Town
Training: The CyberRanger have probably the hardest training of
any of the three Cybers.  Their training begins at age 10, and
continues until age 20.  They must be taught by a CyberRanger of
a at least 7th level.  Word has it Lord Coake himself encourage
this occupation and helped in its separation from the
Cyberknights to form it's own branch.
Psionic Powers
Roll a d10, on a 1-8 the character has no psionics (with the
exception of the choices provided later), only 1D6 ISP, and is
considered a minor psionic.  On a 9 or 10 the character may
choose five powers from the following list at level 1, and 2 more
at 3rd and 7th level.  The character is considered a Major
Psionic.  BIO-REGENERATION, DEADEN PAIN, HEALING TOUCH, INCREASED
HEALING, ALTER AURA,
IMP. TO COLD, IMP. TO FIRE, IMP. TO POISON/TOXIN, RESIST FATIGUE,
RESIST HUNGER, RESIST THIRST, SEE THE INVISIBLE, SENSE EVIL,
SENSE MAGIC, OR SIXTH SENSE.
Alignment: Any good or selfish
Attribute Requirements:  IQ:9 ME: 12 PS:10 PP:6 PE: 14 Spd: 7
Special Bonuses: add 2D6 to PE and Spd, add 2D4 to ME, 1D6 to PS
and PP.  Add 1
attack per melee.  Add +3 to parry and dodge, and add 4D6 to
S.D.C.
PPE: 4D4
O.C.C. Skills
Language: 3 of choice at 95%
Literacy: Choose 1 from the above languages at 85%
Cook +5%
Fishing +15%
Sewing +5%
Detect Ambush +20%
Detect Concealment + 20%
Intelligence +15%
Tracking +20%
Wilderness Survival +30*
First Aid +10%
Holistic Medicine +15%
Athletics: General 
Climbing +20%
Prowl +25%
Horsemanship +15%
Math: Basic +10%
Lore: Demons and Monsters
W.P. Choose 3 ancients of choice
W.P. Choose 2 modern of choice
Hunting
Identify Plants and Fruits +30%
Track Animals +20%
HTH: Expert (Can be upped to Martial Arts at the cost of 2 Other
Skills)
Other Skills: Choose 5 from the following list.  Select 1 more at
level 4, 5, 7, 9, 12, and 15.
Communication: Only Radio:Basic +5%
Domestic: Any
Espionage: Any +10%
Military: Any
Physical: Any +10%
Pilot: Any but Robots and PA, tanks, and APC's
Pilot Related: Any
Rogue: Any but Hacking
Science: Biology or Botany +10%
Technical: Any except Comp Op and Comp Pr +10%
W.P.: Any
Wilderness: Any +15%
Secondary Skills: Choose 4 from the above list without bonuses
though.
Equipment: One set of light or medium armor.  One energy rifle
with 3 E-clips.  Vibroknife, combat fatigues and boots.  Blue
jeans and T-shirt, backpack, canteen, 1 protein healing salve. 
Do not like vehicles and will try to avoid riding animals (they
like animals and don't like forcing them to work).
Money: 1D4*25 credits
Cybernetics and Bionics: Cannot receive them whatsoever
Code of Honor:  Protect innocent animals and follow the Code
listed Rifts RPG under the Cyberknight.
Natural Abilities
Choose two from the following five choices
1. Psi-Bow-A bow that shoots mega-damage arrows up to 500 feet
away.  This is like a   
    Psi-Sword in that it can be used indefinitely and cost no
ISP.  It does 1D4 mega-damage    
    at level one, add a d4 every other level.  Effective range is 
  500 feet.  If character   
    chooses this he automatically receives W.P. Archery.  
2. M.D.C. being!!!  Character becomes a M.D.C. creature with
3D6+1 M.D.C.  Add      
    1D4 M.D.C. at level 3, 5, 8, and 12.  Drop any S.D.C.
bonuses.
3. Enhanced Senses-Character automatically has night vision at
200 feet, see the invisible,   
    sense magic, sense evil, sixth sense, see aura, and has
heightened hearing and can see as  
    well as a Crazy.
4. Super Stealth-The PC can, 3 times a day with each time lasting
2 hours, become totally   
    invisible to all methods of detection.  This means not even
See the Invisible will detect.   
    The PC cannot be heard (unless he wants to), and cannot be
smelled.  The PC can still   
    be felt and still retains his weight.
5. Enhanced Abilities-Add 2D6 to PE, 2D4 to PS, 1D6 to PP, 1D4*10
to Spd, 1D4 to        
    ME and IQ, 1D6 to Hit Points, 1D4*10 to S.D.C. (These latter
two become +2d6 to  
    M.D.C. if PC chooses Ability two).
Saving Bonuses for all CyberRangers
+2 save vs. poisons
+1 save vs. insanity, psionics, and magic
+5 save vs. horror factor
Created by Mike Best  Edited by Sean Satterlee
CyberWarrior 
About 60 years ago the Cyberwarriors were created as an offshoot
to the Cyberknights.  The CyberWarriors were similar to the
Cyberknights, but were more concerned with raw combat.  They were
also mostly unprincipled. Their numbers remained few up until
five years ago.  Their numbers since have tripled, and are still
growing.  The CyberWarrior are all good, a good comparison
between the CyberWarriors and the Cyberknight would be the
Knights of Camelot and the Rival Cavaliers.  The CyberWarriors
are a rowdy bunch who love a good scrap and never back down. 
They are nowhere near as civilized or intelligent as the
Cyberknight Training: Unlike the Cyberknights, all CyberWarrior
have to train with a high level CyberWarrior for at least two
years.  The teacher teaches them all they need to know.  This
warrior must be of at least 6th level.
Psionic Powers
Roll a d10, on a 1-9 the PC has no psionics powers but the
Psi-Axe, an has only 1D4 ISP, and is considered a minor psionic. 
On a 10 the character gets the Psi-Axe and choose 1 power from
each category except super.  ISP is 1D4*10.  +2 ISP per level,
and the character is considered a major psionic.
Alignment: Any but only .5% are evil, if evil the character loses
the Psi-Axe.
Attribute Requirements: PS: 12 PE: 11 Spd: 6
Special Bonuses: Add 1D^ to PS, PE, and Spd, add 1D4 to PP and
ME.  Add 2D4*10 
to S.D.C. and 1D6 to Hit points.  Add +1 to roll with punch and a
+5 to damage.
PPE: 4D6
NOTE: Cannot receive IQ bonus no matter what.
O.C.C. Skills
Language: 2 of choice at 80%
Radio:Basic +10%
Detect Ambush +15%
Detect Concealment +10%
Wilderness Survival +20%
First Aid +10%
Demolitions +15%
Demolitions:Disposal +15%
Body Building and Weight Lifting
Boxing 
Climbing +15%
Prowl +15%
Wrestling
Pilot: Choose 2 +10%
W.P. Axe
W.P. 2 ancient of choice
W.P. 2 modern of choice
Lore: Demons and Monsters +10%
Land Nav +15%
HTH Expert (can be changed to Martial Arts at the cost of one
Other Skill)
Other Skills: Choose 4 and an additional 2 at levels 3, 5, 7, 8,
12, and 14.
Domestic: Any +5%
Electrical: Only Basic Electronics
Espionage: Any +5%
Mechanical: Automotive only
Physical: Any +10%
Pilot: Any
Pilot Related: Any
Rogue: Any but Hacking
Science: Only Math:Basic
Technical: Any
W.P.: Any
Wilderness: Any +5%
Secondary Skills-Choose 5 skills from the above list without
bonuses.
Equipment: One set of heavy armor.  One energy rifle with 4
E-clips, a set of dress clothing, gas mask, tinted sunglasses, 2
quart canteen, 2 protein healing salves, combat fatigues and
boots.  Has no vehicle to start out with.
Money: 1D4*100 credits
Cybernetics: Starts with cyberarmor identical to the
Cyberknights, and choose one type of cyber eyes.  
Code of Honor:  Only obligation is to help innocent people.
Powers 
Psi-Axe Similar to the Psi-sword. the Psi-Axe is more powerful. 
Starting M.D.C.
is 2D6, add 1D6 at levels 2, 3, 5, 7, 8, 10, 13, and 15.  
Add a +1 to save vs. magic and horror factor.
Heals 2 times normal human speed
Role of the Cyberknights
     No one group is more honored, more loved than the
Cyberknight.  People view them as the saviors of humanity and
protector of the downtrodden (d-bee's).  Most communities will
openly aid a Cyberknight anyway they can.  When a Cyberknight
rides into town, the people forget about their fears for a little
while an enjoy life.  In fact holovids glamorize the Cyberknights
depicting them as the hero of the land, and defender of justice.  
     In truth the reason for the Cyberknights fame is because of
the Silver Rangers.  Silver Rangers are the unsung hero's  of
North Dakota.  They often travel alone, roaming the countryside,
righting wrongs.  They travel into town, solve the problem, then
leave (sort of like the Lone Ranger).  Because the Silver Rangers
don't stick around for to long the people think they were
Cyberknights, since they helped the town like a Cyberknight
should..  
     The Cyberknights in North Dakota are a little different than
the one's found roaming the land outside of Dakota.  The knights
are more aloof and more snobbish than normal.  They view
themselves as above the rest of the population,  and that people
will always need saving.  They think the people couldn't live
without the aid of the knight (for a better description think of
Derek Crownguard from the Dragonlance novels transplanted to the
Rifts Dimension).  
     The main population of Cyberknights are located in the
Gregor Monastery, this is not the famed Lord Coake monastery. 
Here the knights are trained in the ways of knighthood.  The
monastery is lead by an 11th level Cyberknight named J.T. Falcon. 
Currently Falcon is trying to assemble an army of Cyberknights . 
Right now he has 1,500
knights, and will have 4,000 more in the following year.  As soon
as Falcon has assembled enough men (roughly 10,000), he will wage
war against evil Supernatural creatures and any evil kingdom. 
Unfortunately once these foes are dispatched in North Dakota
Falcon will try to make North Dakota his kingdom.  There are only
humans in the Monastery, Falcon will not allow any non-humans to
join the ranks of Cyberknights.  Any outside Cyberknight will
feel a little out of place around these Cyberknights.  Outside
Cyberknights will not try to stop Falcon until it is too late to
do anything.
The following is different about the North Dakota Cyberknight
than the normal one found in the Rifts RPG.
1. To live- is the same
2.  Fair play- Same unless you are non-human, then the
Cyberknight will do the things he                           
would normally not do
3.  Nobility- Same as 2
4.  Valor-  Same as 2
5.  Honor- Same as 2
6.  Courtesy- Same as 2
7.  Same as 2
Silver Ranger O.C.C.
The Silver Rangers are an organization of men and women dedicated
to helping people survive the terrible plots of fiendish
characters.  The Rangers are of sort of like the Cyberknights
except the Rangers help a person or a small town, while the
knights will help an area or a big city, usually ignoring the
pleas of a single person or small town.  The Rangers are usually
very quiet, speaking only when needed to.  The Rangers carry out
their duty and leave often before they can be given thanks. 
Rangers are not in this business for glory or to make money,
instead they do their jobs because if they didn't no one else
would do it.  They will not except money from people no matter
what, instead they will accept food and lodging for the night.
Attribute Requirement: IQ: 10  PS: 11,  
Permanent Base P.P.E.: Roll 4D6
O.C.C. Skills:
Literacy +10%
Language select two of choice at 98%
Wilderness Survival +20%
Lore: Demon +5%
Horsemanship +5%
Land Navigation +5%
Pilot Select two Pilots +5%
First Aid +10%
Holistic Medicine +20%
Prowl +10%
Athletics
W.P. Ancient select 2
W.P. Modern select 3
HTH: Martial Arts  No such thing as an evil or selfish Silver
Ranger
O.C.C. Related Skills  Select 8 other skills,  at least two must
be physical, one wilderness, and one domestic.  Select two at
level three, 1 at level nine, 2 at level thirteen, and 1 at level
fifteen.
Communications: Any
Domestic: Any +10%
Electrical: Basic only
Espionage: only Detect Ambush and Concealment, and also Tracking
Mechanical: None
Medical: only Paramedic
Military: Any
Physical: Any +10%
Pilot Skills: Any +5%
Pilot Related: Any
Rogue: only streetwise and concealment
Science: only Math: Basic an Advanced
Technical: Any except Comp Pr.
W.P.: Any
Wilderness: Any +15%
Secondary Skills: Select 6 skills from the above list, but
without bonuses.
Equipment: Suit of Heavy Armor.  1 energy rifle with 3 extra
E-clips, 2 energy pistol with 6  extra E-clips, and 1 S.D.C.
handgun with 2 clips.   Backpack, canteen, binoculars, 50ft of
rope, collapsible tent and stakes, field radio, sunglasses, 
first aid kit, three week supply of  rations, and one set of
clothe
Select a vehicle as long as it is under 40,000 credits, or can
have bionic horse
Money: 1D10 credits, that's right this guy is a pauper
Cybernetics: None to start out with but can acquire some at a
later date.
Brahmagupta Dragon R.C.C.
IQ: 2D6/3D6+1    Read description for more info
ME: 2D6+5/3D6
MA: 3D6+5
PS: 4D6+5 *SUPERNATURAL STRENGTH
PP: 4D6/5D6
PE: 5D6
PB: 2D6
Spd: 8D6 Running or 70 mph flying
ISP: 1D6*10/1D6*10+20
PPE: 1D6*10
MDC/HIT POINTS: 1D3*100
Horror Factor: 14
Alignment: Any but usually anarchist or evil
In every species there is always a sect of them that the rest of
the species dislikes, i.e. the Gully Dwarves, Dark Elves, Nazi's,
and so on.  The dragons are no exception to this statement. 
Dragons look down upon the Brahmagupta due to their weak minds
and physical abilities, but you should never judge a book by its
cover.  The Brahmagupta are arguably the most powerful dragon
that have step foot on Earth.  That wasn't always the case
though,  the Brahmaguptas were the weakest dragons.  That all
changed the day the a power hungry Shifter happen to come across
their dimension.  The Brahmagupta were dying off, they weren't
able to adapt to their changing planet.  The shifter enslaved the
dragons with the promise of a new world and the power to be the
strongest dragons known to the universe.  The Shifter had come
across an ancient spell believed to be created by the Old Ones,
but the shifter doesn't know, or care.  The spell creates an
amulet that gives the shifter the powers of the wearer, and gives
the wearer power too.  Until now the Shifter couldn't find any
willing dragons (since only dragon may wear the amulet), until he
found the Brahmagupta.  Once the dragon puts on the amulet he
can't remove it unless it truly never intends to wear it again,
in which case he will lose the powers given to it by the amulet
(the powers are on the right side of slashes).  Until now their
were only 6 Brahmagupta's on Earth, but now their are over 700
Brahmagupta's that have the amulet.  
Due to the suddenness of attaining power some of the Brahmagupta
have gone insane.  These few (35) insane dragons have led people
to believe that the entire race of Brahma's are insane monsters
that love to kill.  Most armies are instructed to kill Brahma's
on sight.  The other race's of dragons are disgusted and shocked
that a dragon would actually use a humans device to gain power. 
Some dragons will actively hunt down Brahma's.
Natural Abilities
1.  Nightvision: 200 feet.  Bio-regenerate: 1D4*10 Mega-damage
every 5 minutes, with 
      amulet it's 1D6*10 every minute.  See the invisible, fire
and cold resistant
2.  Acid Breath: 3D6 M.D.
4.  Metamorphis: Same as Great horned Dragon
5.  Amulet:  The amulet increases the wearers abilities (right
side of slash), it increase speed
     by 15 mph (flying and running).  Also increases PPE by 130
and ISP by 100.  What the 
     dragons don't know is that the shifter can exert his will
over the dragon any time,           
      forcing the dragon to do what he wants.  What the shifter
does not know is that with 
      every amulet he makes a little part of himself goes into
the amulet.  So if he keeps
      making amulets he will eventually die, and with his death
all the amulets will lose their 
      power.  Also dragon acquires a few of shifter's spells due
to the Amulet.  Pick 10 of 
      the following spells:
SENSE PPE, SENSE MAGIC, TURN DEAD, TRANCE, CHAMELEON,
CONCEALMENT, SHADOW MELD, TIME SLIP, CALL LIGHTNING, CONSTRAIN
BEINGS,  SUMMON AND CONTROL CANINES, SUMMON LESSER BEINGS,
FIREBALL, LIFE DRAIN, CLOSE RIFT, CALM STORM.
R.C.C. Skills:  At first level can select 5 skills, but is
automatically literate in Dragonese (98%), and knows Basic: Math
at 98%.
Psionics:  Considered a minor psionic and knows Mind Block,
Telepathy, Sixth Sense, and See Aura.  With the Amulet dragon
becomes a Major Psionic, and knows the following:
Telekinesis (super), Psi-Sword, Alter Aura, Empathy, Object Read,
Death Trance, and Hydrokinesis.
Spells:  Knows no spells at 1st level other than the ones the
amulet gives it.  Can learn two new spells at every other level
starting at 2nd level.
Physical Description:  15 feet long
                    40 foot Wingspan
                                  8 feet tall
                    Scales are red in color, this dragon is
absolutely hornless and   
                                  clawless. 
Combat:  Punch- 2D6/5D6 M.D.
        Tail- 4D6/1D6*10 M.D.
        Bite- 3D6/1D6*10 M.D.
        Body block- 1D6*10/2D6*10 M.D.
Insanity:  Roll a D20 if you get a 20 roll twice on psychosis
table (p19 of Rifts RPG).
Coalition Commando
Attribute Requirement: IQ: 15, PS: 12, PP: 18
Attribute Bonuses:  1D4 to PS, PP, and PE
Due to the disaster of the McCoy raid in which two divisions were
wiped out, the Coalition hired a group of analyst to figure out
what went wrong with the invasion.  After many months they
deduced that the enemy was given enough time to prepare for a
large assault, if the Coalition had sent in a small group of
specialized soldiers it would have been possible for the
Coalition to of won that battle without that high of a casualty
rate.  Emperor Prosek agreed to this theory, an immediately set
up a training program to created commandos.  The soldiers were
chosen from the finest available personnel, no matter how much
political clout you had, if you weren't the best  you weren't
going to get in.  
     The commandos go where no other could go without a 1,000
other soldiers backing him up.  They are assigned the most
dangerous task, and are often not given a lot of support in
succeeding.  Yet somehow they do, the commandos have the least
casualties out of all the divisions.  In their off time they
often act immature or get into a lot of fights.  To outsiders
this appears to be that these people are just plain brutes, but
that is not true.
That is the only way they know how to let out some steam after a
very dangerous mission.
While on a mission they lose that immature attitude and become
downright serious, not allowing mistakes to happen.
O.C.C. Skills
Sniper
Tracking +10%
Wilderness Survival +15%
Urban Survival +15%
Camouflage +5%
Holistic Medicine +5%
Math: Basic and Advanced +15%
First Aid +5%
Pick Locks +10%
Cryptography +10%
Radio: Basic +15%
Radio: Scrambler +15%
Surveillance +20%
Literacy +25%
Select two languages at 98%
HTH Martial Arts or Assassin
W.P. Select two Ancient 
W.P. Select four Modern
Other Skills  Select 15 skills, but 4 must be physical, 1 ancient
W.P., and 3 pilots.
Communications: Any +5%
Domestic:  Any
Espionage: Any +10%
Electrical: Only Basic
Mechanical: only automotive mechanic
Medical: only paramedic
Military: Any +15%
Physical: Any +10%
Pilot: Any +10%
Pilot Related: Any
Rogue: Only Comp Hacking, Concealment, and Streetwise
Science: None
Technical: Only Comp  Op and Lore: Demon
W.P.: Any
Secondary Skills: Select 8 skills from the above list but no
bonuses
Standard Equipment:  1 energy rifle with 2 E-clips, 2 energy
pistols with 2 clips, and 3 ancient weapons.  Any armor of
choice.  Signal flares, survival knife, pocket computer, air
filter and gas mask, walkie-talkie, canteen, combat boots,
camouflage fatigues.
Equipment available upon assignment:  Any rifle or pistol (M.D.C.
or S.D.C.), extra E-clips, hover-cycle, some explosives, extra
rations, and a compass.  Will not be given any vehicle besides
hover-cycle no matter what, commando is suppose to rely on his
own merit not with the aid of technology, besides it harder to
conceal an APC or Death Head, than it is a hover-cycle.
Money:   Salary is 4,000 credits a month.  Captain or higher is
5,000 credits
Cybernetics:  None to start out with
Seventh Calvary men R.C.C.
IQ: 3D6
ME: 3D6+2
MA: 3D6+1
PS: 4D6  *Supernatural Strength
PP: 4D6
PE: 5D6
PB: 2D6
Spd: 3D6
ISP: 1D6*10 +4 per level
PPE: 1D6*10  permanent base
MDC: 2D6*10 +10 per level
Alignment: Any 90% are anarchist or evil
Flesh looks like it is rotting away in some places, you can see
bone in other places.  They wear what appears to be late 19th
century American military uniforms.  The clothing looks tattered,
but somehow it manages to stay on.  The Calvary men were killed
while fighting Indians, and buried by an Indian Shaman who had
put a curse on them.  When the rifts erupted, it triggered the
curse, they are doomed to forever walk this land never dying, but
always in pain.  Forever doing their duty ridding Indians and
guarding their land.  Consequently they will attack Indians on
sight and attack anyone in the Badlands besides another Calvary
men.  
     Both the Inuit and Calvary men have human emotions, and act
pretty much like humans would.  The Inuits live in tribes with a
leader an a Shaman, while the Calvary men will in outpost lead by
a Commander.  Both races will venture out of the Badlands if they
want to.  Also both races cannot die but when their hit points
are reduced  to 0 they go into a stasis until they regenerate all
their hit points, not before.  When a Inuit or Calvary men loses
double their hit points they die, but not in the same sense that
a human would die.  They are sucked into a different plane of
existence where their is no substance, just endless darkness. 
The soul is in constant pain, but the character will never find
the source of the pain.  The character can still think and has
thoughts but he can't move or use any powers, he is just their. 
If a character goes to this plane their is no way of coming back,
pick new character.
Natural Abilities 
1.  Flaming Saber:  2D6 M.D. plus 1D6 M.D. every other level. 
The saber when activated    
     by the Calvary men (SC), flames up but oddly does not give
off heat or light.  Only the 
     SC can handle or activate the saber.  He can activate it at
will.  If someone else besides
     the SC handles the saber they are engulfed in flames
inflicting 2D6 M.D. per round 
     held
2.  Nightvision 100ft.  Bio-regenerate at 6D6 M.D. every 5
minutes.
3.  Limited Invulnerability:  Only laser and electricity do
damage, and lasers do only   
     half-damage.  Nothing else will hurt the SC.  Magic and
Psionics do full damage.
Spells:  Knows none and cannot learn any.
Psionics:  Select two physical at level one, and select three
from sensitive at level six.
Height:  Same as human.
R.C.C. Skills:
Horsemanship 98%
Wilderness Survival 98%
Select two domestics at 98%
Select two wilderness at 98%
Select one W.P. any of choice
Language and Literacy: American 98%
Equipment:  A Death Horse, saddle, canteen, tent, bed roll,
binoculars, select one S.D.C. side arm, and one S.D.C. rifle, and
camping gear.    
Money:  None to start out with.
Cybernetics: Can never receive them.
Old Time Doctor O.C.C.
Attribute Requirement:  IQ: 12  ME: 11 PE: 13
Attribute Bonus:  IQ: +1
This doctor is similar to the ones you would see in the old west
in the late 19th century.  They can't do much in the way of
healing, but they will make you feel comfortable.  Most Old Time
Doctors know rudimentary skills in stitches , pulling teeth,
remedies for stomach aches, and stuff like that.  Most Old Time
Doctors don't stay in one place for to long, they often accompany
caravans or travelers.  In a way they are a like a soldier who
knows some first aid skills.
O.C.C. Skills
First Aid +20%
Holistic Medicine +5%
Rural Medicine +15%            
Pilot: Hover +5%
Radio: Basic +5%
Wilderness Survival +10%
Language: Select two languages +20%
Literacy: Select one of the above choices at 98%
Lore: Demon +5%
W.P. Ancient Select one
W.P. Modern Select two
O.C.C. Related Skills
Select 5 other skills.  Select 2 at level three, one at level
five, eight, ten, and thirteen.
Communications: none
Domestic: Any +5%
Electrical: only Basic
Espionage: only Detect Ambush and Detect Concealment
Mechanical: none
Medical:  none
Military: none
Physical: Any
Pilot Skills: Any
Pilot Related Skills: Any
Rogue: none
Science: Any
Technical: Any
W.P.: Any
Wilderness: Any
Secondary Skills:  Select six from the above categories but with
no bonuses.
Equipment:  A medical kit, first aid kit, extra bandages,
canteen, backpack, fold-up tent, hat, 2 sets of clothes,
binoculars, and regular camping gear.  Select one energy rifle
with two E-clips, select two energy pistols with one E-clip each,
and select two ancient weapons.  
Money: 1D6*100 credits
Cybernetics: None to start out with.
Agriculturist R.C.C.
The Agriculturist is sort of like the African Rain Maker, he
wanders around the countryside aiding farmers.  He helps keep
away drought and pestilence too.  If a farmer see's or hears 
that a  Agriculturist is near his farm, he will do anything to
get him to visit his farm and help his crop.  Most Agriculturists
are kind and will do the services for a small fee, but still
there are others that are selfish or evil and demand high sums of
money or other valuables.
The Agriculturist is the modern day Johnny Appleseed, spreading
seeds inhospitable land.
Nothing gives greater joy than watching a sapling grow for a
Agriculturist.  About 99% of the Agriculturist are vegetarians
preferring not to eat meat, but the excess of plants. 
Consequently most Agriculturist are very passive not killing
animals, and are always trying to solve a conflict without
sorting to violence.  This means that the Agriculturist will
always be the last one to fire.
Attribute Requirement: None, however a high I.Q. and M.E. is
suggested.
P.P.E. Permanent Base: 2D6
I.S.P.:  2D6*10 + M.E.
Alignment: 75% are of good alignment, 15% of selfish, and 10% of
evil alignment
Skills:
Can speak and write American adequately (80%), select one
piloting skill and domestic skill.  Also select 6 other skills
from the categories physical, domestic, wilderness, pilot, and
W.P with each having a 5% bonus.  Select three secondary with no
bonuses from the list from above.  Character starts out a HTH
Basic but can be changed to HTH Expert at the cost of two other
skills.
Standard Equipment:  Assorted bag of seeds, canteen, sunglasses,
any light armor, one energy rifle with two E-clips, various small
farming tools, backpack, tent and stakes, bowie knife, and
regular camping gear.
Vehicle is limited to bionic horse or hovercraft.
Money: 2D6*100 credits
Cybernetics: None character dislikes cybernetics.
Powers of the Agriculturist:
At first level character knows: SIXTH SENSE, SEE AURA, MIND
BLOCK, GROWTH, and ANIMAL EMPATHY.  Also select a power from each
category except Super.
At second level select two from each category except Super.  From
third and above select two from any category except Super.
Aiites (pronounced A-ites) Workers R.C.C.
Horror Factor: 10
Alignment: Most are evil highest alignment is anarchist
Attributes: IQ: 2D6+4, ME: 3D6, MA: 3D6, PS: 4D6, PP: 4D6, PE:
5D6, PB: 2D6, 
Spd: 5D6   Character is considered supernatural
ISP: 1D4*10
PPE: 4D6
Hit Points: 2D6*10+20  add 20 hit points per level
Natural Abilities
1.  Nightvision- 150ft
2.  Invulnerability- Weapons do no damage only Magic and Psionic
do full damage.
3.  Cannot be turned into a Vampire
4.  Bio-regenerate- 1D4*10 hit points per melee
5.  Create Rod- See description that follows after Aiite Master.
Flaws
1.  Gold does double damage on Aiite
2.  Never can leave this dimension
3.  Cannot operate complicated machinery, such as robots,
vehicles, power armors, even if
     the character was a pilot before being turned into a Aiite.
The Aiite workers are the worker bees in the colony.  They do
most tasks that are not serious enough for a Commandant or
master.  The workers are the ones most likely for a caravan or 
traveler to come across.  They do possess somewhat of an
intelligence, and are capable of making decisions and tactics. 
Arpita has total control over the workers, he can enforce his
will whenever he wants and no matter how far away they are. 
Arpita knows what every worker knows and feels, Arpita can detect
if the worker is trying to betray him.
Arpita can force the worker to kill himself whenever he so
chooses.  All workers act differently, most keep their humans
traits.  Some workers try to return to normal life but they find
that Arpita will enforce his will upon them, changing the way the
act. 
Psionics:  Select three from physical category.
Skills:  Select 8 skills from Communication, Domestic,
Mechanical, Technical, Physical, Wilderness, and Piloting.
Physical Description:  Look completely human, only difference is
that their eyes glow and eerie green.  Human size in height.
Combat:  Look in Conversion Book for Damages
Bonuses: +2 to strike, parry, and dodge.  +1 to initiative, +3 to
save vs. horror factor, magic, and psionics.
Aiite Commandant R.C.C.
Horror Factor: 10
Alignment: All are Evil
IQ: 3D6, ME: 3D6, MA: 3D6+2, PS: 5D6, PP: 4D6, PE: 5D6, PB: 2D6,
Spd: 5D6
Creature considered a supernatural creature.
ISP: 2D8*10 + ME
PPE: 1D4*10
Hit Points: 3D6*10+10  +20 hit points per level
Natural Abilities
1. Nightvision- 150ft.
2. Invulnerability- Same as worker 
3. Fireball- 1D4*10 M.D. can be used once per melee
4. Bio-regenerate- 1D6*10 hit points per melee
5. Create Rod- See description that follows after Aiite Master
6. Cannot be turned into a Vampire
Flaws
1. Gold does double damage
2. Cannot leave dimension
3. Left hand appears to be rotting
Psionics:
Considered a major psionic, follow Burster R.C.C. rules on
obtaining psionics.  Also Commandant has the power to control
workers.   Add 2D6 ISP per level.
Skills
Same as Worker
The commandant are third in charge behind the Aiite Master and
Arpita.  They have normal intelligence and are capable of
complicated thought.  The commandant are chosen by infecting
strong evil humans.  Arpita still can enforce his will on the
commandant, but he rarely does it.  The commandant is usually
accompanied by at least 10 workers.  There is only one commandant
for every 1,000 workers, currently there are 10 commandants.
Physical Description: Varies, look completely human besides
rotting hand.
Aiite Master
Horror Factor: 14 in natural form
Alignment: Diabolic or Miscreant
IQ: 4D6, ME: 4D6: MA: 4D6, PS: 6D6, PP: 5D6, PE: 5D6, PB:
1D6/4D6, Spd: 6D6
Creature considered Supernatural
ISP: 4D6*10 
PPE: 1D6*10
Hit Points: 4D6*10+30  +20 hit points per level
Natural Abilities
1.  Nightvision- 200ft
2.  Invulnerability- Same as worker
3.  Communication with Arpita.  No matter where the Master is he
can always      
     communicate with Arpita.  This is different than the link
with the worker for the
     master can talk to Arpita while the worker cannot.
4.  Bio-regenerate- 1D8*10 per melee
5.  Lightning Attack- 1D8*10 can fire one once every melee
6.  Create Rod- See Description following this character.
7.  Metamorphis at will
Flaws
1. Gold does double damage
2.  Repulsion to salt
Psionics:  Considered a major psionics, use Mind Melter for
obtaining powers.  Add 1D10 ISP per level.
Spells:  At fifth level character can learn six spells through
level four. 
Skills:  Same as the Mind Melter
The Aiite Master is second-in-command to Arpita.  The master
enjoys total freedom, Arpita can enforce his will, but won't do
that.  The Aiite master is confronted by Arpita through the
Astral Plane.  Arpita offers unlimited power to the master, if
master agrees he transforms into the Aiite Master.  In return
Arpita gains a foothold into that dimension.  The master is
totally ruthless, doing whatever it takes to gain more minions. 
He will sometimes appear to be kind and offering help only to
betray you when you are at your weakest.  The master is always
