able to come. -- Sherlock Holmes.' There, Watson, this infernal
case has haunted me for ten days. I hereby banish it completely
from my presence. To-morrow, I trust that we shall hear the last
of it forever."
  Sharp at the hour named Inspector Stanley Hopkins appeared,
and we sat down together to the excellent breakfast which Mrs.
Hudson had prepared. The young detective was in high spirits at
his success.
  "You really think that your solution must be correct?" asked
Holmes.
  "I could not imagine a more complete case."
  "It did not seem to me conclusive."
  "You astonish me, Mr. Holmes. What more could one ask
for?"
  "Does your explanation cover every point?"
  "Undoubtedly. I find that young Neligan arrived at the
Brambletye Hotel on the very day of the crime. He came on the
pretence of playing golf. His room was on the ground-floor, and
he could get out when he liked. That very, night he went down to
Woodman's Lee, saw Peter Carey at the hut, quarrelled with
him, and killed him with the harpoon. Then, horrified by what
he had done, he fled out of the hut, dropping the notebook which
he had brought with him in order to question Peter Carey about
these different securities. You may have observed that some of
them were marked with ticks, and the others -- the great majority --
were not. Those which are ticked have been traced on the
London market, but the others, presumably, were still in the
possession of Carey, and young Neligan, according to his own
account, was anxious to recover them in order to do the right
thing by his father's creditors. After his flight he did not dare to
approach the hut again for some time, but at last he forced
himself to do so in order to obtain the information which he
needed. Surely that is all simple and obvious?"
  Holmes smiled and shook his head.
  "It seems to me to have only one drawback, Hopkins, and
that is that it is intrinsically impossible. Have you tried to drive a
harpoon through a body? No? Tut, tut, my dear sir, you must
really pay attention to these details. My friend Watson could tell
you that I spent a whole morning in that exercise. It is no easy
matter, and requires a strong and practised arm. But this blow
was delivered with such violence that the head of the weapon
sank deep into the wall. Do you imagine that this anaemic youth
was capable of so frightful an assault? Is he the man who
hobnobbed in rum and water with Black Peter in the dead of the
night? Was it his profile that was seen on the blind two nights
before? No, no, Hopkins, it is another and more formidable
person for whom we must seek."
  The detective's face had grown longer and longer during
Holmes's speech. His hopes and his ambitions were all crum-
bling about him. But he would not abandon his position without
a struggle.
  "You can't deny that Neligan was present that night, Mr.
Holmes. The book will prove that. I fancy that I have evidence
enough to satisfy a jury, even if you are able to pick a hole in it.
Besides, Mr. Holmes, I have laid my hand upon my man. As to
this terrible person of yours, where is he?"
  "I rather fancy that he is on the stair," said Holmes, serenely.
"I think, Watson, that you would do well to put that revolver
where you can reach it." He rose and laid a written paper upon a
side-table. "Now we are ready," said he.
  There had been some talking in gruff voices outside, and now
Mrs. Hudson opened the door to say that there were three men
inquiring for Captain Basil.
  "Show them in one by one," said Holmes.
  The first who entered was a little Ribston pippin of a man,
with ruddy cheeks and fluffy white side-whiskers. Holmes had
drawn a letter from his pocket.
  "What name?" he asked.
  "James Lancaster."
  "I am sorry, Lancaster, but the berth is full. Here is half a
sovereign for your trouble. Just step into this room and wait
there for a few minutes."
  The second man was a long, dried-up creature, with lank hair
and sallow cheeks. His name was Hugh Pattins. He also received
his dismissal, his half-sovereign, and the order to wait.
The third applicant was a man of remarkable appearance. A
fierce bull-dog face was framed in a tangle of hair and beard,
and two bold, dark eyes gleamed behind the cover of thick,
tufted, overhung eyebrows. He saluted and stood sailor-fashion,
turning his cap round in his hands.
  "Your name?" asked Holmes.
  "Patrick Cairns."
  "Harpooner?"
  "Yes, sir. Twenty-six voyages."
  "Dundee, I suppose?"
  "Yes, sir."
  "And ready to start with an exploring ship?"
  "Yes, sir."
  "What wages?"
  "Eight pounds a month."
  "Could you start at once?"
  "As soon as I get my kit."
  "Have you your papers?"
  "Yes, sir." He took a sheaf of worn and greasy forms from
his pocket. Holmes glanced over them and returned them.
  "You are just the man I want," said he. "Here's the agree-
ment on the side-table. If you sign it the whole matter will be
settled."
  The seaman lurched across the room and took up the pen.
  "Shall I sign here?'' he asked, stooping over the table.
  Holmes leaned over his shoulder and passed both hands over
his neck.
  "This will do," said he.
  I heard a click of steel and a bellow like an enraged bull. The
next instant Holmes and the seaman were rolling on the ground
together. He was a man of such gigantic strength that, even with
the handcuffs which Holmes had so deftly fastened upon his
wrists, he would have very quickly overpowered my friend had
Hopkins and I not rushed to his rescue. Only when I pressed the
cold muzzle of the revolver to his temple did he at last under-
stand that resistance was vain. We lashed his ankles with cord
and rose breathless from the struggle.
  "I must really apologize, Hopkins," said Sherlock Holmes.
"I fear that the scrambled eggs are cold. However, you will
enjoy the rest of your breakfast all the better, will you not, for
the thought that you have brought your case to a triumphant
conclusion."
  Stanley Hopkins was speechless with amazement.
  "I don't know what to say, Mr. Holmes," he blurted out at
last, with a very red face. "It seems to me that I have been
making a fool of myself from the beginning. I understand now,
what I should never have forgotten, that I am the pupil and you
are the master. Even now I see what you have done, but I don't
know how you did it or what it signifies."
  "Well, well," said Holmes, good-humouredly. "We all learn
by experience, and your lesson this time is that you should never
lose sight of the alternative. You were so absorbed in young
Neligan that you could not spare a thought to Patrick Cairns, the
true murderer of Peter Carey."
  The hoarse voice of the seaman broke in on our conversation.
  "See here, mister," said he, "I make no complaint of being
man-handled in this fashion, but I would have you call things by
their right names. You say I murdered Peter Carey, I say I killed
Peter Carey, and there's all the difference. Maybe you don't
believe what I say. Maybe you think I am just slinging you a
yarn."
  "Not at all," said Holmes. "Let us hear what you have to
say."
  "It's soon told, and, by the Lord, every word of it is truth. I
knew Black Peter, and when he pulled out his knife I whipped a
harpoon through him sharp, for I knew that it was him or me.
That's how he died. You can call it murder. Anyhow, I'd as
soon die with a rope round my neck as with Black Peter's knife
in my heart."
  "How came you there?" asked Holmes.
  "I'll tell it you from the beginning. Just sit me up a little, so
as I can speak easy. It was in '83 that it happened -- August of
that year. Peter Carey was master of the Sea Unicorn, and I was
spare harpooner. We were coming out of the ice-pack on our
way home, with head winds and a week's southerly gale, when
we picked up a little craft that had been blown north. There was
one man on her -- a landsman. The crew had thought she would
founder and had made for the Norwegian coast in the dinghy. I
guess they were all drowned. Well, we took him on board, this
man, and he and the skipper had some long talks in the cabin.
All the baggage we took off with him was one tin box. So far as
I know, the man's name was never mentioned, and on the
second night he disappeared as if he had never been. It was
given out that he had either thrown himself overboard or fallen
overboard in the heavy weather that we were having. Only one
man knew what had happened to him, and that was me, for, with
my own eyes, I saw the skipper tip up his heels and put him over
the rail in the middle watch of a dark night, two days before we
sighted the Shetland Lights.
  "Well, I kept my knowledge to myself, and waited to see
what would come of it. When we got back to Scotland it was
easily hushed up, and nobody asked any questions. A stranger
died by accident, and it was nobody's business to inquire. Shortly
after Peter Carey gave up the sea, and it was long years before I
could find where he was. I guessed that he had done the deed for
the sake of what was in that tin box, and that he could afford
now to pay me well for keeping my mouth shut.
  "I found out where he was through a sailor man that had met
him in London, and down I went to squeeze him. The first night
he was reasonable enough, and was ready to give me what would
make me free of the sea for life. We were to fix it all two nights
later. When I came, I found him three parts drunk and in a vile
temper. We sat down and we drank and we yarned about old
times, but the more he drank the less I liked the look on his face.
I spotted that harpoon upon the wall, and I thought I might need
it before I was through. Then at last he broke out at me, spitting
and cursing, with murder in his eyes and a great clasp-knife in his
hand. He had not time to get it from the sheath before I had the
harpoon through him. Heavens! what a yell he gave! and his face
gets between me and my sleep. I stood there, with his blood
splashing round me, and I waited for a bit, but all was quiet, so l
took heart once more. I looked round, and there was the tin box
on the shelf. I had as much right to it as Peter Carey, anyhow, so
I took it with me and left the hut. Like a fool I left my
baccy-pouch upon the table.
  "Now I'll tell you the queerest part of the whole story. I had
hardly got outside the hut when I heard someone coming, and I
hid among the bushes. A man came slinking along, went into the
hut, gave a cry as if he had seen a ghost, and legged it as hard as
he could run until he was out of sight. Who he was or what he
wanted is more than I can tell. For my part I walked ten miles,
got a train at Tunbridge Wells, and so reached London, and no
one the wiser.
  "Well, when I came to examine the box I found there was no
money in it, and nothing but papers that I would not dare to sell.
I had lost my hold on Black Peter and was stranded in London
without a shilling. There was only my trade left. I saw these
advertisements about harpooners, and high wages, so I went to
the shipping agents, and they sent me here. That's all I know
and I say again that if I killed Bllck Peter, the law should give
me thanks, for I saved them the price of a hempen rope."
  "A very clear statement," said Holmes, rising and lighting his
pipe. "I think, Hopkins, that you should lose no time in convey-
ing your prisoner to a place of safety. This room is not well
adapted for a cell, and Mr. Patrick Cairns occupies too large a
proportion of our carpet."
  "Mr. Holmes," said Hopkins, "I do not know how to express
my gratitude. Even now I do not understand how you attained
this result."
  "Simply by having the good fortune to get the right clue from
the beginning. It is very possible if I had known about this
notebook it might have led away my thoughts, as it did yours.
But all I heard pointed in the one direction. The amazing strength,
the skill in the use of the harpoon, the rum and water, the
sealskin tobacco-pouch with the coarse tobacco -- all these pointed
to a seaman, and one who had been a whaler. I was convinced
that the initials 'P. C.' upon the pouch were a coincidence, and
not those of Peter Carey, since he seldom smoked, and no pipe
was found in his cabin. You remember that I asked whether
whisky and brandy were in the cabin. You said they were. How
many landsmen are there who would drink rum when they could
get these other spirits? Yes, I was ccrtain it was a seaman."
  "And how did you find him?"
  "My dear sir, the problem had become a very simple one. If it
were a seaman, it could only be a seaman who had been with
him on the Sea Unicorn. So far as I could learn he had sailed in
no other ship. I spent three days in wiring to Dundee, and at the
end of that time I had ascertained the names of the crew of the
Sea Unicorn in 1883. When I found Patrick Cairns among the
harpooners, my research was nearing its end. I argued that the
man was probably in London, and that he would desire to leave
the country for a time. I therefore spent some days in the East
End, devised an Arctic expedition, put forth tempting terms for
harpooners who would serve under Captain Basil -- and behold
the result!"
  "Wonderful!" cried Hopkins. "Wonderful!"
  "You must obtain the release of young Neligan as soon as
possible," said Holmes. "I confess that I think you owe him
some apology. The tin box must be returned to him, but, of
course, the securities which Peter Carey has sold are lost forever.
There's the cab, Hopkins, and you can remove your man. If you
want me for the trial, my address and that of Watson will be
somewhere in Norway -- I'll send particulars later."
                           THE BIRDLOVER'S HOLIDAY
                                     Copyright 1991, Andrew P. Varga
              It was just before dawn.  Tom began another vigil,
          staring through the snowstorm at the dark shape in his
          back yard.
          It had been a pleasant morning ritual for a year, give or
          take a few days.  He smiled, remembering his delight at
          unwrapping the package from Alice and the kids.  It was
          the biggest bird feeder he'd ever seen.  He'd chipped the
          hole and forced the post into the frozen earth that very
          day.
              Every morning since, he'd come down to the den extra
          early, before Alice and the kids got up.  He'd sit in his
          favorite chair, sip the day's first cup of coffee, and
          wake up to the variety of birds that came to feed.
              There were many sparrows, of course.  A small group
          that seemed to keep pretty much to itself consisted
          entirely of a rare English variety.  There were two
          regular pairs of bright red cardinals.  One pair Tom had
          traced to their nest in the big oak that grew in the
          Burke's front lawn, three houses down.  A family of
          nuthatches had made a home in a small hollow in the old
          maple out behind the garage.  Numerous robins and
          red-winged blackbirds had come and gone throughout the
          summer.
              His favorite had been a big old bluejay he'd
          affectionately named Sam.  Sam came to the feeder
          regularly twice a week, Monday and Thursday mornings
          between six and six-thirty.
          But something changed.  For nearly two weeks the feeder
          sat, full and untouched.  Winter had come early and with
          enthusiasm.  He could think of no reason other than maybe
          squirrels were trying to help themselves to the seeds.
          Tom wallowed through the drifts to check the feeder every
          morning as he left for work.  If there had been any
          tracks, he hadn't seen them.
              He'd found a clue the morning before.  A frozen drop
          of blood and a blue feather lay in the snow at the base of
          the post.
              That very evening, after the children had been put to
          bed, he loaded his .22 caliber rifle and carefully hid it
          in the closet by the back door.
              Suddenly, Tom stiffened in his chair.  Something moved
          out there in the morning twilight!
              There it was again!  Something was moving in the
          shadow under the bush by the bird feeder!
              Hurrying through the kitchen and into the back room,
          Tom yanked his boots on over his bare feet and hurried
          into his coat.  He felt in the pocket for the flashlight
          he'd tucked away there to keep the kids from swiping its
          batteries.  Taking the rifle from the closet, he snuck out
          the back door.
          The snow was drifted deep and billowed over the tops of
          his boots, melting against his thin pajamas.  The icy wind
          made his eyes water.
              Crouching, he searched for a sign of the concrete
          walk.  He slapped the flashlight against the side of his
          leg a few times before it came on.  Someone had traded
          batteries.  He made a mental note to have a talk with Tom
          junior.
              Tom pointed the yellowing beam toward the bush.  He
          thought he could just make out a shape underneath.
          Suddenly there were two glowing reflections shining back
          at him.
              As he raised the rifle, the flashlight went dead and
          the reflections disappeared.
              Tom took aim in the general direction of where they
          had been a moment ago.  The rifle made a soft "Putt," the
          sound muffled in the wind.
              He wallowed toward it through the drifts.  He squinted
          hard as he crouched low beneath the winter-burdened
          branches.
          Tom's face was only inches away from it when a violent
          sneeze sent him reeling back into the snowbank.  He knew
          what it was.  Crawling back under the bush, he felt around
          for something that resembled fur.
              It was Puffy, the next door neighbor's white Angora.
          Puffy had a dark wet spot just over one eye.  "Glad the
          Randolfs are visiting her parents for the holidays," he
          muttered.
              As he stood and turned toward the house, he saw his
          bedroom light go on.  "Damn!" he said to himself.  "Alice
          is up.  Now what am I going to do?"
          Tom hurried through the snow toward the garage holding
          Puffy at arms length before him.  Under different
          circumstances, Tom would probably have missed the bulge in
          the snow that hid son Randy's neglected skateboard.
              Puffy flew one way and the rifle the other as Tom
          landed.  He wallowed among the drifts on all fours,
          searching.  Finding both with numbing fingers, he slogged
          his way to the garage.
              He grabbed the handle to the overhead door.  Locked.
           His keys were in the pocket of his pants, upstairs in his
          bedroom.
              Kicking a small grave in the snowdrift by the garage,
          he dashed as best as he could back into the house. Yanking
          off his boots, he returned the rifle to the closet and ran
          through the kitchen and around to the stairs.  He listened
          carefully as he snuck up them.
              Peeking around the corner at the top, he smiled to
          himself.  The bathroom light squinted around the closed
          door.  He tiptoed past it and down the hall to their
          bedroom.  Finding his pants on the chair, he silently
          withdrew his keys.
              Turning to go, he stubbed his toe hard on the edge of
          the dresser that he'd helped Alice move the day before.
          Fighting against the need to scream in pain, Tom limped
          back along the hallway and down the stairs.
              Returning to the back room, he gingerly stepped into
          his house slippers.  His toes had already swollen too much
          to fit into his boots.
              Again outdoors, he hurried to the garage. The snow
          stuck to his already wet pajamas and started to freeze.
          It was a few long minutes before he found Puffy.  He
          opened the garage door, slung the dead cat inside, closed
          it, and hurried back to the house.  Alice was waiting for
          him in the back room.
              "Your face is flushed, Tom.  Are you coming down with
          something?."
              He got as far as, "No, I'm fi . . . fi . . ." before
          a sneeze seemed to shake the house.
              "You've got a cold.  I'll make some hot lemonade."
              Tom flinched.  He hated hot lemonade.
              "And what did you expect, running around out there in
          your pajamas.  Did you stoke the furnace?"
              "I was just about to, Dear."  Tom replied, his mind
          scrambling for a plausible excuse. "Coal!  We're running
          low on coal.  I thought I'd get some firewood, to sort of
          stretch it out."
              Alice's eyes widened.  "Okay, so where is it?"
              "Oh, I forgot," He quickly turned to the door.
              "Tom!" she called after him.  "What were you doing in
          the garage?"
              Tom slowly turned to her and forced a smile, again
          scrambling for an answer.  "It's too close to Christmas to
          ask."
              "Oh, okay," she smiled.  "Well hurry up with the
          furnace, the children will be up soon.  Breakfast will be
          ready when you're done."
              Tom had a little trouble bringing in the wood.  The
          legs of his pajamas had frozen stiff, making it difficult
          to bend his knees.  He had even more trouble getting the
          furnace going, there were no embers left from the night
          before.
              Mid-morning found him breakfasted, bathed, and
          relaxing in his favorite chair to the morning newspaper.
              "Hey Dad," Tom Jr. asked as he and his brothers and
          sisters filed into the den, "can I have the keys to the
          garage?"
              Tom didn't look up.  Nothing could budge him from his
          paper.  If he had looked, he would have seen five large
          bundles of clothing.  At a glance, it was impossible to
          tell that each held a now sweating child.
              We're going sledding," eleven year old Stacy
          announced.
              "Yeah, Dad," Tom Jr. said, talking louder with each
          word.  "And the sleds are in the GARAGE - "
              Tom was halfway through the kitchen before his paper
          hit the floor.  "I'll get them, kids," he called back over
          his shouldering.  "Its cold outside.  You all stay right
          here."
              He dashed into the garage and began a desperate search
          for Puffy's remains.  Just as he pulled the stiffening
          form from where it had landed in the corner behind Alice's
          stack of planting pots, he heard a voice call from the
          house, "Having trouble Dad?"
              Desperately searching for a way to dispose of Puffy,
          Tom jammed it into one of the plastic ice cream tubs that
          Alice always saved.
              "Yeah, I'm having a problem," he said to himself as he
          fought to snap the stiff plastic lid.
              Hearing the back door slam, he just managed to tuck
          the frozen container inside his shirt as all five children
          waddled into the garage.
              "Whatcha got, Daddy?" four year old Jenny asked.
              Tom stood in the corner, trapped.
              "Don't ask!" Tom Jr hushed his sister.
              Tom's face turned stern as he fought to collect his
          dignity.  He slowly walked toward the door, and his five
          children.  He heard "Christmas presents!" whispered among
          them as he passed and sighed with relief.
              Once inside, Tom ran in circles through the kitchen,
          searching for a safe place to hide the tub.
              "Creak" went the floorboard in the living room.  Alice
          was coming.
              Tom put Puffy in the only place he could find, the
          freezer.  He'd just closed the door as Alice entered.
              "Stay out of the goodies," she smilingly scolded.
          "All that stuff is for tomorrow's Christmas dinner."
              At lunch all the children were excitedly chattering
          about what they'd seen in the back yard.  The boys decided
          that pirates had come in the night to dig up their
          treasure chest, uncovered Randy's skateboard instead, and
          got into a sword fight.  Tom Junior had found frozen drops
          of blood as proof.
              Tom noticed oldest daughter Julie frowning.
              "Hey, Jewel," he said, "looks like something's
          bothering you, yes?"
              She nodded in affirmation.
              "Well out with it, Honey.  I can't help if I don't
          know what it is."
              "She can't talk," Stacy explained.
              "Whatsa matter," Randy teased, "cat got your tongue?"
              Tom flinched.
              "Shut up, Randy," Julie told her brother, "or else."
              Randy fell silent, not from his sister's threat but
          because of the look Tom shot at him.
              "It's the Randolfs," she told her father.
              "But they're not even home," Tom replied.  "How can
          they be a problem?"
              "You like the Randolfs," Alice added.  "They're very
          nice people."
              "I know they are, Mommy," Julie replied.  "That's why
          I offered to feed Puffy for them while they're gone."
              Tom gulped.
              Julie continued, "I went over to feed her a little
          while ago but I can't find her anywhere.  And her food
          dish is still full from yesterday."
              "Don't worry, Dear," Alice comforted. "I'm sure
          Puffy's around somewhere.  Right Tom?"
              "Ugh, yes, yes, I'm sure."  Tom started to sweat.
          "Cats like to wander around, Jewel.  But I'm sure that
          little Puffy hasn't gotten very far away."
              "Promise, Daddy?" Julie's worry started to dissipate.
              "I promise."
              The rest of the day went well with everyone laughingly
          wrapping presents and whispering Christmas secrets.
              Evening found the family happily relaxing in the
          living room.
              "Mommy," Stacy asked, "can we have some ice cream
          before we go to bed?"
              "Yeah!  Please?  Can we?" the others chimed in.
              Tom was in the kitchen before Alice could answer.
          "I'll get it," he called.
              He quickly reached into the freezer and, grabbing the
          plastic tub, dashed to the basement.  He tossed it into
          the coal bin before running back upstairs.
              Alice was in the kitchen when he returned.  "Since
          when do we keep ice cream in the basement?" she asked.
              All Tom could do was put on his `I don't know what
          you're talking about' smile and shrug his shoulders.
              Alice went to the freezer and removed a plastic tub
          identical to the one Tom had just disposed of.  He gasped
          as she pried open the lid.
              "What's wrong with you?" she asked, scooping vanilla
          ice cream into the dishes.  Tom only sneezed, and was
          given another dose of hot lemonade.
              It took longer than usual for the children to get to
          sleep, what with it being Christmas eve.  It was almost
          four in the morning by the time Tom and Alice, having
          finished their Christmas preparations, trudged wearily
          upstairs for bed.
              Alice stopped at the top of the stairs.  "Oh darn, I
          forgot to put the turkey in the oven."
              "Can't it wait?"
              "It can if you don't want Christmas dinner until seven
          thirty at night."
              "I get your point."
              "It won't take but a couple of minutes.  Why don't you
          stoke the furnace while I'm putting it in?  That way the
          house will be warm when the children get up."
              Tom trudged to the basement.  He opened the door to
          the coal bin and jumped in fright as the white container
          rolled out.
              "Damned cats are more trouble," he muttered as he
          stoked the furnace.
              "I'll fix you,"  He threw the tub on top of the pile
          of coal and slammed the heavy furnace door.  He waited to
          be sure he wasn't going to sneeze before going upstairs.
              The next thing Tom remembered was Alice shaking him.
          "Come on, Tom," she was saying, "the children are up."
              "What time is it?"
              "A little after six."
              "Tell them to wait."
              "Come on, Tom, its Christmas morning!"
              "All right, all right."
              "I'll get them to wait until you've got a fire started
          in the fireplace."
              "The fireplace?"
              "It looks so Christmassy with a fire in the fireplace.
          We do it every year."
              Tom stumbled downstairs and got the fire going.
              "All right," he called. "Its all ready.  Merry . . .
          ah-CHOO . . . Christmas!"
             The children bounded down the stairs, followed closely
          by Alice.
              Packages were excitedly ripped open amid peals of
          laughter and joy.
              "What's that funny smell?" Randy asked.  Everyone
          paused.
              "Smells like something's burning!" Tom Jr. exclaimed.
              "Oh my, the turkey!"  Alice raced to the kitchen.
              "Sure is a funny smell," Julie said.
              "I don't smell anything," Tom said, searching faces
          for support.
              Alice came back from the kitchen with a puzzled look
          on her face.  "Its not the turkey."
              "Smells like burning hair," Stacy said seriously.
              Jenny began to cry.
              "What's wrong, Jen?" Tom asked.
              Jenny sobbed something to Randy, whose face instantly
          took on a most serious, worried look.  "She thinks that
          Santa Clause got stuck in the chimney and Dad put him on
          fire."
              "That's impossible," Tom Jr. scoffed.  "Santa Clause
          is . . . "
              "Santa is magic," Alice interrupted.  "And because
          he's magic, its absolutely impossible for him to get stuck
          in a chimney."
              Jenny gradually stopped crying.
              "Okay," Stacy agreed, "so what's that smell?"
              "I don't sbell anything," Tom stifled a sneeze.
              "You need some more hot lemonade," Alice told him.
              "Please no, Honey.  I don't need any bore lemonade.
          Please Alice, it's Christbus.  I just deed a kleedex."
              Tom stood slowly and shuffled into the den.  Slumping
          into his favorite chair, he held a tissue to his nose.
              He smiled as he turned to see the birds flocking to
          his feeder.
	"Gimme another cigarette here."
	Mark extended his hand and waited as Jamie dropped a cigarette into
	it.
	"A Cancer," Dave said.
	Mark didn't look up.  "You don't mind, do you?"
	"No, go ahead.  But they're really cancers.  That's what they should be
 called, anyway."
	"Yeah," Mark replied, legs shifting and hitting an array of bottles
and cans that they had laying there.
	"Is there anything left in that bottle?" Dave asked him.
	"No," Mark said, eyes focused outside on the snow.
	They were sitting on the paneled floor of Dave's new apartment.  Mark,
with his back to the droning heater, was closest to the balcony.  The smoke
from his cigarette drifted to the ceiling, where it lingered and slowly ebbed.
Jamie was sipping a cola next to him.  Dave was across from the two of them,
sitting Indian-style.  The walls of his apartment were painted in bland colors,
centering on pale yellows and deep grays.  They were in the living room, which
had Dave's extensive stereo already plugged in and playing his AC/DC,
but was otherwise completely bare.  There were two doorways on the other side
of the room, one which led to the bedroom and bathroom, the other to the
kitchen, a small sitting room and eventually the front door.
	They'd been cleaning the place up and moving things in since Jamie got
home from school, which was about four o'clock, and were taking a break.  The bed
had been the hardest of all to bring in, for it had barely fit in the doorway.
After that, they had moved Dave's small fridge, the stereo, a dresser and an
assortment of breakables in.
	Jamie turned and looked at Mark, whose eyes were still fixed outside.
It was late in the day and rush hour traffic was at its peak.  Many of the
motorists, having a fourty-five minute trip into the city, drove impatiently
toward the highway ramp.  Leaves, laying
in piles by the road, were motionless and smattered with snow.  Across
the street, an ice cream shop, closed for the season, was flanked on both sides
by a sparse northeast Ohio woods.  The large painted cone on the structure's 
front, covered with a light sprinkling of snow on top, looked like it was
to be a celestial treat for the gods.  About 100 yards to the left the big 
rotating sign of a supermarket turned but went nowhere.
	"This might be a bad one," Jamie said as the snow continued to fall.
	"Yeah," Mark said between puffs.  "It's been this way every year.  The
first snowfall is always rotten.  At least you have heat, Dave."
	"Yeah, but you're going to have to show me how to use the thermostat.
You know how I am with these things.  I couldn't figure it out on my own."
 	"Don't worry," said Jamie.  "You know, I can't believe that 
you've finally did it!  Out of all of us, you've been the first to move away
from home.  And this is a nice place, too.  Close enough to your parents and
us that if you need anything.."
	"..but far enough to get away from it all," Dave interjected.
	They sat there for a while, Dave with his head in his knees, 
Mark still gazing out the window, only moving to drop his ashes into the almost
empty pop can beside him.  Jamie, staring at the two of them, started to feel
a bit uneasy and said something to break the silence:  "You know, it seems like
it was just yesterday when we were kids.  Remember Dave, the time when you
first got a skateboard?  Mark and I had wanted so badly to ride it, and you 
wouldn't let us - 'til we stole it and I fell and skinned my knee something
awful.  Remember?  I still have sort of a mark on my right knee.  
Or how about when we'd all play tag in the woods?  We were always too scared to
go near that old shack across the creek, even when we were twelve or thirteen.
Remember that?"
	"Yeah," Dave said.  "That was a long time ago.  And if I remember
correctly, it was YOU that was scared to go near that shack.  Mark and I hid
our Playboys there."
	"You guys did not!"  She smiled.
	Mark laughed at the childhood flashback.  "It was a good spot till that
Bryan Cummings kid - was that his name? - found them and took them home."
	"Hey, I remember him," Jamie said.  "He was a real jerk.  I'm glad he
moved."
	"Yeah, he was the one who was always mocking the girls in the
playground.. no one seemed to like him too much," Dave said.
	"Hey, uh.. guys?  I think we'd better get to moving the rest of the
stuff in, or we'll be sittin' here talkin' all night," said Mark.  
	The three of them walked out into the lobby, which was carpeted in
dark green and whose walls were papered in a garish silver and blue print.
Jamie gave a weak smile to an older man sitting in one of the worn,
tattered lobby couches.  The charisma of his youth was long gone and the 
wink he had meant as a pass came off as an obscene gesture.
Mark's van was parked by the side enterence, and they stood by the back
hatch, which Mark unlocked and looked inside.  "Let's see here, Dave, we've got
your couch, the table, two more chairs and lots of clothes."
	"I guess I'll take the clothes," Dave said.  Flakes of snow stuck to
his glasses and wet his blond hair.
	Jamie was comfortable in her suede jacket, and her long, auburn hair
kept her head sort of warm, but Mark, who said he was cold, had no intention
of lingering in the winter weather.  He handed a chair to Jamie and took one
for himself.  Their loads were brought back to the apartment, after which they
came back down for the couch.  In passing the lobby, Jamie saw the old man
wink again.  It made her feel a bit uncomfortable.  She took a deep breath,
and released it when they went outside, where it became a cold wisp of vapor
for a brief moment.
	"Doesn't it smell good out here?" Dave asked.
	"Yeah," said Jamie.  "It's kinda fresh, countryish sorta."
	"This IS the country, sorta," said Mark.
 	Jamie thought for a second.  "Hmm, maybe that's why."
	"Jamie, you wanna hold that end?  I can't carry this couch alone."
	They brought it up to the room, and on their last trip down for the
table, Jamie made sure not to look in the direction of the old man on the
couch, who erupted into a fit of coughing.  The table was suprisingly
lightwieght and the three of them were able to bring it up with ease.  After
things were pretty much in order, the three of them were feeling parched and
hungry.  "It's only eight-thirty on a Friday night," Mark said.  "Hell, we
should order something.  You guys wanna go pick some pizza up or somethin'?"
	Dave stood up.  "Anything but Chinese food, I don't want to be hungry
a half hour later!"
	"Yeah, I'm starving," Jamie said from the couch.  She got up, put her
jacket on over her sweater, and lit up a cigarette.  She motioned the box to
Mark, who eagerly took one.  She then handed Dave his white cane.
	"How do I look?" he asked.
	"Great," she said.  "Really."
	He appeared exalted through his mirrored shades.
	put something in here.
	They locked the apartment and loaded up into Mark's car.  This time
Jamie didn't notice the old man at all, she was too busy talking to her
friends.
                           BLUEBEARD
   Once upon a time... in the fair land of France, there lived a very powerful 
lord, the owner of estates, farms and a great splendid castle, and his name was
Bluebeard. This wasn't his real name, it was a nickname, due to the fact he had
a long shaggy black beard with glints of blue in it. He was very handsome and
charming, but, if the truth be told, there was something about him that made 
you feel respect, and a little uneasy...
   Bluebeard often went away to war, and when he did, he left his wife in 
charge of the castle... He had had lots of wives, all young, pretty and noble.
As bad luck would have it, one after the other, they had all died, and so the
noble lord was forever getting married again.
   "Sire," someone would ask now and again, "what did your wives die of?"
   "Hah, my friend," Bluebeard would reply, "one died of smallpox, one of a 
hidden sickness, another of a high fever, another of a terrible infection...
Ah, I'm very unlucky, and they're unlucky too! They're all buried in the castle
chapel," he added. Nobody found anything strange about that. Nor did the sweet
and beautiful young girl that Bluebeard took as a wife think it strange either.
She went to the castle accompanied by her sister Anna, who said:
   "Oh, aren't you lucky marrying a lord like Bluebeard?"
   "He really is very nice... and when you're close, his beard doesn't look as
blue as folk say!" said the bride, and the two sisters giggled delightedly.
Poor souls! They had no idea what lay in store for them!...
   A month or so later, Bluebeard had the carriage brought round and said to
his wife, "Darling, I must leave you for a few weeks. But keep cheerful during
that time, invite whoever you like and look after the castle. Here," he added,
handing his bride a bunch of keys, "you'll need these, the keys of the safe,
the armoury and the library keys, and this one, which opens all the room doors.
Now, this little key here," and he pointed to a key that was much smalle than
the others, "opens the little room at the end of the great ground floor 
corridor. Take your friends were you want, open any door you like, but not this
one! Is that quite clear?" repeated Bluebeard. "Not this one! Nobody at all is
allowed to enter that little room. And if you ever did go into it, I would go 
into such a terrible rage that it's better that you don't!"
   "Don't worry, husband," said Bluebeard's wife as she took the keys, "I'll do
as you say." After giving her a hug, Bluebeard got into his carriage, whipped
up the horses and off he went.
   The days went by. The young girl invited her friends to the castle and
showed them round all the rooms except the one at the end of the corridor.
   "Why shouldn't I see inside the little room? Why? Why is it forbidden?" 
Well, she thought about it so much that she ended up bursting with curiosity,
until one day she opened the door and walked into the little room... Of all
ghastly horrors! Inside, hanging on the walls were the bodies of Bluebeard's
wivws: he had strangled them all with his own hands!
   Terror stricken, the girl ran out of the room, but the bunch of keys slipped
from her grasp. She picked them up without a glance and hurried to her own
room, her heart thumping wildly in her chest. Horrors! She was living ina 
castle of the dead! So that is what had ahppened to Bluebeard's other wives!
   The girl summoned up her courage and she noticed that one of the keys - the
very key to the little room - was stained with blood.
   "I must wipe it clean, before my husband comes back!" she said to herself.
But try as she would, the blood stain wouldn't wash away. She washed, she
scrubbed and she rinsed it; all in vain, for the key was still red. That very
evening, Bluebeard came home. Just imagine the state his poor wife was in!
   Bluebeard did not ask his wife for the keys that same evening, but he
remarked:
   "You look a little upset, darling. Has anything nasty happened?"
   "Oh, no! No!"
   "Are you sorry I came back so soon?"
   "Oh, no! I'm delighted!" But that night, the bride didn't sleep a wink. Next
day, Bluebeard said:
   "Darling, give me back the keys," and his wife hurriedly did so. Bluebeard
remarked: "There's one missing, the key to the little room!"
   "Is there?" said the young girl shaking,
   "I must have left it in my room!"
   "All right, go and get it." But when Bluebeard's wife put the key into his
hand, Bluebeard turned white and in a deep hoarse voice demanded:
   "Why is this key stained with blood?"
   "I don't know..." stammered his wife.
   "You know very well!" he retorted. "You went into the little room, didn't 
you? Well, you'll go back again, this time for good, along with the other 
ladies in there. You must die!"
   "Oh no! I pray you!"
   "You must die!" he repeated. Just then, there was a knock at the door and
Anna, Bluebeard's wife's sister, entered the castle.
   "Good morning," she said, "you seem rather pale."
   "Not at all, we're quite well," replied Bluebeard. His wife whispered in his
ear:
   "Please, please give me ten minutes to live!" Bluebeard replied:
   "Not more than ten!" The girl ran to her sister Anna whohad gone up to one
of the towers and asked her,
   "Anna, do you see ou brothers coming? They promised they would come and see
me today!" But Anna replied"
   "No, I don't see anyone. What's wrong? You look agitated."
   "Anna, please," said the shaken girl, "look again! Are you sure you can't
see someone?"
   "No," said her sister, "only one or two peasants." Just then the voice of
Bluebeard boomed up to them:
   "Wife, your time is up! Come here!"
   "I'm coming!" she called, but then said to her sister: "Oh Anna, aren't our
brothers coming?..."
   "No," replied Anna. Again Bluebeard shouted up.
   "Come down at once! Or I'll come up!" Trembling like a leaf, his wife went
downstairs. Bluebeard was clutching a big knife and he grabbed his bride by the
hair...
   "Sister, I can see two horsemen coming!" called out Anna from the tower that
very moment. Bluebeard made a horrible face:
   "They too will die!" His wife knelt to implore:
   "Please, please don't kill me. I'll never tell anyone what I saw! I'll never
say a word!"
   "Yes, you'll never say a word for eternity!" snarled Bluebeard, raising his 
knife. The poor girl screamed:
   "Have pity on me!" But he fiercely replied:
   "No! You must die!" He was about to bring the knife down on the girl's
delicate neck, when two young men burst into the room: a dragoon and a 
musketeer. They were his wife's brothers.
   Drawing their swords, they leapt towards Bluebeard, who tried to flee up
some stairs, but was caught and killed. And that was the end of the sad story.
Bluebeard's poor wives were given a Christian burial, the castle was completely
renovated and the young widow, some time later, married a good and honest young
man, who helped her to forget the terrible adventure. And that young lady
completely lost all her sense of curiosity...
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
           (313)558-5024 {14.4} (313)558-5517
              A BBS for text file junkies
              RPGNet GM File Archive Site
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
         The Adventure of the Bruce-Partington Plans
  In the third week of November, in the year 1895, a dense yellow
fog settled down upon London. From the Monday to the Thurs-
day I doubt whether it was ever possible from our windows in
Baker Street to see the loom of the opposite houses. The first day
Holmes had spent in cross-indexing his huge book of references.
The second and third had been patiently occupied upon a subject
which he had recently made his hobby -- the music of the Middle
Ages. But when, for the fourth time, after pushing back our
chairs from breakfast we saw the greasy, heavy brown swirl still
drifting past us and condensing in oily drops upon the window-
panes, my comrade's impatient and active nature could endure
this drab existence no longer. He paced restlessly about our
sitting-room in a fever of suppressed energy, biting his nails,
tapping the furniture, and chafing against inaction.
  "Nothing of interest in the paper, Watson?" he said.
  I was aware that by anything of interest, Holmes meant any-
thing of criminal interest. There was the news of a revolution, of
a possible war, and of an impending change of government; but
these did not come within the horizon of my companion. I could
see nothing recorded in the shape of crime which was not
commonplace and futile. Holmes groaned and resumed his rest-
less meanderings.
  "The London criminal is certainly a dull fellow," said he in
the querulous voice of the sportsman whose game has failed him.
"Look out of this window, Watson. See how the figures loom
up, are dimly seen, and then blend once more into the cloud-
bank. The thief or the murderer could roam London on such a
day as the tiger does the jungle, unseen until he pounces, and
then evident only to his victim."
  "There have," said I, "been numerous petty thefts."
  Holmes snorted his contempt.
  "This great and sombre stage is set for something more
worthy than that," said he. "It is fortunate for this community
that I am not a criminal."
  "It is, indeed!" said I heartily.
  "Suppose that I were Brooks or Woodhouse, or any of the fifty
men who have good reason for taking my life, how long could I
survive against my own pursuit? A summons, a bogus appointment,
and all would be over. It is well they don't have days of fog in
the Latin countries -- the countries of assassination. By Jove! here
comes something at last to break our dead monotony."
  It was the maid with a telegram. Holmes tore it open and burst
out laughing.
  "Well, well! What next?" said he. "Brother Mycroft is com-
ing round."
  "Why not?" I asked.
  "Why not? It is as if you met a tram-car coming down a
country lane. Mycroft has his rails and he runs on them. His Pall
Mall lodgings, the Diogenes Club, Whitehall -- that is his cycle.
Once, and only once, he has been here. What upheaval can
possibly have derailed him?"
  "Does he not explain?"
  Holmes handed me his brother's telegram.
         Must see you over Cadogan West. Coming at once.
                                                MYCROFT.
  "Cadogan West? I have heard the name."
  "It recalls nothing to my mind. But that Mycroft should break
out in this erratic fashion! A planet might as well leave its orbit.
By the way, do you know what Mycroft is?"
  I had some vague recollection of an explanation at the time of
the Adventure of the Greek Interpreter.
  "You told me that he had some small office under the British
government."
  Holmes chuckled.
  "I did not know you quite so well in those days. One has to
be discreet when one talks of high matters of state. You are
right in thinking that he is under the British government. You
would also be right in a sense if you said that occasionally
he is the British government."
  "My dear Holmes!"
  "I thought I might surprise you. Mycroft draws four hundred
and fifty pounds a year, remains a subordinate, has no ambitions
of any kind, will receive neither honour nor title, but remains the
most indispensable man in the country."
  "But how?"
  "Well, his position is unique. He has made it for himself.
There has never been anything like it before, nor will be again.
He has the tidiest and most orderly brain, with the greatest
capacity for storing facts, of any man living. The same great
powers which I have turned to the detection of crime he has used
for this particular business. The conclusions of every department
are passed to him, and he is the central exchange, the clearing-
house, which makes out the balance. All other men are special-
ists, but his specialism is omniscience. We will suppose that a
minister needs information as to a point which involves the
Navy, India, Canada and the bimetallic question; he could get
his separate advices from various departments upon each, but
only Mycroft can focus them all, and say offhand how each
factor would affect the other. They began by using him as a
short-cut, a convenience; now he has made himself an essential.
In that great brain of his everything is pigeon-holed and can be
handed out in an instant. Again and again his word has decided
the national policy. He lives in it. He thinks of nothing else save
when, as an intellectual exercise, he unbends if I call upon him
and ask him to advise me on one of my little problems. But
Jupiter is descending to-day. What on earth can it mean? Who is
Cadogan West, and what is he to Mycroft?"
  "I have it," I cried, and plunged among the litter of papers
upon the sofa. "Yes, yes, here he is, sure enough! Cadogan
West was the young man who was found dead on the Under-
ground on Tuesday morning."
  Holmes sat up at attention, his pipe halfway to his lips.
  "This must be serious, Watson. A death which has caused my
brother to alter his habits can be no ordinary one. What in the
world can he have to do with it? The case was featureless as I
remember it. The young man had apparently fallen out of the train
and killed himself. He had not been robbed, and there was no
particular reason to suspect violence. Is that not so?"
  "There has been an inquest," said I, "and a good many fresh
facts have come out. Looked at more closely, I should certainly
say that it was a curious case."
  "Judging by its effect upon my brother, I should think it must
be a most extraordinary one." He snuggled down in his arm-
chair. "Now, Watson, let us have the facts."
  "The man's name was Arthur Cadogan West. He was twenty-
seven years of age, unmarried, and a clerk at Woolwich Arsenal."
  "Government employ. Behold the link with Brother Mycroft!"
  "He left Woolwich suddenly on Monday night. Was last seen
by his fiancee, Miss Violet Westbury, whom he left abruptly in
the fog about 7:30 that evening. There was no quarrel between
them and she can give no motive for his action. The next thing
heard of him was when his dead body was discovered by a
plate-layer named Mason, just outside Aldgate Station on the
Underground system in London."
  "When?"
  "The body was found at six on the Tuesday morning. It was
lying wide of the metals upon the left hand of the track as one
goes eastward, at a point close to the station, where the line
emerges from the tunnel in which it runs. The head was badly
crushed -- an injury which might well have been caused by a fall
from the train. The body could only have come on the line in
that way. Had it been carried down from any neighbouring
street, it must have passed the station barriers, where a collector
is always standing. This point seems absolutely certain."
  "Very good. The case is definite enough. The man, dead or
alive, either fell or was precipitated from a train. So much is
clear to me. Continue."
  "The trains which traverse the lines of rail beside which the
body was found are those which run from west to east, some
being purely Metropolitan, and some from Willesden and outly-
ing junctions. It can be stated for certain that this young man
when he met his death, was travelling in this direction at some
late hour of the night, but at what point he entered the train it is
impossible to state."
  "His ticket, of course, would show that."
  "There was no ticket in his pockets."
  "No ticket! Dear me, Watson, this is really very singular.
According to my experience it is not possible to reach the
platform of a Metropolitan train without exhibiting one's ticket.
Presumably, then, the young man had one. Was it taken from
him in order to conceal the station from which he came? It is
possible. Or did he drop it in the carriage? That also is possible.
But the point is of curious interest. I understand that there was
no sign of robbery?"
  "Apparently not. There is a list here of his possessions. His
purse contained two pounds fifteen. He had also a check-book on
the Woolwich branch of the Capital and Counties Bank. Through
this his identity was established. There were also two dress-circle
tickets for the Woolwich Theatre, dated for that very evening.
Also a small packet of technical papers."
  Holmes gave an exclamation of satisfaction.
  "There we have it at last, Watson! British government --
Woolwich. Arsenal -- technical papers -- Brother Mycroft, the chain
is complete. But here he comes, if I am not mistaken, to speak
for himself."
  A moment later the tall and portly form of Mycroft Holmes
was ushered into the room. Heavily built and massive, there was
a suggestion of uncouth physical inertia in the figure, but above
this unwieldy frame there was perched a head so masterful in its
brow, so alert in its steel-gray, deep-set eyes, so firm in its lips,
and so subtle in its play of expression, that after the first glance
one forgot the gross body and remembered only the dominant
mind.
  At his heels came our old friend Lestrade, of Scotland Yard --
thin and austere. The gravity of both their faces foretold some
weighty quest. The detective shook hands without a word. Mycroft
Holmes struggled out of his overcoat and subsided into an armchair.
  "A most annoying business, Sherlock," said he. "I extremely
dislike altering my habits, but the powers that be would take no
denial. In the present state of Siam it is most awkward that I
should be away from the office. But it is a real crisis. I have
never seen the Prime Minister so upset. As to the Admiralty -- it
is buzzing like an overturned bee-hive. Have you read up the
case?"
  "We have just done so. What were the technical papers?"
  "Ah, there's the point! Fortunately, it has not come out. The
press would be furious if it did. The papers which this wretched
youth had in his pocket were the plans of the Bruce-Partington
submarine."
  Mycroft Holmes spoke with a solemnity which showed his
sense of the importance of the subject. His brother and I sat
expectant.
  "Surely you have heard of it? I thought everyone had heard of
it."
  "Only as a name."
  "Its importance can hardly be exaggerated. It has been the
most jealously guarded of all government secrets. You may take
it from me that naval warfare becomes impossible within the
radius of a Bruce-Partington's operation. Two years ago a very
large sum was smuggled through the Estimates and was ex-
pended in acquiring a monopoly of the invention. Every effort
has been made to keep the secret. The plans, which are exceed-
ingly intricate, comprising some thirty separate patents, each
essential to the working of the whole, are kept in an elaborate
