                    When you censure the Age,
                    Be cautious and sage,
                  Lest the Courtiers offended should be:
                    If you mention Vice or Bribe,
                    'Tis so pat to all the Tribe;
                  Each cries----That was levell'd at me.
  PEACHUM. Here's poor Ned Clincher's Name, I see. Sure Brother Lockit, 
there was a little unfair Proceeding in Ned's Case: for he told me in the 
Condemn'd Hold, that for Value receiv'd, you had promis'd him a Session 
or two longer without Molestation. 
  LOCKIT. Mr. Peachum----this is the first time my Honour was ever call'd in 
Question.
  PEACHUM. Business is at an end--if once we act dishonourably.
  LOCKIT. Who accuses me?
  PEACHUM. You are warm, Brother.
  LOCKIT. He that attacks my Honour, attacks my Livelihood----And this 
Usage----Sir----is not to be borne.
  PEACHUM. Since you provoke me to speak--I must tell you too, that Mrs. 
Coaxer charges you with defrauding her of her Information-Money, for the 
apprehending of curl-pated Hugh. Indeed, indeed, Brother, we must punctually 
pay our Spies, or we shall have no Information.
  LOCKIT. Is this Language to me, Sirrah,----who have sav'd you from the 
Gallows, Sirrah!                                     [Collaring each other.
  PEACHUM. If I am hang'd it shall be for ridding the World of an arrant 
Rascal.
  LOCKIT. This Hand shall do the office of the Halter you deserve, and 
throttle you----you Dog!----
  PEACHUM. Brother, Brother----We are both in the Wrong----for you know we 
have it in our Power to hang each other. You should not be so passionate.
  LOCKIT. Nor you so provoking.
  PEACHUM. 'Tis our mutual Interest; 'Tis for the Interest of the World we 
should agree. If I said any thing, Brother, to the Prejudice of your 
Character, I ask pardon.
  LOCKIT. Brother Peachum----I can forgive as well as resent.----Give me 
your Hand. Suspicion does not become a Friend.
  PEACHUM. I only meant to give you Occasion to justify yourself. But I must 
now step home, for I expect the Gentleman about this Snuff-box, that 
Filch nimm'd two nights ago in the Park. I appointed him at this Hour. 
                                  Scene 11.
                                LOCKIT, LUCY.
  LOCKIT. Whence come you, Hussy?
  LUCY. My Tears might answer that Question.
  LOCKIT. You have then been whimpering and fondling, like a Spaniel, over 
that Fellow that hath abus'd you.
  LUCY. One can't help Love; one can't cure it. 'Tis not in my Power to obey 
you, and hate him.
  LOCKIT. Learn to bear your Husband's Death like a reasonable Woman. 'Tis 
not the fashion now-a-days, so much as to affect Sorrow upon these 
Occasions. No Woman would ever marry, if she had not the Chance of Mortality 
for a Release. Act like a Woman of Spirit, Hussy, and thank your Father for 
what he is doing.
                   Air XXXI.--Of a noble Race was Shenkin.
                                    LUCY.
                    Is then his fate decreed, Sir?
                      Such a Man can I think of quitting?
                    When first we met, so moves me yet,
                      See how my heart is splitting!
  LOCKIT. Look ye, Lucy--There is no saving him----So, I think, you must 
ev'n do like other Widows----buy yourself Weeds, and be cheerful.
                                 Air XXXII.
                    You'll think ere many Days ensue
                      This Sentence not severe;
                    I hang your Husband, Child, 'tis true,
                      But with him hang your Care.
                        Twang dang dillo dee.
Like a good Wife, go moan over your dying Husband. That, Child, is your 
Duty--Consider, Girl, you can't have the Man and the Money too--so make 
yourself as easy as you can, by getting all you can from him.
                                  Scene 12.
                               LUCY, MACHEATH.
  LUCY. Though the Ordinary was out of the way to-day, I hope, my Dear, you 
will upon the first Opportunity, quiet my Scruples----Oh Sir!----my Father's 
hard heart is not to be soften'd, and I am in the utmost Despair.
  MACHEATH. But if I could raise a small Sum----Would not twenty Guineas, 
think you, move him?----Of all the Arguments in the way of Business, the 
Perquisite is the most prevailing----Your Father's Perquisites for the 
Escape of Prisoners must amount to a considerable Sum in the Year. Money 
well tim'd, and properly apply'd, will do anything.
                         Air XXXIII.--London Ladies.
                    If you at an Office solicit your Due,
                      And would not have Matters neglected;
                    You must quicken the Clerk with the Perquisite too,
                      To do what his Duty directed.
                    Or would you the Frowns of a Lady prevent,
                      She too has this palpable Failing,
                    The Perquisite softens her into Consent:
                      That Reason with all is prevailing.
  LUCY. What Love or Money can do shall be done: for all my Comfort depends 
upon your Safety.
                                  Scene 13.
                           LUCY, MACHEATH, POLLY.
  POLLY. Where is my dear Husband?----Was a Rope ever intended for this 
Neck!----O let me throw my Arms about it, and throttle thee with Love!----
Why dost thou turn away from me?----'Tis thy Polly----'Tis thy Wife.
  MACHEATH. Was there ever such an unfortunate Rascal as I am!
  LUCY. Was there ever such another Villain!
  POLLY. O Macheath! was it for this we parted? Taken! Imprison'd! Try'd! 
Hang'd--cruel Reflection! I'll stay with thee 'till Death--no Force shall 
tear thy dear Wife from thee now.----What means my Love?----Not one kind 
Word! not one kind Look! think what thy Polly suffers to see thee in this 
Condition.
                      Air XXXIV.--All in the Downs, &c.
             Thus when the Swallow, seeking Prey,
               Within the Sash is closely pent,
             His Comfort, with bemoaning Lay,
               Without sits pining for th' Event.
             Her chatt'ring Lovers all around her skim;
             She heeds them not (poor Bird!) her Soul's with him.
  MACHEATH. I must disown her. [Aside] The wench is distracted.
  LUCY. Am I then bilk'd of my Virtue? Can I have no Reparation? Sure Men 
were born to lie, and Women to believe them! O Villain! Villain!
  POLLY. Am I not thy Wife?----Thy Neglect of me, thy Aversion to me too 
severely proves it.----Look at me.----Tell me, am I not thy Wife?
  LUCY. Perfidious Wretch!
  POLLY. Barbarous Husband!
  LUCY. Hadst thou been hang'd five Months ago, I had been happy.
  POLLY. And I too----If you had been kind to me 'till Death, it would not 
have vexed me----And that's no very unreasonable Request, (though from a 
Wife) to a Man who hath not above seven or eight Days to live.
  LUCY. Art thou then married to another? Hast thou two Wives, Monster?
  MACHEATH. If Women's Tongues can cease for an answer----hear me.
  LUCY. I won't.--Flesh and Blood can't bear my Usage.
  POLLY. Shall I not claim my own? Justice bids me speak.
            Air XXXV.--Have you heard of a frolicsome Ditty, &c.
                                  MACHEATH.
                    How happy could I be with either,
                      Were t'other dear Charmer away!
                    But while you thus teaze me together,
                      To neither a Word will I say;
                        But tol de rol, &c.
  POLLY. Sure, my Dear, there ought to be some Preference shown to a Wife! 
At least she may claim the Appearance of it. He must be distracted with his 
Misfortunes, or he could not use me thus.
  LUCY. O Villain, Villain! Thou hast deceiv'd me----I could even inform 
against thee with Pleasure. Not a Prude wishes more heartily to have Facts 
against her intimate Acquaintance than I now wish to have Facts against 
thee. I would have her Satisfaction, and they should all out.
                           Air XXXVI.--Irish Trot.
      POLLY. I am bubbled.
      LUCY.                I'm bubbled.
      POLLY. O how I am troubled!
      LUCY.  Bambouzled, and bit!
      POLLY.                      My Distresses are doubled.
      LUCY.  When you come to the Tree, should the Hangman refuse,
             These Fingers, with Pleasure, could fasten the Noose.
      POLLY. I'm bubbled, &c.
  MACHEATH. Be pacified, my dear Lucy----This is all a Fetch of Polly's to 
make me desperate with you in case I get off. If I am to be hang'd, she 
would fain have the Credit of being thought my Widow----Really, Polly, this 
is no time for a Dispute of this sort; for whenever you are talking of 
Marriage, I am thinking of Hanging.
  POLLY. And hast thou the Heart to persist in disowning me? 
  MACHEATH. And hast thou the Heart to persist in persuading me that I am 
married? Why, Polly, dost thou seek to aggravate my Misfortunes?
  LUCY. Really, Miss Peachum, you but expose yourself. Besides, 'tis 
barbarous in you to worry a Gentleman in his Circumstances.
                                 Air XXXVII.
                                   POLLY.
                         Cease your Funning;
                         Force or Cunning
                       Never shall my Heart trepan.
                         All these Sallies
                         Are but Malice
                       To seduce my constant Man.
                         'Tis most certain,
                         By their flirting
                       Women oft have Envy shown
                         Pleas'd to ruin
                         Others wooing;
                       Never happy in their own!
Decency, Madam, methinks might teach you to behave yourself with some Reserve 
with the Husband, while his Wife is present.
  MACHEATH. But seriously, Polly, this is carrying the Joke a little too 
far.
  LUCY. If you are determin'd, Madam, to raise a Disturbance in the Prison, 
I shall be oblig'd to send for the Turnkey to shew you the Door. I am sorry, 
Madam, you force me to be so ill-bred.
  POLLY. Give me leave to tell you, Madam: These forward Airs don't become 
you in the least, Madam. And my Duty, Madam, obliges me to stay with my 
Husband, Madam.
                   Air XXXVIII.--Good-morrow, Gossip Joan.
                  LUCY.  Why how now, Madam Flirt?
                           If you thus must chatter;
                         And are for flinging Dirt,
                           Let's see who best can spatter;
                                              Madam Flirt!
                  POLLY. Why how now, saucy Jade;
                           Sure the Wench is tipsy!
                         How can you see me made                  [To him.
                           The scoff of such a Gipsy?
                                              Saucy Jade!         [To her.
                                  Scene 14.
                       LUCY, MACHEATH, POLLY, PEACHUM.
  PEACHUM. Where's my Wench? Ah, Hussy! Hussy!----Come you home, you Slut; 
and when your Fellow is hang'd, hang yourself, to make your Family some 
Amends.
  POLLY. Dear, dear Father, do not tear me from him----I must speak; I have 
more to say to him----Oh! twist thy Fetters about me, that he may not haul 
me from thee!
  PEACHUM. Sure all Women are alike! If ever they commit the Folly, they are 
sure to commit another by exposing themselves----Away----Not a Word more----
You are my Prisoner now, Hussy.
                           Air XXXIX.--Irish Howl.
                                   POLLY.
               No Power on Earth can e'er divide
               The Knot that sacred Love hath ty'd.
               When Parents draw against our Mind,
               The True-Love's Knot they faster bind,
                   Oh, oh ray, oh Amborah--oh, oh, &c.
                                     [Holding Macheath, Peachum pulling her.
                                  Scene 15.
                               LUCY, MACHEATH.
  MACHEATH. I am not naturally Compassionate, Wife; so I could not use the 
Wench as she deserv'd; which made you at first suspect there was something 
in what she said.
  LUCY. Indeed, my Dear, I was strangely puzzled.
  MACHEATH. If that had been the Case, her Father would never have brought 
me into this Circumstance----No, Lucy----I had rather die than be false to 
thee.
  LUCY. How happy I am, if you say this from your heart! For I love thee so, 
that I could sooner bear to see thee hang'd than in the Arms of another.
  MACHEATH. But could'st thou bear to see me hang'd?
  LUCY. O Macheath, I can never live to see that Day.
  MACHEATH. You see, Lucy; in the account of Love you are in my debt, and 
you must now be convinc'd, that I rather choose to die than be another's.---
-Make me, if possible, love thee more, and let me owe my Life to thee----If 
you refuse to assist me, Peachum and your Father will immediately put me 
beyond all means of Escape.
  LUCY. My Father, I know, hath been drinking hard with the Prisoners; and I 
fancy he is now taking his Nap in his own Room----If I can procure the Keys, 
shall I go off with thee, my Dear?
  MACHEATH. If we are together, 'twill be impossible to lie conceal'd. As 
soon as the Search begins to be a little cool, I will send to thee----'Till 
then my Heart is thy Prisoner.
  LUCY. Come then, my dear Husband----owe thy life to me----and though you 
love me not----be grateful,----But that Polly runs in my Head strangely.
  MACHEATH. A moment of Time may make us unhappy for ever.
                   Air XL.--The Lass of Patie's Mill, &c.
                                    LUCY.
                      I like the Fox shall grieve,
                        Whose Mate hath left her Side,
                      Whom Hounds from Morn to Eve,
                        Chase o'er the Country wide.
                      Where can my Lover hide?
                        Where cheat the weary Pack?
                      If love be not his Guide,
                        He never will come back!
                          ACT III           SCENE I
                               Scene, Newgate.
                                LOCKIT, LUCY.
  LOCKIT. To be sure, Wench, you must have been aiding and abetting him to 
help him to this Escape.
  LUCY. Sir, here hath been Peachum and his Daughter Polly, and to be sure 
they know the Ways of Newgate as well as if they had been born and bred in 
the Place all their Lives. Why must all your Suspicion light upon me?
  LOCKIT. Lucy, Lucy, I will have none of these shuffling Answers.
  LUCY. Well then----If I know anything of him I wish I may be burnt!
  LOCKIT. Keep your Temper, Lucy, or I shall pronounce you guilty.
  LUCY. Keep yours, Sir,----I do wish I may be burnt. I do----And what can I 
say more to convince you?
  LOCKIT. Did he tip handsomely?----How much did he come down with? Come, 
Hussy, don't cheat your Father; and I shall not be angry with you----
Perhaps, you have made a better Bargain with him than I could have done----
How much, my good Girl?
  LUCY. You know, Sir, I am fond of him, and would have given him money to 
have kept him with me.
  LOCKIT. Ah Lucy! thy Education might have put thee more upon thy Guard; 
for a Girl in the Bar of an ale-house is always besieg'd.
  LUCY. Dear Sir, mention not my Education--for 'twas to that I owe my Ruin.
                  Air XLI.--If Love's a sweet Passion, &c.
               When young at the Bar you first taught me to score,
               And bid me be free of my Lips and no more;
               I was kissed by the Parson, the Squire, and the Sot
               When the guest was departed the Kiss was forgot.
               But his Kiss was so sweet, and so closely he prest,
               That I languish'd and pin'd till I granted the rest.
If you can forgive me, Sir, I will make a fair Confession, for to be sure he 
hath been a most barbarous Villain to me.
  LOCKIT. And so you have let him escape, Hussy----Have you?
  LUCY. When a Woman loves; A kind Look, a tender Word can persuade her to 
anything----and I could ask no other Bribe.
  LOCKIT. Thou wilt always be a vulgar Slut, Lucy.--If you would not be 
look'd upon as a Fool, you should never do anything but upon the foot of 
Interest. Those that act otherwise are their own Bubbles.
  LUCY. But Love, Sir, is a Misfortune that may happen to the most discreet 
Woman, and in Love we are all Fools alike----Notwithstanding all that he 
swore, I am now fully convinc'd that Polly Peachum is actually his Wife.----
Did I let him escape (Fool that I was!) to go to her?----Polly will wheedle 
herself into his Money, and then Peachum will hang him, and cheat us both.
  LOCKIT. And so I am to be ruin'd, because, forsooth, you must be in Love!
----A very pretty Excuse!
  LUCY. I could murder that impudent happy Strumpet:--I gave him his Life, 
and that Creature enjoys the Sweets of it.----Ungrateful Macheath!
                        Air XLII.--South-Sea Ballad.
                    My Love is all Madness and Folly,
                        Alone I lie,
                      Toss, tumble, and cry,
                    What a happy creature is Polly!
                    Was e'er such a Wretch as I!
                    With rage I redden like Scarlet,
                    That my dear inconstant Varlet,
                      Stark blind to my Charms, 
                      Is lost in the Arms
                    Of that Jilt, that inveigling Harlot!
                      Stark blind to my Charms, 
                      Is lost in the Arms
                    Of that Jilt, that inveigling Harlot!
                    This, this my Resentment alarms.
  LOCKIT. And so, after all this Mischief, I must stay here to be 
entertain'd with your Catterwauling, Mistress Puss!----Out of my Sight, 
wanton Strumpet! you shall fast and mortify yourself into Reason, with now 
and then a little handsome Discipline to bring you to your Senses.----Go.
                                  Scene 2.
                                   LOCKIT.
  Peachum then intends to outwit me in this Affair; but I'll be even with 
him.----The Dog is leaky in his Liquor, so I'll ply him that way, get the 
Secret from him, and turn this Affair to my own Advantage.----Lions, Wolves 
and Vultures don't live together in Herds, Droves, or Flocks.----Of all 
Animals of Prey, Man is the only sociable one. Every one of us preys upon 
the other,  and yet we herd together.----Peachum is my Companion, my 
Friend.----According to the Custom of the World, indeed he may quote 
thousands of Precedents for Cheating me----And shall I not make use of the 
Privilege of Friendship to make him a Return. 
                       Air XLIII.--Packington's Pound.
             Thus Gamesters united in Friendship are found,
             Though they know that their Industry all is a Cheat;
             They flock to their Prey at the Dice-Box's Sound,
             And join to promote one another's Deceit.
                 But if by mishap
                 They fail of a Chap,
             To keep in their hands, they each other entrap.
             Like Pikes, lank with Hunger, who miss of their Ends,
             They bite their Companions and prey on their Friends.
Now, Peachum, you and I, like honest Tradesmen are to have a fair Trial 
which of us can overreach the other.----Lucy.----[Enter Lucy.] Are there any 
of Peachum's People now in the House?
  LUCY. Filch, Sir, is drinking a Quartern of Strong-Waters in the next 
Room with Black Moll. 
  LOCKIT. Bid him come to me.
                                  Scene 3.
                               LOCKIT, FILCH.
  LOCKIT. Why, Boy, thou lookest as if thou wert half starv'd, like a shotten 
Herring.
  FILCH. One had need have the Constitution of a Horse to go through with 
the Business.----Since the favourite Child-getter was disabled by a Mishap, 
I have pick'd up a little Money by helping the Ladies to a Pregnancy 
against their being call'd down to Sentence.----But if a Man cannot get an 
honest Livelihood any easier way, I am sure, 'tis what I can't undertake 
for another Session. 
  LOCKIT. Truly, if that great Man should tip off, 'twould be an 
irreparable Loss. The vigor and Prowess of a Knight-Errant never sav'd half 
the Ladies in Distress that he hath done.----But, Boy, canst thou tell me 
where thy Master is to be found? 
  FILCH. At his Lock, Sir, at the Crooked Billet.
  LOCKIT. Very well.--I have nothing more with you. [Exit Filch.] I'll go to 
him there, for I have many important Affairs to settle with him; and in the 
way of these Transactions, I'll artfully get into his Secret----So that 
Macheath shall not remain a Day longer out of my Clutches.
                          Scene 4, A Gaming-House.
       MACHEATH in a fine tarnish'd Coat, BEN BUDGE, MATT OF THE MINT.
  MACHEATH. I am sorry, Gentlemen, the Road was so barren of Money. When my 
Friends are in Difficulties, I am always glad that my Fortune can be 
serviceable to them. [Gives them Money.] You see, Gentlemen, I am not a mere 
Court Friend, who professes every thing and will do nothing.
                          Air XLIV.--Lillibullero.
             The Modes of the Court so common are grown,
               That a true Friend can hardly be met;
             Friendship for Interest is but a Loan,
               Which they let out for what they can get,
                 'Tis true, you find
                 Some Friends so kind,
             Who will give you good Counsel themselves to defend.
                 In sorrowful Ditty,
                 They promise, they pity,
             But shift you for Money, from Friend to Friend.
But we, Gentlemen, still have Honour enough to break through the Corruptions 
of the World.----And while I can serve you, you may command me.
  BEN. It grieves my Heart that so generous a Man should be involv'd in such 
Difficulties, as oblige him to live with such ill Company, and herd with 
Gamesters.
  MATT. See the Partiality of Mankind!----One man may steal a Horse, better 
than another may look over a Hedge.----Of all Mechanics, of all servile 
handi-crafts-men, a Gamester is the vilest. But yet, as many of the Quality 
are of the Profession, he is admitted among the politest Company. I wonder 
we are not more respected.
  MACHEATH. There will be deep Play to-night at Mary-bone, and consequently 
Money may be pick'd up upon the Road. Meet me there, and I'll give you the 
Hint who is worth Setting.
  MATT. The Fellow with a brown Coat with a narrow Gold Binding, I am told, 
is never without Money.
  MACHEATH. What do you mean, Matt?----Sure you will not think of meddling 
with him!----He's a good honest kind of a Fellow, and one of us.
  BEN. To be sure, Sir, we will put ourselves under your Direction.
  MACHEATH. Have an Eye upon the Money-Lenders.----A Rouleau, or two, 
would prove a pretty sort of an Expedition. I hate Extortion.
  MATT. Those Rouleaus are very pretty things.----I hate your Bank Bills.----
There is such a Hazard in putting them off.
  MACHEATH. There is a certain Man of Distinction, who in his Time hath 
nick'd me out of a great deal of the Ready. He is in my Cash, Ben;----I'll 
point him out to you this Evening, and you shall draw upon him for the Debt.
----The Company are met; I hear the Dice-Box in the other Room. So, 
Gentlemen, your Servant. You'll meet me at Mary-bone.
                          Scene 5, Peachum's Lock.
               A Table with Wine, Brandy, Pipes, and Tobacco.
  LOCKIT. The Coronation Account, Brother Peachum, is of so intricate a 
nature, that I believe it will never be settled.
  PEACHUM. It consists indeed of a great Variety of Articles.----It was 
worth to our People, in Fees of different kinds, above ten Instalments.----
This is part of the Account, Brother, that lies open before us.
  LOCKIT. A Lady's Tail of rich Brocade----that, I see, is dispos'd of.
  PEACHUM. To Mrs. Diana Trapes, the Tally-Woman, and she will make a good 
Hand on't in Shoes and Slippers, to trick out young Ladies, upon their going 
into Keeping----
  LOCKIT. But I don't see any Article of the Jewels.
  PEACHUM. Those are so well known that they must be sent abroad----You'll 
find them enter'd upon the Article of Exportation.----As for the Snuff-
Boxes, Watches, Swords, &c.----I thought it best to enter them under their 
several Heads.
  LOCKIT. Seven and twenty Women's Pockets complete; with the several things 
therein contain'd; all Seal'd, Number'd, and Enter'd.
  PEACHUM. But, Brother, it is impossible for us now to enter upon this 
Affair.--We should have the whole Day before us.----Besides, the Account of 
the last Half Year's PLate is in a Book by itself, which lies at the other 
Office.
  LOCKIT. Bring us then more Liquor.----To-day shall be for Pleasure----To-
morrow for Business--Ah, Brother, those Daughters of ours are two slippery 
Hussies----Keep a watchful eye upon Polly, and Macheath in a day or two 
shall be our own again.
                  Air XLV.--Down in the North Country, &c.
                                   LOCKIT. 
                    What Gudgeons are we Men!
                      Ev'ry Woman's easy Prey.
                    Though we have felt the Hook, agen
                      We bite and they betray.
                    The Bird that hath been trapt,
                      When he hears his calling Mate,
                    To her he flies, again he's clapt
                      Within the wiry Grate.
  PEACHUM. But what signifies catching the Bird, if your Daughter Lucy will 
set open the Door of the Cage?
  LOCKIT. If Men were answerable for the Follies and Frailties of the Wives 
and Daughters, no Friends could keep a good Correspondence together for two 
Days.----This is unkind of you, Brother; for among good Friends, what they 
say or do goes for nothing.
                              Enter a Servant.
  SERVANT. Sir, here's Mrs. Diana Trapes wants to speak with you.
  PEACHUM. Shall we admit her, Brother Lockit?
  LOCKIT. By all means,----She's a good Customer, and a fine-spoken Woman----
And a Woman who drinks and talks so freely, will enliven the Conversation.
  PEACHUM. Desire her to walk in.                             [Exit Servant. 
                                  Scene 6.
                        PEACHUM, LOCKIT, MRS. TRAPES.
  PEACHUM. Dear Mrs. Dye, your Servant----One may know by your Kiss, 
that your Ginn is excellent. 
  TRAPES. I was always very curious in my Liquors.
  LOCKIT. There is no perfum'd Breath like it.--I have been long acquainted 
with the Flavour of those Lips--Han't I, Mrs. Dye.
  TRAPES. Fill it up----I take as large Draughts of Liquor, as I did of 
Love.----I hate a Flincher in  either.
                    Air XLVI.--A Shepherd kept Sheep, &c.
    In the Days of my Youth I could bill like a Dove, fa, la la, &c.
    Like a Sparrow at all times was ready for Love, fa, la la, &c.
    The Life of all Mortals in Kissing should pass,
    Lip to Lip while we're young--then the Lip to the Glass, fa, la la, &c.
But now, Mr. Peachum, to our Business.----If you have Blacks of any kind, 
brought in of late; Mantoes--Velvet Scarfs----Petticoats----Let it be 
what it will----I am your Chap----for all my Ladies are very fond of 
Mourning. 
  PEACHUM. Why, look ye, Mrs. Dye----you deal so hard with us, that we can 
afford to give the Gentlemen, who venture their Lives for the Goods, little 
or nothing.
  TRAPES. The hard Times oblige me to go very near in my Dealing.----To be 
sure, of late Years I have been a great Sufferer by the Parliament.----Three 
thousand Pounds would hardly make me amends.----The Act for destroying the 
Mint, was a severe Cut upon our Business----'Till then, if a Customer 
stept out of the way----we knew where to have her----No doubt you know Mrs. 
Coaxer----there's a Wench now ('till to-day) with a good Suit of Clothes of 
mine upon her Back, and I could never set eyes upon her for three Months 
together.----Since the Act too against Imprisonment for small Sums, my 
Loss there too hath been very considerable, and it must be so, when a Lady 
can borrow a handsome Petticoat, or a clean Gown, and I not have the least 
Hank upon her! And, o' my Conscience, now-a-days most Ladies take a Delight 
in cheating, when they can do it with Safety. 
  PEACHUM. Madam, you have had a handsome Gold Watch of us t'other Day for 
seven Guineas.----Considering we must have our Profit----To a Gentleman upon 
the Road, a Gold Watch will be scarce worth the taking. 
  TRAPES. Consider, Mr. Peachum, that Watch was remarkable, and not of very 
safe Sale.----If you have any black Velvet Scarfs----they are a handsome 
Winter-wear, and take with most Gentlemen who deal with my Customers.----
'Tis I that put the Ladies upon a good Foot. 'Tis not Youth or Beauty that 
fixes their Price. The Gentlemen always pay according to their Dress, from 
half a Crown to two Guineas; and yet those Hussies make nothing of their 
bilking of me.----Then too, allowing for Accidents.----I have eleven 
fine Customers now down under the Surgeon's Hands----What with Fees and 
other Expenses, there are great Goings-out and no Comings in, and not a 
Farthing to pay for at least a Month's Clothing.----We run great 
Risques--great Risques indeed. 
  PEACHUM. As I remember, you said something just now of Mrs. Coaxer.
  TRAPES. Yes, Sir.----To be sure I stript her of a Suit of my own Clothes 
about two Hours ago; and have left her as she should be, in her Shift, with 
a Lover of hers at my House. She call'd him up Stairs, as he was going to 
MAry-bone in a Hackney Coach.----And I hope, for her own sake and 
mine, she will persuade the Captain to redeem her, for the Captain is very 
generous to the Ladies. 
  LOCKIT. What Captain?
  TRAPES. He thought I did not know him----an intimate Acquaintance of 
yours, Mr. Peachum----Only Captain Macheath----as fine as a Lord.
  PEACHUM. To-morrow, Mrs. Dye, you shall set your own Price upon any of the 
Goods you like----We have at least half a Dozen Velvet Scarfs, and all at 
your Service. Will you give me leave to make you a Present of the Suit of 
Night-clothes for your own wearing?----But are you sure it is Captain 
MAcheath. 
  TRAPES. Though he thinks I have forgotten him; no body knows him better. I 
have taken a great deal of the Captain's Money in my Time at second-hand, 
for he always lov'd to have his ladies well drest.
  PEACHUM. Mr. Lockit and I have a little Business with the Captain;---You 
understand me----and we will satisfy you for Mrs. Coaxer's Debt.
  LOCKIT. Depend upon it----We will deal like Men of Honour.
  TRAPES. I don't enquire after your Affairs----so whatever happens, I wash 
my hands on't----It hath always been my Maxim, that one Friend should assist 
another----But if you please----I'll take one of the Scarfs home with me. 
'Tis always good to have something in Hand.
                              Scene 7, Newgate.
                                    LUCY.
Jealousy, Rage, Love and Fear are at once tearing me to pieces, How am I 
weather-beaten and shatter'd with Distresses!
              Air XLVII.--One Evening, having lost my Way, &c.
               I'm like a Skiff on the Ocean tost,
                 Now high, now low, with each Billow born,
               With her Rudder broke, and her Anchor lost,
                 Deserted and all forlorn.
               While thus I lie rolling and tossing all Night,
               That Polly lies sporting on seas of Delight!
                 Revenge, Revenge, Revenge,
               Shall appease my restless Sprite.
I have the Rats-bane ready.----I run no Risque; for I can lay her Death 
upon the Ginn, and so many die of that naturally that I shall never be call'd 
in question.----But say, I were to be hang'd.----I never could be hang'd for 
any thing that would give me greater Comfort, than the poisoning that Slut.
                                Enter FILCH.
  FILCH. Madam, here's Miss Polly come to wait upon you. 
  LUCY. Show her in.
                                  Scene 8.
                                LUCY, POLLY.
  LUCY. Dear Madam, your Servant.----I hope you will pardon my Passion, when 
I was so happy to see you last.----I was so over-run with the Spleen, 
that I was perfectly out of myself. And really when one hath the Spleen, 
everything is to be excus'd by a Friend. 
       Air XLVIII.---Now Roger, I'll tell thee because thou'rt my Son.
                    
                         When a Wife's in her Pout,
                           (As she's sometimes, no doubt;)
                         The good Husband as meek as a Lamb,
                           Her Vapours to still,
                           First grants her her Will,
                         And the quieting Draught is a Dram.
                           Poor Man!
                         And the quieting Draught is a Dram.
----I wish all our Quarrels might have so comfortable a Reconciliation.
  POLLY. I have no Excuse for my own Behaviour, Madam, but my Misfortunes.
----And really, Madam, I suffer too upon your Account.
  LUCY. But, Miss Polly----in the way of Friendship, will you give me leave 
to propose a Glass of cordial to you?
  POLLY. Strong-Waters are apt to give me the Head-Ache----I hope, Madam, 
you will excuse me.
  LUCY. Not the greatest Lady in the Land could have better in her Closet, 
for her own private drinking.----You seem mighty low in Spirits, my Dear.
  POLLY. I am sorry, Madam, my Health will not allow me to accept of your 
Offer----I should not have left you in the rude manner I did when we met 
last, Madam, had not my Papa haul'd me away so unexpectedly----I was indeed 
somewhat provok'd, and perhaps might use some Expressions that were 
disrespectful.----But really, Madam, the Captain treated me with so much 
Contempt and Cruelty, that I deserv'd your Pity, rather than your 
Resentment.
  LUCY. But since his Escape, no doubt all Matters are made up again.----Ah 
Polly! Polly! 'tis I am the unhappy Wife; and he loves you as if you were 
only his Mistress.
  POLLY. Sure, Madam, you cannot think me so happy as to be the object of 
your Jealousy.----A Man is always afraid of a Woman who loves him too well--
--so that I must expect to be neglected and avoided.
  LUCY. Then our Cases, my dear Polly, are exactly alike. Both of us indeed 
have been too fond.
                          Air XLIX.-- O Bessy Bell.
                POLLY. A Curse attend that Woman's Love,
                         Who always would be pleasing.
                LUCY.  The Pertness of the billing Dove,
                         Like Tickling, is but teasing.
                POLLY. What then in Love can Woman do;
                LUCY.  If we grow fond they shun us.
                POLLY. And when we fly them, they pursue:
                LUCY.  But leave us when they've won us.
  LUCY. Love is so very whimsical in both Sexes, that it is impossible to be 
lasting.----But my Heart is particular, and contradicts my own Observation.
  POLLY. But really, Mistress Lucy, by his last Behaviour, I think I ought 
to envy you.----When I was forc'd from him, he did not shew the least 
Tenderness.----But perhaps, he hath a Heart not capable of it.
                   Air L.--Would Fate to me Belinda give.
                   Among the Men, Coquets we find,
                   Who court by turns all Woman-kind;
                   And we grant all the Hearts desir'd,
                   When they are flatter'd, and admir'd.
The Coquets of both Sexes are Self-lovers, and that is a Love no other 
whatever can dispossess. I hear, my dear Lucy, our Husband is one of those.
  LUCY. Away with these melancholy Reflections,----indeed, my dear Polly, we 
are both of us a Cup too low----Let me prevail upon you to accept of my 
Offer.
                         Air LI.--Come, sweet Lass.
                         Come, sweet Lass,
                         Let's banish Sorrow
                         'Till To-morrow;
                         Come, sweet Lass,
                       Let's take a chirping Glass.
                         Wine can clear
                         The Vapours of Despair
                         And make us light as Air;
                         Then drink, and banish Care.
I can't bear, Child, to see you in such low Spirits.----And I must persuade 
you to what I know will do you good.----I shall now soon be even with the 
hypocritical Strumpet.                                               [Aside.
                                  Scene 9.
                                   POLLY.
All this Wheedling of Lucy cannot be for nothing.----At this time too! when 
I know she hates me!----The Dissembling of a Woman is always the Forerunner 
of Mischief.----By pouring Strong-Waters down my Throat, she thinks to pump 
some Secrets out of me,----I'll be upon my Guard, and won't taste a Drop of 
her Liquor, I'm resolv'd.
                                  Scene 10.
                      LUCY, with Strong-Waters. POLLY.
  LUCY. Come, Miss Polly.
  POLLY. Indeed, Child, you have given yourself trouble to no purpose.----
You must, my Dear, excuse me.
  LUCY. Really, Miss Polly, you are as squeamishly affected about taking a 
Cup of Strong-Waters as a Lady before Company. I vow, Polly, I shall take it 
monstrously ill if you refuse me.----Brandy and Men (though Women love them 
ever so well) are always taken by us with some Reluctance----unless 'tis in 
private.
  POLLY. I protest, Madam, it goes against me.----What do I see! Macheath 
again in Custody!----Now every Glimm'ring of Happiness is lost.
                                   [Drops the Glass of Liquor on the Ground.
  LUCY. SInce things are thus, 'm glad the Wench hath escap'd; for by this 
Event, 'tis plain, she was not happy enough to deserve to be poison'd. [Aside. 
                                  Scene 11.
                   LOCKIT, MACHEATH, PEACHUM, LUCY, POLLY.
  LOCKIT. Set your Heart to rest, Captain.----You have neither the Chance of 
Love or Money for another Escape,----for you are order'd to be call'd down 
upon your Trial immediately.
  PEACHUM. Away, Hussies!----This is not a Time for a Man to be hamper'd 
with his Wives.----You see, the Gentleman is in Chains already.
  LUCY. O Husband, Husband, my Heart long'd to see thee; but to see thee 
thus distracts me.
  POLLY. Will not my dear Husband look upon his Polly? Why hadst thou not 
flown to me for Protection? with me thou hadst been safe.
                Air LII.--The last time I went o'er the Moor.
          POLLY. Hither, dear Husband, turn your Eyes.
          LUCY.    Bestow one Glance to cheer me.
          POLLY. Think with that Look, thy Polly dies.
          LUCY.    O shun me not----but hear me.
          POLLY. 'Tis Polly sues.
          LUCY.                   'Tis Lucy speaks.
          POLLY.   Is thus true Love requited?
          LUCY.  My Heart is bursting.
          POLLY.                       Mine too breaks.
          LUCY.  Must I
          POLLY.        Must I be slighted?
  MACHEATH. What would you have me say, Ladies?----You see this Affair will 
soon be at an end, without my disobliging either of you.
  PEACHUM. But the settling this Point, Captain, might prevent a Law-Suit 
between your two Widows.
                    Air LIII. Tom Tinker's my true Love.
                                  MACHEATH.
               Which way shall I turn me----How can I decide?
               Wives, the Day of our Death, are as fond as a Bride.
               One Wife is too much for most Husbands to hear,
               But two at a time there's no mortal can bear.
               This way, and that way, and which way I will,
               What would comfort the one, t'other Wife would take ill.
  POLLY. But if his own Misfortunes have made him insensible to mine----A 
Father sure will be more compassionate----Dear, dear Sir, sink the material 
Evidence, and bring him off at his Trial----Polly, upon her Knees begs it of 
you.
                   Air LIV.--I am a poor Shepherd undone.
                    
                    When my Hero in Court appears,
                      And stands arraign'd for his Life;
                    Then think of poor Polly's Tears;
                      For Ah! poor Polly's his Wife.
                    Like the Sailor he holds up his Hand,
                      Distrest on the dashing Wave.
                    To die a dry Death at Land,
                      Is as bad as a wat'ry Grave.
                        And alas, poor Polly!
                        Alack, and well-a-day!
                        Before I was in Love,
                        Oh! every Month was May.
  LUCY. If Peachum's Heart is harden'd; sure you, Sir, will have more 
Compassion on a Daughter.----I know the Evidence is in your Power.----How 
then can you be a Tyrant to me?                                  [Kneeling.
                        
                       Air LV.--Ianthe the lovely, &c.
               When he holds up his Hand arraign'd for his Life,
               O think of your Daughter, and think I'm his Wife!
               What are Cannons or Bombs, or clashing of Swords?
               For Death is more certain by Witnesses Words.
               Then nail up their Lips; that dread Thunder allay;
               And each Month of my Life will hereafter be May.
  LOCKIT. Macheath's Time is come, Lucy----We know our own Affairs, 
therefore let us have no more Whimpering or Whining.
                      Air LVI.--A Cobler there was, &c.
               Ourselves, like the Great, to secure a Retreat,
               When Matters Require it, must give up our Gang:
                      And good reason why,
                      Or, instead of the Fry,
                      Ev'n Peachum and I.
                    Like poor petty Rascals, might hang, hang;
                    Like poor petty Rascals, might hang.
  PEACHUM. Set your Heart at rest, Polly.----Your Husband is to die to-day.
----Therefore if you are not already provided, 'tis high time to look about 
for another. There's comfort for you, you Slut.
  LOCKIT. We are ready, Sir, to conduct you to the Old Baily.
                          Air LVII.--Bonny Dundee.
                                  MACHEATH.
               The charge is prepar'd; the Lawyers are met,
               The Judges all rang'd (a terrible Show!)
               I go, undismay'd.----For Death is a Debt,
               A Debt on Demand.----So take what I owe.
               Then farewell, my Love----Dear Charmers, adieu.
               Contented I die----'Tis the better for you.
               Here ends all Disputes for the rest of our Lives,
               For this way at once I please all my Wives.
Now, Gentlemen, I am ready to attend you.
                                  Scene 12.
                             LUCY, POLLY, FILCH.
  POLLY. Follow them, Filch, to the Court. And when the Trial is over, bring 
me a particular Account of his Behaviour, and of everything that happen'd----
You'll find me here with Miss Lucy. [Exit Filch.] But why is all this 
Musick?
  LUCY. The prisoners, whose Trials are put off 'till next Session, are 
diverting themselves.
  POLLY. Sure there is nothing so charming as Musick! I'm fond of it to 
Distraction!----But alas!----now, all Mirth seems an Insult upon my 
Affliction.----Let us retire, my dear Lucy, and indulge our Sorrows.----The 
noisy Crew, you see, are coming upon us.                            [Exeunt.
                     A Dance of Prisoners in Chains, &c.
                        Scene 13.  The Condemn'd Hold
                     MACHEATH, in a melancholy Posture. 
                          Air LVIII.--Happy Groves.
                         O cruel, cruel, cruel Case!
                         Must I suffer this Disgrace?
                Air LIX.--Of all the Girls that are so smart.
                    Of all the Friends in time of Grief,
                      When threatening Death looks grimmer,
                    Not one so sure can bring Relief, 
                      As this best Friend, a Brimmer.              [Drinks. 
                        Air LX.--Britons strike home. 
       Since I must swing,----I scorn, I scorn, to wince or whine.  [Rises. 
                           Air LXI.--Chevy Chase.
                    But now again my Spirits sink;
                    I'll raise them high with Wine. 
                                                   [Drinks a glass of Wine. 
                    Air LXII.--To old Sir Simon the King. 
                  But Valour the stronger grows,
                    The stronger Liquor we're drinking;
                  And how can we feel our Woes
                    When we've lost the Trouble of Thinking?       [Drinks.
                      Air LXIII.--Joy to Great Caesar.
                         If thus----A Man can die
                         Much bolder with Brandy.
                                             [Pours out a Bumper of Brandy.
                     Air LXIV.--There was an old Woman.
      So I drink off this Bumper.----And now I can stand the Test.
      And my Comrades shall see, that I die as brave as the Best.  [Drinks.
              Air LXV.--Did you ever hear of a gallant Sailor.
                    But can I leave my pretty Hussies,
                    Without one Tear, or tender Sigh?
                 Air LXVI.--Why are mine Eyes still flowing.
                    Their Eyes, their Lips, their Busses
                    Recall my Love,----Ah must I die!
                         Air LXVII.--Green Sleeves.
                    Since Laws were made for ev'ry Degree,
                    To curb Vice in others, as well as me,
                    I wonder we han't better Company,
                        Upon Tyburn Tree!
                    But Gold from Law can take out the Sting;
                    And if rich Men like us were to swing,
                    'Twould thin the Land, such Numbers to string
                        Upon Tyburn Tree!
  JAILOR. Some Friends of yours, Captain, desire to be admitted----I leave 
you together.
                                  Scene 14.
                   MACHEATH, BEN BUDGE, MATT OF THE MINT.
  MACHEATH. For my having broke Prison, you see, Gentlemen, I am order'd 
immediate Execution.----The Sheriff's Officers, I believe, are now at th 
Door.----That Jemmy Twitcher should peach me, I own surpris'd me!----'Tis a 
plain Proof that the World is all alike, and that even our Gang can no more 
trust one another than other People. Therefore, I beg you, Gentlemen, look 
well to yourselves, for in all probability you may live some Months longer.
  MATT. We are heartily sorry, Captain, for your Misfortune.----But 'tis 
what we must all come to.
  MACHHEATH. Peachum and Lockit, you know, are infamous Scoundrels. Their 
Lives are as much in your Power, as yours are in theirs.----Remember your 
dying Friend!----'Tis my last Request.----Bring those Villains to the 
Gallows before you, and I am satisfied.
  MATT. We'll do it.
  JAILOR. Miss Polly and Miss Lucy intreat a Word with you.
  MACHEATH. Gentlemen, adieu.
                                  Scene 15.
                           LUCY, MACHEATH, POLLY.
  MACHEATH. My dear Lucy----My dear Polly. Whatsoever hath pass'd between us 
is now at an end----if you are fond of marrying again, the best Advice I can 
give you is to Ship yourselves to the West-Indies, where you'll have a fair 
Chance of getting a Husband a-piece, or by good Luck, two or three, as you 
like best.
  POLLY. How can I support this Sight!
  LUCY. There is nothing moves one so much as a great Man in Distress.
               Air LXVII.--All you that must take a Leap, &c.
       LUCY.     Would I might be hang'd!
       POLLY.                             And I would so too!
       LUCY.     To be hang'd with you.
       POLLY.                           My dear, with you.
       MACHEATH. O leave me to Thought! I fear! I doubt!
                 I tremble! I droop!----See, my Courage is out! 
                                                 [Turns up the empty Bottle.
       POLLY.    No Token of Love?
       MACHEATH.                   See, my Courage is out.
                                                    [Turns up the empty Pot.
       LUCY.     No Token of Love?
       POLLY.                      Adieu.
       LUCY.                              Farewell.
       MACHEATH. But hark! I hear the Toll of the Bell.
       CHORUS.       Tol de rol lol, &c.
  JAILOR. Four Women more, Captain, with a Child apiece! See, here they come.
                                                   [Enter Women and Children.
  MACHEATH. What----four Wives more!----This is too much----Here----tell the 
Sheriff's Officers I am ready.                        [Exit Macheath guarded.
                                  Scene 16.
                      To them, Enter PLAYER and BEGGAR.
  PLAYER. But, honest Friend, I hope you don't intend that Macheath shall be 
really executed.
  BEGGAR. Most certainly, Sir.----To make the Piece perfect, I was for doing 
strict poetical Justice----Macheath is to be hang'd; and for the other 
Personages of the Drama, the Audience must have suppos'd they were all 
hang'd or transported.
  PLAYER. Why then Friend, this is a downright deep Tragedy. The Catastrophe 
is manifestly wrong, for an Opera must end happily.
  BEGGAR. Your Objection, Sir, is very just, and is easily remov'd. For you 
must allow, that in this kind of Drama, 'tis no matter how absurdly things 
are brought about----So----you Rabble there----run and cry, A Reprieve!
----let the Prisoner be brought back to his Wives in Triumph. 
  PLAYER. All this we must do, to comply with the Taste of the Town.
  BEGGAR. Through the whole Piece you may observe such a Similitude of 
Manners in high and low Life, that it is difficult to determine whether (in 
the fashionable Vices) the fine Gentlemen imitate the Gentlemen of the Road, 
or the Gentlemen of the Road, the fine Gentlemen.----Had the Play remain'd, 
as I at first intended, it would have carried a most excellent Moral. 
'Twould have shown that the lower sort of People have their Vices in a 
degree as well as the Rich: And that they are punish'd for them. 
                                  Scene 17.
                     To them, MACHEATH with RABBLE, &c.
  MACHEATH. So, it seems, I am not left to my Choice, but must have a Wife 
at last.----Look ye, my Dears, we will have no Controversy now. Let us give 
this Day to Mirth, and I an sure she who thinks herself my Wife will testify 
her Joy by a Dance.
  ALL. Come, a Dance----a Dance.
  MACHEATH. Ladies, I hope you will give me leave to present a Partner to 
each of you. And (if I may without Offence) for this time, I take Polly for 
mine.----And for Life, you Slut,----for we were really marry'd.----As for 
the rest.----But at present keep your own Secret.
                                  A DANCE.
                      Air LXIX.--Lumps of Pudding, &c.
           Thus I stand like the Turk, with his Doxies around;
           From all Sides their Glances his Passion confound;
           For Black, Brown, and Fair, his Inconstancy burns,
           And different Beauties subdue him by turns:
           Each calls forth her Charms, to provoke his Desires;
           Though willing to all, with but one he retires.
           But think of this Maxim, and put off your Sorrow,
           The Wretch of To-day, may be happy To-morrow.
  CHORUS:  But think of this Maxim, &c.
                                   FINIS.
=======================================================================
______________________________________________________________________________
              1     1   t  h       H   H     OO     U   U   RRRRR
             11    11  ttt h       H   H    O  O    U   U   R    R
            1 1   1 1   t  hhh     H   H   O    O   U   U   R    R
              1     1   t  h h     H   H   O    O   U   U   R    R
              1     1   tt h h     HHHHH   O    O   U   U   RRRRR
              1     1              H   H   O    O   U   U   R    R
              1     1              H   H   O    O   U   U   R    R
              1     1              H   H    O  O    U   U   R    R
            11111 11111            H   H     OO      UUU    R    R
                   P   R   O   D   U   C   T   I   O   N   S
                                  Presents...
______________________________________________________________________________
                      How Ernie and Bert Came to Be
     You all know Ernie and Bert- they're those two puppet guys that live in an
apartment on Sesame Street.  You probably also have stayed up late at night
breaking into a cold sweat because you couldn't figure out how they were
related.  Most people(besides those k-k00l dooooodz who say "who cares,they're
puppets") say Oh, they are gay lovers.  Well, maybe, but if so, why do they
play with toys.  Fine, they are immature gay lovers.  No, because how do they
pay the rent.  They don't work, and don't own a car.  Plus, they sleep in
seperate beds.  They can't be roommates cuz they are just kids or demented
adults.  Now that you are thoroughly confused, I will help you sort it out.
     
     First of all, Bert is Ernie's father.  That's why they sleep in seperate
beds.  If you want, they can be gay and incestuous, but thats up to your sick
little imagination.  Anyway, Bert's wife was red. In case you don't remember
bert is yellow and ernie is orange.  Red and yellow make orange, hence ernie's
color.
     
     Bert worked in a factory for several years before he came to sesame
street(but why did he go to sesame street? - read on!) One day, Bert got just a
little too close to that machine that crushes steel girders into pellets the
size of a grain of salt.  His head was smashed, and he was brain damaged.  So
severely that he regressed to the intelectual level of a small child-a child
about ernie's age.
     When Bert's wife realized that Bert had become a moron, she divorced him
and took everything they owned (except that little brat Ernie).  Well, bert's
lawyer found out and sued the wife for everything she had.  Unfortunately Bert
and Ernie couldn't live alone so they were put into a community for the
mentally unwell.  You got it- Sesame Street.  They met Oscar, a wierd hairy man
obsessed with garbage.  Big Bird, a junkie and hallucinogen user  who always
thought he was being followed by a brown elephant-like thing called
Snuffalopagulopaloopulagus.  All the real people on sesame street are
counselors for the deranged folks who live there.  Why else would they be so
bloody nice all the time?  The real people kids are trucked in from nearby
towns to act as a positive influence on the patients.
     Well, thats it.  Years of research went into this, and it actually makes
sense.     Remember, this is only a theory!!!  It has yet to be proven, but I'd
like to see you find a flaw in it.
________________________________________________________________________________
Hi Dok B0llix, Aldebaran (Don't get bloody face!)
Control the Wekabeast population-if you know one, kill it now.
Believe in the Scary powers of "BOB"
_______________________________________________________________________________
(C) 1991 by Janitor Brand & The Eleventh Hour
All Rights Curiously Examined And Contemplated
  "Torsion Grip Really Loud"
Call these fine boards:
	The Janitor's Closet  - (617) 69X-XXXX
	The Works             - (617) 861-8976
                             Beaver - Gone Bad!!
                            ---------------------
   A mini-manuscript by Pete Stocton and Baron Von Crash.
Scene ONE:
   Wally and Beaver in bed, lights out.
Beaver: Hey Wally....
Wally: Yea Beave?
Beaver:How come is it there's a green lady with red spots dancing on my face?
Wally: Gee Beave...Are you fucked up AGAIN??
Beaver: Yea, I guess I kinda ate some purple microdots and junk....
Wally: Aw heck, Beave, that's just about the worst thing a guy could do.
Beaver: Yea, I guess a sorta got carr- Hey Wally! Cut that out! Stay in focus!!
Wally: I ain't doin' nothin'. Boy are you gonna get it when Mom and Dad find
          out!
Beaver: [(Sounds like...)Editors' note...] Crocka locka fishwife, pornographic
          priestesses!!
Wally: Y'know, Beave, that stuff causes brain damage and stuff...
Beaver: Aw gee...I know that, but Wally....Huh huh...Golly Wally, Wally, huh...
          (Beaver explodes into uncontrollable laughter...)
Wally: Aw C'mon, Beave, let a guy get some sleep, will ya?
  (Pause)
Beaver: Hey Wally...
Wally: What is it NOW, Beave?
Beaver: D'ya think Eddie Haskel has some kinda phallic fixation on account of
         him always bein' nice to Mom? Mabye it's kinda indicative of some type
         of Oedepial hangup or somethin'.
Wally: Aw, heck no Beave, Freud's a creep.
Beaver: Yeah, I guess so. Hey Wally, D'ya think Mom snapped to that flashback
         I had at supper?
Wally: Well, Gee Beave...Worms in the butter and all, that's pretty wierd.
Beaver: Yeah, I guess so. Hey Wally, D'ya think I'm gonna go to jail and all?
Wally: Heck yea, Beave. Everybody knows that you're gonna end up a chemical
         waste dump and mug old ladies and junk.
Beaver: Gee, Wally, D'ya think that Mom and Dad won't let me play baseball
        anymore if I get busted?
Wally: Heck, Beave, You'll go to jail and everything...Y'know, the Big House.
Beaver: Gee Wally, D'ya think it's gonna be tough?
Wally: Aw heck, Beave, they'll pass you around for a pack of smokes.
Beaver: Gee, Wally, I sure don't want to be no kind of sexual plaything or
         nothin' creepy like that...
     (Wally makes wierd noises)
Beaver: Whad'ja say, Wally?
Wally: I didn't say nothin', Beave, you're still trippin hard.
Beaver: Yeah, I guess so.
     (Wally makes wierd noises again)
Beaver: Wally, Did you just hear anything? Wally? Wally!!?!
Wally: Heck no, Beave, go to sleep.
Beaver: Wally!! Laughing fish are eating our furniture!! And Giant electric
        space babies!!
Wally: Cut it out, Beave, your'e just having a bum trip.
Beaver: Hey Wally, Mom's gonna come in here and ask me a bunch of wierd
         questions and junk. I just know it. And then she's gonna ask me a
         bunch more questions and look in my eyes.
Wally: Calm down, Beave. Mom and Dad are asleep. Your'e just paranoid, that's
         all. So just go to sleep.
Beaver: Ok. G'night, Wally..
Wally: G'night, Beave.
    (time passes)
Beaver: Uh..Wally?
