Wally: WHAT NOW, Beaver??
Beaver: Uh...I guess I kinds ate a couplea boxes of No-Doze and junk....
Wally: "...."
Beaver: Wally? Wally? Wally!?!??
                        The End.......?
    Editor's note: Theodore Cleaver, I.E. "The Beaver", is now doing time for
  trafficking narcotics and first degree murder for "murder by blathering".
  He was passed around his cell the evening of his arrest for a pack of smokes.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
From: wbarnes@sura.net (Bill Barnes)
Newsgroups: rec.arts.anime
Subject: Parody: Bubble Gum Cards
Date: 16 Jan 92 23:31:40 GMT
Lines: 605
Well, due to the overwhelming demand for it (namely one person 8^), I'm
reposting Ryan Mathews' it's-not-a-classic-but-it-should-be BGC parody.
I proudly present (because I had absolutely nothing to do with its
production 8^P)...the Night Foils!
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
           Mega-Yonkers 2038 : The Story of Knight Foils
                         BUBBLE GUM CARDS
                                by
                           Ryan Mathews
                 An Irreverent, Irrelevant Parody
[Opening scene:  A television commercial.  A big, blue Buma dances
around the house while a song plays.]
                        SONG
If you're tired and bored with household deeds,
A GE Buma is what you need
Cleans your house and cooks the food
A GE Buma is one cool dude!
                        ANNOUNCER
Ladies!  Is household drudgery getting you down?  Then invest in a GE
Buma!  The latest in household appliances!  Just look at all it can
do!  It can cook!
        [A Buma flips pancakes]
It can clean!
        [A Buma scrubs floors]
It can get rid of pests!
        [A Buma catches rats and cockroaches and eats them]
It can get rid of salesmen!
                        SALESMAN
Hello!  Can I interest you in some encyclopedias---ARRRRGGHHH!!
        [The Buma shoves the sample case down the saleman's throat.]
                        ANNOUNCER
Why, it'll even wash windows!
                        BUMA
Grrrrrrr...
                        ANNOUNCER
Haha!  Well, it'll do *almost* anything!  And right now with prices
starting as low as Y2,000,000, there's no better time to buy!  Ask
your GE dealer for financing deals!  That's the new Buma!  From GE,
Genom Electric!
[The channel changes and the screen switches to a kitchen, with a
certain female PBS chef and a male assistant.]
                        ANNOUNCER
And now, Julia Child's Kitchen!
                        JULIA CHILD
Oh, *hello* there and welcome back to the show!  The gentlemen at GE
have been so nice to provide me one of their new Kitchen-model Bumas!
Say hello, Jules!
                        JULES
Grarl.
                        JULIA CHILD
Oh, isn't he just *marvelous*.  My next dish involves peanuts.
Unfortunately, the only peanuts I have on hand at the moment are those
little sacks they hand out on airlines, and I always have such a
*devil* of a time getting them open.  Could you help, Jules?
*There's* a good boy.
        [Ms. Child hands the bags of peanuts to the Buma, who
        struggles unsuccessfully to open one up.]
I'll be needing to melt some butter too.  Now where did I put the
flamethrower?  Ah, there it is!
        [The Buma bursts out of its skin and grows to twice its size,
        but still can't open the bag of peanuts.]
Actually, I was thinking of using incendiary grenades, but you just
can't get that fine control over the temperature.
        [The Buma tries to rip the bag open with its teeth, fails, and
        starts to throw a tantrum.]
How is it coming with the peanuts?
        [The Buma grabs Ms. Child's right arm and rips it off.  Blood
        spurts all over the place.]
Oh, dear.  Wasn't there a Saturday Night Live skit like this?  It
seems that Dan Akroyd fellow was prophetic in a way.  I'll just
shuffle over here and call an ambulance.
        [The Buma roars and rips her head off.]
                        DIRECTOR
Run for your lives!  The Buma's gone berserk!
[Cut to control room.]
                        PRODUCER [on the phone]
Hello?  Yes, I have a job for you, now!!
[Cut to a punk-rock bar.  Hordes of slam-dancing teenagers crowd the
stage.  The MC walks out.]
                        MC
And now, punkers and punkettes!  The moment you've all been waiting
for!  The First Lady of Punk!  The one, the only.... Piss!!
[The crowd roars as a punk-rocker girl with butch-brown hair comes on
stage with a mike and starts screaming lyrics at the crowd.]
                        PISS
Oy 'ate you lousy fockers!
Oy wish 'at you were dead!
Oy'd like to put big 'oles in your fat stinky 'eads!
Oy!  [boom-boom-boom] Fock you!
Oy!  [boom-boom-boom] Fock you!
        [Piss' watch beeps.  She holds to her face. To the watch:]
Oy!  Piss 'ere!
                        WATCH
Piss?  This is Wacky.  We've got a berserk Buma at the PBS station.
                        PISS
All roight!  Time to kick some arse!
        [To the crowd:]
Oy!  I'm outta 'ere!  Piss off!
        [Piss leaves and gets accosted by the manager.]
                        MANAGER
Hey!  You can't leave!  I paid good money for this show!
        [Piss kicks him in the groin.  High voice:]
But if you must go, I won't stand in your way.
[Cut to a horrendous traffic jam.  A redheaded policewoman directs the
traffic, making it worse.]
                        NINNY [pointing every which way]
Now let's see, my left is their right.  Or is it the other way around?
Do they drive on the left side or the right?  Or is it my left that
they drive on?  Which hand is my left, anyway?  I'm so confused.  Oh!
Look at the nails on this hand!  I need a manicure!
        [She holds her hand out to examine it, causing a fiery ten-car
        collision in front of her.  Her watch beeps.]
What's that, Wacky?  Berserk Buma?  I'll be right there!  Hmm.  The
traffic doesn't seem to be moving much.  Guess I'm not needed.
[Cut to an aerobics class.  15 huge, hulking women thunder up and down
while a black-haired girl named Leonard and her assistant direct
them.]
                        ASSISTANT
Say, Leonard?  About the floor?
                        LEONARD
What about it?
        [Several women smash through the floor, leaving really big
        holes.]
Darn it!  What did I tell you about trying to sneak out to the
restaurant on the lower floor!  You'll never lose weight this way!
        [Leonard's watch beeps.]
Yes?  Mm-hmm?  I'm coming.  Take over, Eileen, I've got other
business.
[Cut to a advanced data terminal.  Yet another girl looks at the data
while sipping coffee.]
                        CELIA
Oh, father.  Why did you leave me with such heavy responsibilities?
What is Genom Electric up to?  And why did that dunderhead brother of
mine make me decaffenated coffee?
        [Her brother enters the room.]
                        WACKY
Big sister?
                        SILIA
Yes?
                        WACKY
I've called the others.  They'll be here any moment.
                        CILIA
Good.  Prepare the van.
                        WACKY
Sure!  You feel like taking off your clothes?
                        SELIA
No, why do you ask?
                        WACKY
Oh, just wondering.
[Cut back to the station.  The Buma, having destroyed the sets for
Julia Child, MacNeil/Lehrer, and Wall Street Week, is now wreaking
havoc on the pledge drive, while the Station Manager scolds the
camera.]
                        DIRECTOR
Now you see the kind of crap we have to put up with!  If you tightwads
out there would pledge a few bucks, we could afford a real security
force!  But nooooooooo, that would cut into your budget for Ho-Ho's
and cola!
[The back of the studio smashes open, revealing four babes in powered
armor.]
                        SYLIA
Knight Foils!  We have arrived!
                        DIRECTOR
Uhhh, tell you what, why don't we listen to a little music and get
those phones ringing while I skedaddle my hiney out of here!
[A Musak rendition of "Tie a Yellow Ribbon" starts up as the battle
begins.  The girls attack the Buma with little success.]
                        LEONARD
Go for the head!
                        NINNY
Is that, like, the part at the top?
        [The Buma grabs her and flings her around, knocking phones
        across the room.]
EEEEEEEEEEEE!
        [The Buma lets go and she crashes into a wall.]
Oooooh!  I'll show you!
        [She fires her wrist gun.  The kick causes her to lose control
        and mow down the pledge-helpers.]
Oopsie.
                        PISS
Fock the 'ead!  'ere's only one way to deal with a man 'is size!
        [She runs toward the Buma.]
Balllllllll-KICK!!!
        [She gives the Buma a super-powered kick in the groin.]
                        BUMA [collapsing]
Oorg.
                        CILEA
Now!  PILE ON!!
        [The girls make short work of the Buma.]
                        DIRECTOR
Thank you!  Thank you!  Here's a check!  Well done!
                        SILLYA
Thank *you* director!
        [To the camera]
That's right, world!  Wherever berserk Bumas menace the world, the
Knight Foils will be there to stop them!
                        DIRECTOR
Would you care to make a donation to our pledge drive?
                        PISS
Fock your pledge drive!  Put Doctor Who back on, now!!
[Cut to the office of an evil-looking white haired gentleman.  The
plaque on his desk reads "Quincy C. Wright, President".]
                        QUINCY
Knight Foils, eh?  Hmm...  We may have to deal with this.
        [He hits a button on an intercom.]
Get me Brian Jar Mason.  Now.
[Cut to the Knight-Cave, er, I mean, Selia's house.  The girls and
Wacky lounge around and discuss the situation.]
                        LEONARD
Well, we made a pretty penny tonight.  What was the take?  Six million
yen?
                        SELLYA
That's about right.  Of course, since we always get paid in checks
made out to Knight Foils, that doesn't help much.
                        WACKY
Hey, I'm working on that!  You think it's easy getting a bank account
for a bunch of costumed mercenaries?
                        NINNY
We could show up at the bank in armor.
                        PISS
Yeah, an' if the fockers won't cash the check, we hold up the bank!
                        LEONARD
No, Piss.  That goes against Knight Foils Rule #1:  "Don't do anything
stupid."
                        NINNY
No, that's Rule #4.  Rule #1 is "Cover your ass."
                        LEONARD
I thought that was Rule #6.
                        PISS
'ere is no Rule #6.
                        SLYA
I think Genom Electric is up to something.
                        LEONARD
Like what?
                        CEELIA
I'm not sure.
                        PISS
Good enough for me!  Let's kill 'em!
                        NINNY
But that violates Rule #7:  "No murder without the consent of all
members"!
                        LEONARD
No, that's Rule #5.  Rule #7 is "Don't pick your nose in public."
[Leonard and Ninny walk home in the dark.]
                        NINNY
Thanks for walking me home, Leonard.  The streets are all dark and
scary and there's never a cop around when you need one.
                        LEONARD
I thought you *were* a cop.
                        NINNY
Oh, that's right!  I'll protect you instead, then.
[A girl runs up to Leonard.]
                        GIRL
Leonard!  Remember me?  I was your best friend in High School!
                        LEONARD
Kathy?  Wow!  Fancy meeting you!
                        GIRL
Yeah!  Well, I gotta go!  See ya!
        [She runs off down the road and is attacked and killed by a
        Buma.]
AARRGH!
                        LEONARD
Did you hear a scream?
                        GIRL 2
Ninny?  Hi?  Remember me?  We met at the Police Ball last week.
                        NINNY
Oh, yeah!  How are you doing?
                        GIRL 2
Oh, pretty good!  Well, I'm off!  See you later!
        [She runs off down the road and is attacked and killed by a
        Buma.]
AARRGH!
                        LEONARD
You know, I think there's a pattern here we're missing.
        [She talks to her watch.]
Wacky?  Where's Cilya?
                        WACKY
She went to her High School reunion.
                        LEONARD & NINNY
Oh, NO!!!
[Cut to a drive-thru burger joint. Piss drives through on her bike.]
                        PISS
Oy wanna double cheesburger, fries, and Coke!  An' fockin' hurry 'cuz
I'm fockin' hungry!
[Piss obtains her burger and eats.  She is approached by a
plain-clothes policeman.]
                        POLICEMAN
That hair!  That mouth!  You must be Piss!  I'm a big fan of yours!
                        PISS
Piss off.
                        POLICEMAN
Allow me to introduce myself.  I'm Peon, an officer of the Very
Determined Police.
                        PISS
VDPolice, eh?  Why should oy care?
                        PEON
Well, I've been very busy lately, fighting crime, beating Buma,
opening malls, that sort of thing.  I'm a big man on the force.  Can I
buy you dinner?
                        PISS
Wha' does this shi' in my mouth look like, moron?
                        PEON
Well, at least let me have your autograph.
                        PISS
'Ere's my autograph!
        [She punches him in the face and drives off.]
                        PEON
She touched me!  I'm in heaven!
[Cut to the house where Leonard's reunion is being held.  Cellea,
Leonard, and Ninny survey the wreckage.  The room is filled with
corpses, and the girls are the only ones alive.]
                        SILEEA
Oh, it was awful!  Every time I talked to someone, a Buma would pop
out of nowhere and kill her!  All my friends, dead!
                        LEONARD
How awful!
                        NINNY
EWWWWW!!  There's blood all over the place! YUK!
                        SELI-UH
Now I'll *never* be voted Most Popular!
[Piss comes running in.]
                        PISS
Oy!  I came as fast as I could!  'Ey!  Is 'at blood on the floor?!
All roight!  My kind of party!
                        SELLEA
We can't let this go unanswered.  There's only one thing to do.
                        PISS
Senseless violence, roight?
                        S'LEE-A
This isn't just for me.  It's for the entire Knight Foils
organization.
                        PISS
So we're gonna kick their arses, roight?
[Cut to Knight Foils headquarters.  Wacky is showing his friends nude
pictures of the Knights with a slide projector.]
                        WACKY
And here's Piss bathing in 10W40!
                        FRIENDS
Ooooooohhh!
[The door flies open and Celiah enters, causing Wacky to yelp and turn
the projector off.]
                        SELIAH
Wacky!  Prepare the van!  The Knight Foils are about to strike!
[The girls get into their suits.  We get to see Piss naked.  Gotta
have our quotient of T&A, you know.
The van speeds down the highway.  Those nifty crane things lower the
Knights' bikes onto the road.  Unfortunately, Ninny's bike is loaded
backwards, and she wipes out and has to catch up.
The four bikes head for the RCA building in Downtown New York, now
owned by GE.]
                        DOORMAN
Take your bags?  WAAH!
[The four bikes crash through the door into the lobby.  They switch to
humanoid form, ring for an elevator and wait.
Cut to GE Central Control, where Brian Jar Mason oversees the
operation.  Bumas run past him hurriedly while he toasts the occasion
with a glass of sake.]
                        MASON
Let them come!  Together we will celebrate the birth of SuperBuma, the
ultimate household appliance!  Ha ha ha!
        [A Buma runs into him and spills his drink all over him.]
Asshole!
[Cut to tastefully furnished hallway.  The elevator opens and the four
Knights and their moto-slaves tiptoe down the hallway.
Four Bumas in intern's uniforms burst into view, sprout swords and
attack.  The girls go at it but don't have much luck.]
                        SILEA
We need more room!  The quarters are too close here!
                        NINNY
Quarters?  Where?
[Ninny starts to search the carpet.  A Buma drop-kicks her down the
hall.
Cut to the set of Late Night with David Letterman.]
                        DAVE
You know, Paul, those GE executives are all a bunch of boneheads!
        [The battle bursts onto the set, trashing it.]
Hey Morty, I thought Stupid Buma Tricks was scheduled for *tomorrow*
night!
[Leonard unleashes a devastating volley, but the Buma survives by
picking up Paul Shaffer and using him as a shield, much to the delight
of the audience.  Piss tosses her Buma into the crowd.]
                        PISS
OY!  FREE BUMA!!
[The Buma screams as the audience eagerly tears him to shreds.  The
Knights bike out of the studio and the remaining three Bumas pursue.
Cut to the roof.  Leonard, Piss, and Ninny engage the Bumas while
Cillya is thrown off to the side.  As she gets up, an armored Mason
grabs her and squeezes her helmet.]
                        MASON
And now, we shall see.... urm..  And now, we shall see... (c'mon, you
sunuvabitch, open) And now, we shall see who you are!
        [The helmet pops open.]
Cylia Amana.  Just as I expected.
                        CYLYA
Yes, it's me.  I've been fighting ever since you killed my father!
All he was trying to do was to invent a toaster that you could really
set the darkness on, and you perverted his work into those evil
machines!
                        MASON
Celia, Sylia, Selia.  You just don't understand.  If the public were
to find out that the knobs on their toasters weren't connected to
anything, our stock would plummet!  He had to die!
                        PISS
Yeah, well so do you!
[Startled, Mason drops Seelia and whirls around.  The other three
Knights stand ready for action.]
                        MASON
You--!  How did you defeat my Bumas?
                        LEONARD
I tossed a copy of Blade Runner over the edge of the building.  They
went over like lemmings!
                        NINNY
It's their favorite movie!
                        MASON
Well, screw it!  I don't need Buma's to defeat the likes of you!  Not
when I'm wearing my Ronco 4-in-1 Mecha Armor!  It grinds!
        [Giant whirling blades come out and attack Piss' armor,
        damaging it.]
It blends!
        [A huge pair of egg-beaters pops out, grabs Ninny, whirls her
        around and throws her away.]
It juices!
        [Two big hands pop out and squeeze Leonards armor until it
        breaks.]
It even...MICROWAVES!
        [A big rod pops out, points itself at Cylea and hums.
        Suddenly, lightning arcs between Cilya and Mason.]
AAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
        [Mason collapses and dies, electrocuted.]
                        LEONARD
What happened?
                        SYLEA
We are the Knight Foils, Leonard.  And as everyone knows, you should
never use a microwave on foil.
[Cut to later at the same place.  A VDPolice helicopter lands, and
Peon hops out.  Next to Mason's corpse is signed "Nite Foyls".
Cut to a cemetary.  Celiya lays flowers on a gravestone, wipes a tear
and walks away.  Piss lays flowers on a gravestone, wipes a tear and
walks away.  Leonard lays flowers on a gravestone, wipes a tear and
walks away.  Ninny lays flowers on a gravestone, wipes a tear and
walks away.  Seliya lays flowers on a gravestone, wipes a tear and
walks away.
Pan back to reveal flowers on half the gravestones, plus a huge pile
of flowers to which the Knights walk back to reload.  They've got
their work cut out for them.]
-------------------------------------------------------------------
P.S.  Ryan, if you're out there, forgive me for not asking you first,
but how could I deny them?  8-]
Bill "Is there life before death?" Barnes   wbarnes@sura.net
Disclaimer:  Don't assume anything I say is truthful, accurate, or worthwhile.
Datclaimer:  My employers wouldn't WANT to share some of my opinions.
Pyramid Scheme
Written By 
Douglas M. Warren
Copyright 1993
	James washed his hands in the stained sink.  Checking them 
a final time, he shook them dry, spattering droplets on the cloudy 
mirror.  He skeptically surveyed his reflection.  His hair was black 
and shiny like cheap vinyl, gathered by a leather band into a braid 
that flowed over his shoulder.  In honor of his totem, the braid had 
been dyed with horizontal stripes to resemble a raccoon's tail.
Slowly turning his head, James eyed his slightly hooked nose.  His 
nose and dark completion marked him as having Indian blood.  
However, his receding hairline bespoke Anglo genes as well.  He 
rubbed his eyes and groaned deeply.  Without looking James 
reached up and yanked the chain hanging from the bare light bulb.  
	He turned away from the sink and removed his buckskin 
coat from a hook nailed to the wall. Dust fell from the aged coat as 
he lifted it.  The rough leather seemed to pick up dust like a 
magnet.  He shook it roughly, scattering more crap into the air.  He 
slipped on the coat, buttoning the polished bone buttons.  The coat 
was a relic from a dead age.  Its intricate beadwork was dulled and 
worn from years of weather and wear.  The coat had been a gift to 
his grandfather from his Ute wife.  She had toiled for years on a 
reservation before the soft-spoken sociologist had swept her away 
with gifts and promises.  Working secretly for months, James'
grandmother had made the coat from native materials and had 
presented it to her husband on their tenth anniversary.  Peter 
Broussard had worn the coat as a badge of his love for her.  When 
Peter's son, Paul, had turned sixteen he was given the coat.  Paul,
in turn had passed it to James when he had turned sixteen.  
	That was nineteen years ago and the world had changed 
since then.  James walked into the main room of his flat.  The dim 
light threw shadows into the corners of the small room.  A dust 
covered trideo screen sat on a shelf cluttered with burned-out 
fetishes.  Mixed in with the useless tokens were several empty cred 
sticks.  With the rent due soon, James had to lay his hands on some 
quick nuyen.  Otherwise, he would be out on the streets, just 
another squatter.  James dreaded that, Seattle wasn't very kind to
its poor.  He made his way to a squat, synthwood dresser and slid 
open  the top drawer.  Two pistols were tucked under a pile of 
rumpled underwear.  James picked up one and weighed it in his 
hand.  The Ruger had never felt quite right to him.  Sighing, he 
stuffed the gun into the waist band of his baggy trousers.  James 
gently picked up the other pistol.  It was nestled in a holster with 
magical symbols carved into the soft leather.  He slid the smooth 
grip into his palm and tightened his fist.  A smile passed across his 
face.  The Predator had always seemed like a natural extension of 
his arm.  After checking the clip, James thumbed on the safety and 
deposited the weapon back into its holster.  He snapped the holster 
on its mounting clips inside his weather beaten coat.  James 
smoothed out the line of his jacket and headed for the door.  
	As he keyed the lock with his thumb he stopped short.  
Reaching up, he removed his war club from its roost above the 
door.  He strode out into the grimy hallway and hung the club on 
his belt as the door closed with an audible thud.  The hall reeked of 
mildew and sweat.  The deep shadows hid ragged transients 
sleeping in smelly heaps.  James shook his head as he stepped over 
a particularly dirty hobo whose bulk had spilled into the center of 
the corridor.  The dregs piled up in the halls on the coldest day no 
matter what the landlord did.  James' face hardened as he moved
closer to the tenement's front door.  As he pushed the door open
his face darkened with a look of intensity.  He was no longer James 
Broussard.  The people in the shadows knew him as Bishop Fuzz, 
magic muscle for hire.  He pulled the supple coat closer to his thick 
frame and scrambled down the cold, stone steps.  The Barrens were 
just starting to come to life in the early dusk.  Fuzz passed a group 
of people wearing cheap, synthleather outfits.  They gave him a 
wide berth as he mumbled under his breath. 
	Watching him as he passed, the punks whispered carefully 
to keep Fuzz from hearing.  "There's that crazy shaman again," one
remarked, "I seen him roast a hole go-go gang without batting an 
eye, chummer."	
	Another added, "no drek, joy-boy, them magic types play 
with ghosts and stuff!  Makes me damn nervous, it ain't natural."
        Bishop Fuzz didn't even seem to notice the surrounding
slum.  He just walked straight to the Purple Haze bar, just like he 
had a hundred times before.  A huge neon light hummed over the 
bar's bronze door.  As fuzz stepped inside he was embraced by a
wafting cloud of purple smoke.  The scent of nic-sticks almost 
choked him before he took three steps inside.  He nodded to the 
bartender and headed toward a table that the orc motioned to.  
Fuzz immediately recognized three of the men sitting at the table.  
One was a big orc dressed like a Seoul Man.  His well tailored suit 
couldn't hide the sinewy muscles of the metahuman.  The larger
occupant Fuzz also recognized.  He was a troll that dwarfed even 
the stout orc.  The troll wore an expensive leather jacket over a 
camouflaged jumpsuit.  He sat facing the door, watching Fuzz 
approach the table.  The third was a rumpled looking human, 
named Deveaux.  The three were talking quietly with a slick 
looking runner and a corp wage slave that was obviously out of his 
element.  Fuzz greeted his associates with a sly smile.  
	"Hoi Jinga, what chased you out from under your rock?"  
The orc frowned and crossed his arms.  The troll snickered and 
shifted in his chair.  Fuzz reached out and grasped the troll's
shoulder, squeezing gently. "Still fooling everybody with the 
jarhead routine, eh Sika," Fuzz laughed.  The troll shot him a 
toothy grin and slapped Fuzz on the arm.  
	"So you finally decided that we were better company than 
the rats in your apartment," the troll inquired.  
	Fuzz shook his head, "Nope, but I gotta make a living, 
what's biz today?"  The troll turned in his chair and introduced the
other people at the table.	
	"This is Mister Kramer,  he is in the employ of an unnamed 
Corp and he would like to hire us for an unauthorized data retrieval 
mission."  Next, Sika motioned to the pudgy human wearing a 
threadbare suit sitting next to the timid wage slave, "To Mr. 
Kramer's left is, as you know, Rick Deveaux, he will be gathering
any information we require prior to the actual mission.  To Mr. 
Kramer's right is Allister Watkins.  He will be assisting you with the
mission's magical chores."  Watkins was a slight man with sandy
hair cut close to his scalp.  His eyes gleamed even in the shadows of 
the bar.  "Naturally, I will be handling the net during our tenure," 
Sika continued, "and Jinga will act as protection if any resistance 
arises."  Sika introduced Bishop Fuzz to the mage and the corp and 
invited the shaman to have a seat.  "This, my new friends, is Bishop 
Fuzz.  He is a Ute shaman of great renown."	
	Watkins snorted contemptuously and sneered at Fuzz.  "Is it 
necessary to include this mystic.  His tricks are no match for my 
real magic."  
	Jinga laughed loudly and leaned over the table.  "Real 
magic?  You don't have to worry about the Bishop, he has got
plenty of juice where it counts,"  the orc's tone suddenly hardened,
"you should have more respect."  Watkins had no way of knowing 
that Jinga's mother had been a shaman.  Her promising career as a
runner had been cut short by a corporate wage mage.  Jinga had 
enjoyed killing that particular mage during a run seven years ago.  
Ever since his mother's death Jinga had distrusted mages.
	Fuzz spoke up loudly to diffuse the confrontation between 
the brawny orc and the mage," Pardon me folks, but I'm not going
to do anything until we discuss some numbers."  The mage eyed the 
orc with contempt as Mr. Kramer wrote on a crumpled napkin.  
The napkin was passed around the table.  Each runner read the 
number and nodded.  When Fuzz's turn came he glanced at their
figure scrawled on the soiled napkin, barely containing a gasp.	
	The take equaled one hundred thousand nuyen each.  With 
that much liquid cash Fuzz could sit tight for a couple months and 
study spells.  He had been playing with the idea for years but had 
never been able to score that many nuyen at one time.  After visions 
of a vacation rushed through his mind, doubt squirmed into his 
head.  Could this wage slave come up with that kind of cash or was 
he bluffing?  If he was bluffing the runners would come down hard 
on him.  Risk without reward was a serious breach in etiquette.  
The napkin was passed back to Kramer and he stuffed it into his 
coat pocket.  For the first time he spoke.	
	"For several months I have been working on a matrix 
program that will, I believe, revolutionize decking.  It surrounds the 
decker's persona with a halo of random data.  If an IC program
initiates action against the persona the random data will absorb the 
force, thereby protecting the decker.  The data halo also serves to 
obscure the decker's identity.  My employers originally asked me to
study ways to increase the security of our grid.  I created the halo 
program to test our IC system.  The halo was almost unstoppable.  
If this program was used by a particularly talented decker, the result 
could prove disastrous for the target."  An intense light burned in 
the programmer's eyes as he described the halo.
	Kramer stopped abruptly and collected his thoughts.  "Well, 
more to the point, recently I believe that my employers have been 
using the halo program to raid systems belonging to other 
corporations.  I, as of yet, have not received any compensation for 
the use of my program.  This is why I have contacted you."  Sika 
the troll stared open-mouthed at Kramer.  
	"Do you realize how valuable such a program is?"	
        "Yes, I have some idea, although decking isn't my
specialty."	
	"Well let me tell you, with a program like the one you have 
described,  no currently running system is secure.  I could transfer 
nuyen from any account to any other account without any trouble 
at all.  Its like owning a key that can open any lock in the world."  
The rest of the runners were licking their chops in anticipation.  It 
looked like the payoff was legit, maybe even too small.  For the first 
time, Watkins seemed interested.  
	The runners talked casually in an abandoned warehouse.  
They waited anxiously, wondering when their contact would arrive.  
As if on cue, Rick Deveaux shuffled in and stacked up several 
empty crates.  He produced a battered briefcase and heaved in onto 
the makeshift table, making it wobble drunkenly.  
        "There ya' go,  this is all the info I could get on the security
of the Aztechnology compound.  There are several possible routes 
in, they're marked in red."  The heavy set man shifted
uncomfortably then continued," still can't figure why Mr. K
couldn't dig up any hardcopies of the compound.  His sources gotta
be more up to date."  Rick opened the case, stacks of computer 
paper spilled out, covering the table.  Jinga picked up a colorful 
map from among the printouts.	
	"What the drek is this," Jinga growled," it looks like a travel 
brochure."  
        Rick snatched the map from the fuming orc's hand, "them
Aztec's are proud of their little home.  I was able to lay my grubby
little paws on this employee orientation packet.  They were even 
nice enough to label almost everything."  All of the runners laughed 
at the portly Cajun's wisecrack.
	"Friends, friends, we must now plan our outing," Sika 
gathered the runners together and began to thumb through the 
printouts.  "My goodness, these men at the compound are paranoid.  
Every room within the perimeter has a full sensor array, if I gain 
access to the net that could come in handy."  
	After waiting a few minutes to give the other runners a 
chance to look over the info, Deveaux spoke, "Far as I can figure, 
the easiest way in is through this service entrance on the north end.  
The traffic on Mercer Street thins out enough at night that we 
won't get no notice.  From there we just gotta cross the park
around the building.  Barghest is what we need to watch out for."  
Deveaux brushed hair out of his face and cleared his throat.  "From 
there my maps ain't much good.  Public areas are marked but
offices ain't.  That's where you take over, Sika."
	The troll nodded agreement and continued the briefing.  
"Once you fellows have breached the outer walls I will lead you to 
Kramer's lab.  I have a way of shutting down the perimeter
security.  Once inside, I will blink the lights along the easiest routes.  
That should be easy enough to follow.  However, the lab's
computers are inaccessible from the outside, which is why you have 
to make it to the lab.  During non-working hours the lab's terminals
and storage equipment are physically disconnected from the net to 
avoid intrusion.  I won't be able to access any of the lab's systems.
Any security in place will have to be bypassed manually.  You are 
responsible for that phase Mr. Deveaux.  Once you have 
downloaded the program, speed is of the essence.  Mr. Kramer 
should be waiting near the service exit for an extraction.  Hopefully 
the operation will look like a kidnapping, thus adding to the 
confu...."	
	"Pardon me," Watkins interrupted, "all of this is very 
entertaining but you have neglected to mention one thing.  Why 
have my magical services been retained?  If the operation is as 
simple as you let on, why not hire a couple more brainless 
razorboys."   Jinga growled and moved toward the small mage.  
Bishop Fuzz laid a restraining hand on the orc's shoulder.
	"I was just about to come to that.  It has been rumored that 
the Aztechnology has a large number of mages on staff to deal with 
security threats.  In order to counterbalance that possible 
complication, we have retained you in addition to the Bishop.  Your 
combined skills should be sufficient to deal with any eventuality."	
        "I have heard a lot of things about the Aztecs' manna troops
and they don't sound to friendly," Fuzz added, "in fact, a chummer
of mine says they stress body count over information, so take them 
down hard if possible, nothing flashy."  Fuzz looked straight at 
Jinga to make his point.  
        "Don't worry Bishop, if you want them cold, I'm your man,
or your orc to be exact."  None of the runners appreciated the 
samurai's levity.  If one person screwed up during a run it could
cost the entire team their lives.  With that much at stake, humor 
was a scarce commodity, caution wasn't.  Bishop Fuzz had trusted
his life to all of the runners at one time or another, except for 
Watkins.  The sly little mage was still an unknown.  Fuzz had 
known Jinga for a little over three years, meeting during a run.  The 
orc was a basically good guy, although a little rough.  However, 
Jinga was obsessed with his image, constantly posturing and 
competing.  He always seemed to be involved in fights over some 
imagined insult.  Usually, the task of mediation fell to Fuzz, the 
oldest member of the group.  Jinga's hypersensitivity didn't spring
from his status as a metahuman.  Quite to the contrary, he was 
fiercely proud of his savage heritage.  This resulted form being born 
an orc.  He had never known anything else and relished the physical 
prowess his parentage had bestowed on him.	
        The team's other metahuman, Sika, was also an old friend
of Fuzz's.  He was small by troll standards, but dwarfed all but the
largest humans.  A refugee of the hellish Yomi Island, Sika had 
turned to technomancy to make up for his small stature.  The other 
trolls welcomed a sharp mind into their usually dull-minded circle, 
finally able to  make bigger scores running the shadows.  After 
accumulating enough nuyen, Sika decided to part company with his 
friends on Yomi, seeking a better living in Seattle.  Coming from an 
area dominated by metahumans, he was unprepared for the naked 
racism  that flourished in his new home.  For many months Sika 
was unable to find work as a decker simply because of his heritage.  
Who ever heard of a troll decker anyway.  
	Six years ago he finally got his chance.  He was approached 
by a shabby looking street shaman who was strapped for cash.  
Jumping at any opportunity, Sika agreed to work for Bishop Fuzz.  
The troll's share of the take had certainly grown since then, so had
his reputation on the streets.  As kind of an inside joke, the decker 
dressed like a samurai.  Most people tended to underestimate his 
worth as a matrix cowboy.  Fortunately, Sika was one of the best, 
adding to the team's effectiveness.
	Originally from the bayous of Louisiana, Rick Deveaux had 
been a valuable member of the group for the last few years.  His 
backwoods charm carried over well in the tougher areas of Seattle.  
Many people mistook his rural mannerisms for a lack of 
intelligence, a big mistake when dealing with Deveaux.  People 
tended to say to much around Rick because they underestimated 
him, but information was his business.  Fuzz trusted Deveaux to 
provide first rate data, never putting profit over integrity.  
Everything about him seemed out of place in the sprawl, from his 
Cajun accent to his old fashioned clothes.  Maybe that was the 
reason Bishop liked the detective so much.  Deveaux didn't
constantly remind him of what his city had become. 
	"That will be quite enough," Sika snapped at Jinga breaking 
Fuzz's train of thought.  "We must plan our actions carefully or
there may be a serious problem."
	"Whatever," Jinga snorted.  
	Deveaux stepped up and continued to lay down his plan.  
"After Sika gets us to the lab I will scramble the electronic lock.  It 
shouldn't take more than a few seconds to  bust the puppy.  Once
inside Jinga will have to jack in to download the program since he is 
the only one of us with a plug.  We are very vulnerable without his 
firepower while he is on line so we got to keep a sharp eye.  
Hopefully the techs that run the lab didn't put to much IC on their
internal system, But you got to be careful Jinga.  I don't think we
got to worry to much about Magic wards in the lab.  Techs don't
like manna flingers to much anyway.  Once we got the program he 
head out hard and fast.  No stopping or splitting up.  We only got 
one ride out and if you ain't there we leave without you.  There will
be a Maxi-taxi waiting for us just outside the gate.  It should be big 
enough to hold all of us, no problem."  Deveaux paused for any 
questions then continued.  "That's it boys, all we need now is a
little luck." 
        "Hit and run," Watkins questioned sardonically, "you can't
come up with anything better than that?"  Bishop had to put a hand 
on Jinga's shoulder to calm him.
        "If you don't like it then don't go," the orc growled.
	"Maybe that is a very good idea." 
	Sika stepped in between the two runners, "Mr. Watkins, we 
need your magic skills to ensure the success of the mission.  I 
assure you that Mr. Deveaux has analyzed all the available 
information  and has submitted a worthy plan.  The payment should 
cover any risks involved in the mission, so please reconsider."  
	Watkins relaxed at the trolls words and nodded, "Yes, 
you're right, the money is to good too turn my back on."  As the 
runners settled down and thought over the plan, Deveaux packed 
up his case and prepared to leave.
	"The job goes down five hours from now,"  Sika addressed 
the runners, "I suggest you all go home and blow off a little steam.  
I need you in top form or we could all get burned.  We are going to 
assemble the team here at six p.m., don't be late."  The troll looked
straight at Jinga.  The orc wore a pained expression and agreed.  
The runners filed out of the building and went their separate ways.
	Fuzz sat on a stool at the counter of a sidewalk food stand. 
	"Hoi, give me a soy dog, no onions."  He flipped the cashier 
a cred stick. 
        "That it?"  The cashier asked as he handed back Fuzz's
now-empty cred stick and his food.  Fuzz nodded and unwrapped 
the dog.  He didn't especially like soy dogs but they were about all
he could afford.  He gulped down the soy-meat and stale bun, 
relishing what little taste they had.  Hunger often acted as the best 
appetizer.  The street shaman wadded up the dog's wrapper and
tossed it into a trash can.  It was about time to meet for the mission.  
Fuzz had sacked out for a couple of hours to make sure he would 
have plenty of energy.  This mission was too important to screw up 
because of a lack of sleep.  If everything went as planned, Fuzz 
could stay up for the next year without worrying about work. 
	He got up and started back toward the warehouse.  He 
checked all of his equipment on the way there.  Evidently the rest of 
the runners were already there.  A beat up Maxi-taxi idled at the 
entrance, waiting to take the runners to the Aztechnology 
compound.  Fuzz opened the door and entered the warehouse.  
Sika sat at a makeshift table constructed from a door and two 
sawhorses.  He was jacked into a portable terminal, his hands 
playing over the keyboard at a breakneck pace.  Rick approached 
Fuzz. 
	"He just checking everything out, just in case Kramer got 
cold feet."  Just then Sika finished his survey and disconnected the 
data plug from his jack. 
        "There doesn't seem to be any unscheduled activity in the
Aztec net, so it looks safe for now," the runners gathered around 
and listened, "this is it folks, just play it cool and safe and there 
should not be any complications.  After all, we are professionals."  
Sika looked straight at Jinga and then Watkins. 
	"Yeah, whatever, Jinga responded angrily, "I got the 
picture, all business." 
	Watkins lounged on a chair in the corner, a look of disgust 
on his face. 
	"Can we please get on with this," he said sardonically.  "The 
sooner we finish this the sooner I will be able to forget this cretin."  
Jinga bristled at the mage's words but managed to hold his anger.
A hundred thousand nuyen was enough to salve even the orc's
savage temper.  "What's wrong tusker?  Have you devolved past
the ability to speak?"  
        Unexpectedly, Jinga just smiled.  "Don't worry, I can speak,
when it suits me."  The other runners stared at the orc in disbelief.  
Never had they seen him control his temper so well.  Usually Jinga 
pummeled first and talked later.  He definitely was up to something.  
Fuzz only hoped it wouldn't interfere with the mission.  Any
distraction could prove fatal, and that included hidden agendas.  
Sika broke the uneasy silence. 
	"I have found a way into the Aztec system.  If you all leave 
in about ten minutes I will be jacked in again and ready to go by the 
time you arrive at the compound.  Rick will fill in the final details in 
the meantime." 
	"Okay folks, this is it.  After we drop off at the compound 
we hit the wall on the north side.  We may have to tank a couple of 
guards, then bang, we in.  Just a run through the park and we slip in 
this side door, only one guard to ace there.  Remember, we gotta 
watch for those hounds while we in the park.  If they corner us we 
shoot em, otherwise no guns, or magic.  That kinda noise attracts 
to much notice.  After that, it's all down hill, till we hit the lab.  I 
got some ideas how to bust the locks but you gotta cover me, so I 
can think.  Getting in is easy, getting out ain't.  Once we got the
program, we scat, quick.  They gonna expect us to go out the way 
we came in, but we ain't.  We are gonna be packin Aztec security
uniforms for the run out.  We ain't gonna wear them in though.  If
we do, they will be expecting it, so we wait till we go to put em on.  
From there we go straight out the front gate on the west side, with 
a Maxi-taxi waiting, wave bye-bye to the Aztecs and wave hello to 
100 grand each.  So what you think, boys?" 
	Fuzz and Jinga both nodded but Watkins just shrugged.  By 
this time Sika was back into the system and ready to go.  Fuzz said 
good luck to the decker as he left, but the troll didn't seem to hear
him.  His consciousness was awash in the sparkling reality of the 
matrix. 
        Sika's persona icon resembled a demon, small and dark,
with twisted limbs.  Its size belied the strength in the misshapen 
arms.  Some deckers tended to underestimate Sika's ability because
of his choice of matrix icons.  The way the troll thought, the flashier 
a decker's appearance in the matrix, the bigger his or her ego.  Sika
chose the demon for several reasons.  First of all, it was cheap.  
When he started out, Sika wasn't able to afford one of the stylish
varieties, so he bought a simple icon program. 
	On his first mission the troll decker encountered  many of 
the usual IC defenses one could expect in a security system.  
However, Sika also encountered something different.  After 
breaching his objective an active alert had gone out.  The system 
was swarming with active IC as well as company deckers.  Sika 
panicked and accessed an out of the way storage node in order to 
hide until the heat cooled off.  Inside the node he found several data 
packs that were unprotected and unlabeled.  He figured they were 
junk data left there by some lazy decker.  He picked them up in 
order to disguise himself.  If the ICs found him they might overlook 
his icon and assume he was just another piece of innocuous data.  
Eventually, the system went off of active alert.  Sika carefully made 
his way out of the net with the information he was paid to steal plus 
the two unlabeled data packs.  
	An experienced matrix cowboy would have discarded the 
two surplus scraps of info, but Sika didn't.  Flushed with his very
first success, he collected his payoff and found the first pay terminal 
he could.  The troll attacked the data packs with ferocity, tearing 
into them and peeling back the layers of useless numbers.  The 
inexperienced young troll's heart fell.  The first data pack didn't
contain anything of value, unless you considered week old stock 
info a hot collectible.  Sika nearly threw away the second batch 
without combing through it.  Fortunately, trolls don't give up
easily.  
	He began to strip away layer after layer of worthless data.  
Suddenly Sika stumbled onto some intact code.  He carefully erased 
all the surrounding data until the hidden program began to take 
shape.  After an hour of feverish labor, Sika cleared away the 
remaining trash and sat back to view his discovery.  He started a 
more detailed investigation by attempting to access the program 
directly.  There were blocks in place to prevent tampering of that 
sort so the attempt failed.  Still not discouraged, the troll tried a 
more unconventional approach.  He attacked the code itself in order 
to determine if it was equipped with defenses.  The program 
immediately sprang to life.  It assumed the from of an imp, quietly 
taking in its surroundings.  The creature scanned the confines of the 
terminal node until its gaze fell upon Sika's icon.  It approached the
decker and sized him up. 
	"Who are you and what is your business here," it asked.  
Sika froze.  This program could only be one thing, black ice.  The 
imp's face hardened when Sika didn't reply.  "I ask again, what is
your business here?"  The young decker didn't know what to do.
Black ice was designed to attack and disable even the most 
experienced Matrix runner.  If Sika didn't get away quickly he
would most likely die.  In the physical world Sika's hand grabbed
the data plug and began to pull.  Jacking out cold was risky but not 
as dangerous as facing the black ice.  His arm froze before he could 
jerk the plug from his temple.  Fire flew from the imp's hand,
swirling around Sika's icon pinning his arms to his sides.  Sika was
paralyzed, caught in an electronic feedback loop.  The harder he 
tried to free himself the weaker he became.  The imp's grin
widened, full of evil and glee.  The IC enjoyed every second of 
Sika's pain.  "Now that I have you, will you answer me?  Why are
you here." 
	"My name is Sika.  I just dug you out of a bunch of garbage 
data," Sika struggled to answer the smirking IC.  A look of 
confusion filled the imp's eyes.
	"I sense you tell the truth, but how did I get here." 
	"I found you buried in a trashed data pack.  I just wanted to 
see what was inside." 
        "I do not understand this.  I shouldn't be here, yet I am.  My
parameters do not include leaving my system.  I must think."  The 
imp froze  stiff while sorting out the situation.  The IC didn't have
commands pertaining to the net outside of its own system and 
without a direct link to its base system, the IC was confused.  "I am 
unable to access my CPU for further commands.  My programming 
directs me to attack only those intruding on my designated node.  
We are not currently in that node, therefore, I have made an error."  
The imp lowered his hand.  The fire surrounding Sika immediately 
disappeared, freeing him.  The imp continued to speak, "there has 
been a catastrophic system error.  I am unable to re-establish 
contact from this location.  I will now default to secondary 
command protocol, system integrity protection.  I must eliminate 
my internal data stores in order to safeguard against its use in future 
intrusion attempts.  Terminate now." 
	The image of the imp wavered, blurring around the edges.  
The icon began to crumble, disintegrating from the inside.  Sika 
watched the imp dissolve into a pile on electronic chaff, yet 
something glinted from within the pile of ashes.  Sika retrieved the 
object and brushed away the charred remains of the imp.  Sika held 
in his hands several lines of code.  He gently spread them out in 
front of his icon, surveying them.  They seemed to be part of the 
IC's imaging program.  It was a high resolution program, possibly
from the Fuchi 10,000 series.  High resolution imaging was 
expensive and hard to come by.  It required hours of program 
sculpting by a talented programmer to achieve a truly realistic 
image.  Sika had something worth several thousand nuyen right in 
front of him.  On a whim the decker accessed his own persona 
program.  He carefully removed the code that gave his icon its 
nondescript appearance.	
        His persona's image wavered, losing its humanoid shape.  In
its place, Sika inserted the imp's imaging program.  His icon began
to take on a new shape, the shape of the imp.  However, some of 
the program must have been missing.  Sika's icon shrunk, its limbs
contorting.  His icon resembled the imp to some degree but the 
program was forced to compensate for the missing information.  
The deformed demon image was the end result.  The icon retained 
enough of the Black Ice's image to make most deckers think twice 
about confronting him.  This, combined with Sika's skills in the 
matrix, made for a great reputation among the distrustful world of 
the shadowrunners.
	Sika didn't even hear the other runners leave the warehouse.  
All of his senses were slaved to the cyberdeck sitting across his lap.  
His large fingers flew across the keyboard with practiced ease.  He 
was on his way through the matrix to the Aztechnology's private 
net.  In the matrix the Aztec system resembled a pre-Colombian 
pyramid with neon lines of light radiating out into the net, 
connecting it with the outside world.  Millions of Nuyen traveled 
electronically in and out of the pyramid.  Using the password 
bought from one of Aztechnology's former programmers, Sika 
bluffed his way past the systems outer security.  Once inside the 
net, all of the resemblance to an ancient Aztec pyramid disappeared.  
The interior resembled highways of light moving from node to node 
carrying millions of bytes of information each second.  Information 
was the currency of the net.
	The password Sika had used was high enough to grant him 
access to most of the system's nodes, but  it was too old to grant 
him access to the juicer bits of Aztec data, but he was not after data 
on this run.   The decker's job was to be the other runners' guardian 
angel while they made their way to the protected lab deep within 
the building.  He began his preparation by locating the complex's 
operations node.  Before entering the node, Sika triggered his 
cyberdeck's backup imaging software.  The demon's features melted 
into a nondescript humanoid shape, one that would be ignored by 
most corp deckers.  Carefully, he entered the node.  Several icons 
flitted around the interior, adjusting various systems to keep the 
complex running smoothly.  They didn't seem to notice Sika as he 
entered. The troll watched the other icons waiting for them to react 
to his presence.  
