been certain how the details of his plot were to be arranged. He
meant in the end to have the estate, and he was ready to use any
tool or run any risk for that end. His first act was to establish
himself as near to his ancestral home as he could, and his second
was to cultivate a friendship with Sir Charles Baskerville and
with the neighbours.
  "The baronet himself told him about the family hound, and so
prepared the way for his own death. Stapleton, as I will continue
to call him, knew that the old man's heart was weak and that a
shock would kill him. So much he had learned from Dr. Morti-
mer. He had heard also that Sir Charles was superstitious and
had taken this grim legend very seriously. His ingenious mind
instantly suggested a way by which the baronet could be done to
death, and yet it would be hardly possible to bring home the guilt
to the real murderer.
  "Having conceived the idea he proceeded to carry it out with
considerable finesse. An ordinary schemer would have been
content to work with a savage hound. The use of artificial means
to make the creature diabolical was a flash of genius upon his
part. The dog he bought in London from Ross and Mangles, the
dealers in Fulham Road. It was the strongest and most savage in
their possession. He brought it down by the North Devon line
and walked a great distance over the moor so as to get it home
without exciting any remarks. He had already on his insect hunts
learned to penetrate the Grimpen Mire, and so had found a safe
hiding-place for the creature. Here he kennelled it and waited his
chance.
  "But it was some time coming. The old gentleman could not be
decoyed outside of his grounds at night. Several times Stapleton
lurked about with his hound, but without avail. It was during
these fruitless quests that he, or rather his ally, was seen by
peasants, and that the legend of the demon dog received a new
confirmation. He had hoped that his wife might lure Sir Charles
to his ruin, but here she proved unexpectedly independent. She
would not endeavour to entangle the old gentleman in a senti-
mental attachment which might deliver him over to his enemy.
Threats and even, I am sorry to say, blows refused to move her.
She would have nothing to do with it, and for a time Stapleton
was at a deadlock.
  "He found a way out of his difficulties through the chance
that Sir Charles, who had conceived a friendship for him, made
him the minister of his charity in the case of this unfortunate
woman, Mrs. Laura Lyons. By representing himself as a single
man he acquired complete influence over her, and he gave her to
understand.that in the event of her obtaining a divorce from her
husband he would marry her. His plans were suddenly brought to
a head by his knowledge that Sir Charles was about to leave the
Hall on the advice of Dr. Mortimer, with whose opinion he
himself pretended to coincide. He must act at once, or his victim
might get beyond his power. He therefore put pressure upon
Mrs. Lyons to write this letter, imploring the old man to give her
an interview on the evening before his departure for London. He
then, by a specious argument, prevented her from going, and so
had the chance for which he had waited.
  "Driving back in the evening from Coombe Tracey he was in
time to get his hound, to treat it with his infernal paint, and to
bring the beast round to the gate at which he had reason to
expect that he would find the old gentleman waiting. The dog,
incited by its master, sprang over the wicket-gate and pursued
the unfortunate baronet, who fled screaming down the yew alley.
In that gloomy tunnel it must indeed have been a dreadful sight
to see that huge black creature, with its flaming jaws and blazing
eyes, bounding after its victim. He fell dead at the end of the
alley from heart disease and terror. The hound had kept upon the
grassy border while the baronet had run down the path, so that
no track but the man's was visible. On seeing him lying still the
creature had probably approached to sniff at him, but finding
him dead had turned away again. It was then that it left the print
which was actually observed by Dr. Mortimer. The hound was
called off and hurried away to its lair in the Grimpen Mire, and a
mystery was left which puzzled the authorities, alarmed the
countryside, and finally brought the case within the scope of our
observation.
  "So much for the death of Sir Charles Baskerville. You
perceive the devilish cunning of it, for really it would be almost
impossible to make a case against the real murderer. His only
accomplice was one who could never give him away, and the
grotesque, inconceivable nature of the device only served to
make it more effective. Both of the women concerned in the
case, Mrs. Stapleton and Mrs. Laura Lyons, were left with a
strong suspicion against Stapleton. Mrs. Stapleton knew that he
had designs upon the old man, and also of the existence of the
hound. Mrs. Lyons knew neither of these things, but had been
impressed by the death occurring at the time of an uncancelled
appointment which was only known to him. However, both of
them were under his influence, and he had nothing to fear from
them. The first half of his task was successfully accomplished
but the more difficult still remained.
  "It is possible that Stapleton did not know of the existence of
an heir in Canada. In any case he would very soon learn it from
his friend Dr. Mortimer, and he was told by the latter all details
about the arrival of Henry Baskerville. Stapleton's first idea was
that this young stranger from Canada might possibly be done to
death in London without coming down to Devonshire at all. He
distrusted his wife ever since she had refused to help him in
laying a trap for the old man, and he dared not leave her long out
of his sight for fear he should lose his influence over her. It was
for this reason that he took her to London with him. They
lodged, I find, at the Mexborough Private Hotel, in Craven
Street, which was actually one of those called upon by my agent
in search of evidence. Here he kept his wife imprisoned in her
room while he, disguised in a beard, followed Dr. Mortimer to
Baker Street and afterwards to the station and to the North-
umberland Hotel. His wife had some inkling of his plans; but she
had such a fear of her husband -- a fear founded upon brutal
ill-treatment -- that she dare not write to warn the man whom she
knew to be in danger. If the letter should fall into Stapleton's
hands her own life would not be safe. Eventually, as we know,
she adopted the expedient of cutting out the words which would
form the message, and addressing the letter in a disguised hand.
It reached the baronet, and gave him the first warning of his
danger.
  "It was very essential for Stapleton to get some article of Sir
Henry's attire so that, in case he was driven to use the dog, he
might always have the means of setting him upon his track. With
characteristic promptness and audacity he set about this at once,
and we cannot doubt that the boots or chamber-maid of the hotel
was well bribed to help him in his design. By chance, however,
the first boot which was procured for him was a new one and,
therefore, useless for his purpose. He then had it returned and
obtained another -- a most instructive incident, since it proved
conclusively to my mind that we were dealing with a real hound,
as no other supposition could explain this anxiety to obtain an
old boot and this indifference to a new one. The more outre and
grotesque an incident is the more carefully it deserves to be
examined, and the very point which appears to complicate a case
is, when duly considered and scientifically handled, the one
which is most likely to elucidate it.
  "Then we had the visit from our friends next morning, shad-
owed always by Stapleton in the cab. From his knowledge of our
rooms and of my appearance, as well as from his general con-
duct, I am inclined to think that Stapleton's career of crime has
been by no means limited to this single Baskerville affair. It is
suggestive that during the last three years there have been four
considerable burglaries in the west country, for none of which
was any criminal ever arrested. The last of these, at Folkestone
Court, in May, was remarkable for the cold-blooded pistolling of
the page, who surprised the masked and solitary burglar. I
cannot doubt that Stapleton recruited his waning resources in this
fashion, and that for years he has been a desperate and dangerous
man.
  "We had an example of his readiness of resource that morning
when he got away from us so successfully, and also of his
audacity in sending back my own name to me through the
cabman. From that moment he understood that I had taken over
the case in London, and that therefore there was no chance for
him there. He returned to Dartmoor and awaited the arrival of
the baronet."
  "One moment!" said I. "You have, no doubt, described the
sequence of events correctly, but there is one point which you
have left unexplained. What became of the hound when its
master was in London?"
  "I have given some attention to this matter and it is undoubt-
edly of importance. There can be no question that Stapleton had
a confidant, though it is unlikely that he ever placed himself in
his power by sharing all his plans with him. There was an old
manservant at Merripit House, whose name was Anthony. His
connection with the Stapletons can be traced for several years, as
far back as the schoolmastering days, so that he must have been
aware that his master and mistress were really husband and wife.
This man has disappeared and has escaped from the country. It is
suggestive that Anthony is not a common name in England,
while Antonio is so in all Spanish or Spanish-American coun-
tries. The man, like Mrs. Stapleton herself, spoke good English,
but with a curious lisping accent. I have myself seen this old
man cross the Grimpen Mire by the path which Stapleton had
marked out. It is very probable, therefore, that in the absence of
his master it was he who cared for the hound, though he may
never have known the purpose for which the beast was used.
  "The Stapletons then went down to Devonshire, whither they
were soon followed by Sir Henry and you. One word now as to
how I stood myself at that time. It may possibly recur to your
memory that when I examined the paper upon which the printed
words were fastened I made a close inspection for the water-
mark. In doing so I held it within a few inches of my eyes, and
was conscious of a faint smell of the scent known as white
jessamine. There are seventy-five perfumes, which it is very
necessary that a criminal expert should be able to distinguish
from each other, and cases have more than once within my own
experience depended upon their prompt recognition. The scent
suggested the presence of a lady, and already my thoughts began
to turn towards the Stapletons. Thus I had made certain of the
hound, and had guessed at the criminal before ever we went to
the west country.
  "It was my game to watch Stapleton. It was evident, how-
ever, that I could not do this if I were with you, since he would
be keenly on his guard. I deceived everybody, therefore, your-
self included, and I came down secretly when I was supposed to
be in London. My hardships were not so great as you imagined,
though such trifling details must never interfere with the investi-
gation of a case. I stayed for the most part at Coombe Tracey,
and only used the hut upon the moor when it was necessary to be
near the scene of action. Cartwright had come down with me,
and in his disguise as a country boy he was of great assistance to
me. I was dependent upon him for food and clean linen. When I
was watching Stapleton, Cartwright was frequently watching
you, so that I was able to keep my hand upon all the strings.
  "I have already told you that your reports reached me rapidly,
being forwarded instantly from Baker Street to Coombe Tracey.
They were of great service to me, and especially that one inci-
dentally truthful piece of biography of Stapleton's. I was able to
establish the identity of the man and the woman and knew at last
exactly how I stood. The case had been considerably compli-
cated through the incident of the escaped convict and the rela-
tions between him and the Barrymores. This also you cleared up
in a very effective way, though I had already come to the same
conclusions from my own observations.
  "By the time that you discovered me upon the moor I had a
complete knowledge of the whole business, but I had not a case
which could go to a jury. Even Stapleton's attempt upon Sir
Henry that night which ended in the death of the unfortunate
convict did not help us much in proving murder against our man.
There seemed to be no alternative but to catch him red-handed,
and to do so we had to use Sir Henry, alone and apparently
unprotected, as a bait. We did so, and at the cost of a severe
shock to our client we succeeded in completing our case and
driving Stapleton to his destruction. That Sir Henry should have
been exposed to this is, I must confess, a reproach to my
management of the case, but we had no means of foreseeing the
terrible and paralyzing spectacle which the beast presented, nor
could we predict the fog which enabled him to burst upon us at
such short notice. We succeeded in our object at a cost which
both the specialist and Dr. Mortimer assure me will be a tempo-
rary one. A long journey may enable our friend to recover not
only from his shattered nerves but also from his wounded feel-
ings. His love for the lady was deep and sincere, and to him the
saddest part of all this black business was that he should have
been deceived by her.
  "It only remains to indicate the part which she had played
throughout. There can be no doubt that Stapleton exercised an
influence over her which may have been love or may have been
fear, or very possibly both, since they are by no means incom-
patible emotions. It was, at least, absolutely effective. At his
command she consented to pass as his sister, though he found
the limits of his power over her when he endeavoured to make
her the direct accessory to murder. She was ready to warn Sir
Henry so far as she could without implicating her husband, and
again and again she tried to do so. Stapleton himself seems to
have been capable of jealousy, and when he saw the baronet
paying court to the lady, even though it was part of his own
plan, still he could not help interrupting with a passionate out-
burst which revealed the fiery soul which his self-contained
manner so cleverly concealed. By encouraging the intimacy he
made it certain that Sir Henry would frequently come to Merripit
House and that he would sooner or later get the opportunity
which he desired. On the day of the crisis, however, his wife
turned suddenly against him. She had learned something of the
death of the convict, and she knew that the hound was being kept
in the outhouse on the evening that Sir Henry was coming to
dinner. She taxed her husband with his intended crime, and a
furious scene followed in which he showed her for the first time
that she had a rival in his love. Her fidelity turned in an instant
to bitter hatred, and he saw that she would betray him. He tied
her up, therefore, that she might have no chance of warning Sir
Henry, and he hoped, no doubt, that when the whole countryside
put down the baronet's death to the curse of his family, as they
certainly would do, he could win his wife back to accept an
accomplished fact and to keep silent upon what she knew. In this
I fancy that in any case he made a miscalculation, and that, if we
had not been there, his doom would none the less have been
sealed. A woman of Spanish blood does not condone such an
irjury so lightly. And now, my dear Watson, without referring to
my notes, I cannot give you a more detailed account of this
curious case. I do not know that anything essential has been left
unexplained."
  "He could not hope to frighten Sir Henry to death as he had
done the old uncle with his bogie hound."
  "The beast was savage and half-starved. If its appearance did
not frighten its victim to death, at least it would paralyze the
resistance which might be offered."
  "No doubt. There only remains one difficulty. If Stapleton
came into the succession, how could he explain the fact that he,
the heir, had been living unannounced under another name so
close to the property? How could he claim it without causing
suspicion and inquiry?"
  "It is a fomlidable difficulty, and I fear that you ask too much
when you expect me to solve it. The past and the present are
within the field of my inquiry, but what a man may do in the
future is a hard question to answer. Mrs. Stapleton has heard her
husband discuss the problem on several occasions. There were
three possible courses. He might claim the property from South
America, establish his identity before the British authorities there
and so obtain the fortune without ever coming to England at all,
or he might adopt an elaborate disguise during the short time that
he need be in London; or, again, he might furnish an accomplice
with the proofs and papers, putting him in as heir, and retaining
a claim upon some proportion of his income. We cannot doubt
from what we know of him that he would have found some way
out of the difficulty. And now, my dear Watson, we have had
some weeks of severe work, and for one evening, I think, we
may turn our thoughts into more pleasant channels. I have a box
for 'Les Huguenots.' Have you heard the De Reszkes? Might I
trouble you then to be ready in half an hour, and we can stop at
Marcini's for a little dinner on the way?"
 Please God, I'm Only 17...                                 July 23, 1989 
                                               
              <=> Brought to you by the Elite Executives <=>               
        The day I died was an ordinary school day.  How I wish I had
taken the bus!  But I was too cool for the bus.  I remember how I
wheedled the car out of Mom.  "Special favor," I pleaded, "all the
kids drive."  When the 2:50 bell rang, I threw all my books in the locker.
I was free until 8:40 tomorrow morning.  I ran to the parking lot, excited
at the thought of driving a car and being my own boss.  Free!
        It doesn't matter how the accident happened.  I was goofing off-
going too fast.  Taking crazy chances.  But I was enjoying my freedom and
having fun.  The last thing I remember was passing an old lady who seemed
to be going awfully slow.  I heard the deafening crash and felt a
terrific jolt.  Glass and steel flew everywhere.  My whole body seemed
to be turning inside out.  I heard myself scream.
        Suddenly I awakened; it was very quiet.  A police officer was
standing over me.  Then I saw a doctor.  My body was mangled.  I was
saturated with blood.  Pieces of jagged glass were sticking out all
over.  Strange that I couldn't feel anything.
        Hey, don't pull that sheet over my head.  I can't be dead.
I'm only 17.  I've got a date tonight.  I am supposed to grow up and
have a wonderful life.  I haven't lived yet.  I can't be dead.
        Later I was placed in a drawer.  My folks had to identify me.
Why did they have to see me like this?  Why did I have to look at Mom's
eyes when she faced the most terrible ordeal of her life?  Dad suddenly
looked like an old man.  He told the man in charge, "Yes, he is my son."
        The funeral was a weird experience.  I saw all of my relatives
and friends walk toward the casket.  They passed by, one by one, and looked
at me with the saddest eyes I've ever seen.  Some of my buddies were
crying.  A few of the girls touched my hand and sobbed as they walked
away.
        Please...somebody...wake me up!  Get me out of here.  I can't
bear go see my Mom and Dad so broken up.  My grandparents are so racked
with grief they can barely walk.  My brothers and sisters are like
zombies.  They move like robots.  In a daze, everybody!  No one can believe
this.  And I can't believe it, either.
        Please don't bury me!  I'm not dead!  I have a lot of living to do!
I want to laugh and run again.  I want to sing and dance.  Please
don't put me in the ground.  I promise if you give me one more chance,
God, I'll be the most careful driver in the whole world.  All I want
is one more chance.
        Please, God, I'm only 17!
                     The PIRATES' HOLLOW                         
              Gfile Distribution Center / MASS Megs              
  415/236/2371          RoR - Alucard               415/236/2371 
   Sysops: Doctor Murdock ~ Sir Death ~ Dark Nite ~ Ratsnatcher  
 Shawn-Da-Lay Boy Production Inc. The Electric Pub : 415/236/4380
        The Gates of Hell are open Night and Day;        
         Smooth is the Descent and Easy is the Way         
                       JACK AND THE BEANSTALK
   Once upon a time there was a poor widow who lived with her son Jack in a 
little house. Their wealth consisted solely of a milking cow. When the cow had
grown too old, the mother sent Jack to sell it. On his way to the market, the 
boy met a stranger.
   "I will give you five magic beans for your cow," the stranger offered. Jack
was unsure and hesitated for a while but then, enticed by the idea of such an 
extraordinary deal, he decided to accept. When he returned home, his mother 
was furious and reprimanded him sternly:
   "You fool! What have you done? We needed the money to buy a calf. Now we 
don't have anything and we are even poorer." Jack felt guilty and sad.
   "Only a fool would exchange a cow for five beans," his mother fumed.
   Then, at the height of her exasperation, she threw the five beans out of 
the window and sent Jack to bed with no dinner.
   The morning after, when he stepped outside, Jack saw an amazing sight. A 
gigantic beanstalk, reaching far into the clouds, had grown overnight.
   "The beans must have really been magic," Jack thought happily. Being very 
curious, the boy climbed the plant and once he reached the top of the stalk he
found himself over the clouds. 
   While looking around in amazement, Jack saw a huge castle of grey stone. 
   "I wonder who lives there," he thought. Jack was very surprised to see a 
path leading to the castle. He cautiously stepped on the clouds and, when he 
saw that they held him up, he walked to the castle. As he stood in front of 
the huge gate, his curiosity increased. He knocked several times on the 
gigantic door, but no one came to open it. Jack noticed that the door wasn't 
locked. With great effort, he was able to push it until it creaked open.
   "What are you doing here?" a thundering voice asked. The biggest woman he 
had ever seen was scowling at him. Jack could only mutter:
   "I am lost. May I have something to eat? I am very hungry." The woman, who 
did not have children, looked at him a little more kindly: "Come in, quick. I 
will give you a bowl of milk. But be careful because my husband, the ogre, 
eats children. If you hear him coming, hide at once."
   Jack was shaking with fear but, nonetheless, he went inside. The milk the 
woman gave him was very good and Jack had almost finished drinking it when 
they heard a tremendous noise. The ogre was home.
   "Fee fl fo fum! I smell the blood of an Englishman!" the ogre shouted.
   "Hide, quick!" the woman whispered, pushing Jack into the oven.
   "Do I smell a child in this room?" the ogre asked suspiciously, snifflng 
and looking all around.
   "A child?" the woman repeated. "You see and hear children everywhere. 
That's all you ever think about. Sit down and I'll make your dinner." The 
ogre, still grumbling, filled a jug of wine and drank it all with his dinner.
   After having counted again and again all the gold pleces of his treasure, 
the ogre fell asleep with his feet propped up on the table. After a little 
while, his thundering snoring echoed throughout the castle. The ogre's wife 
went to prepare the ogre's bed and Jack, who had sneaked out ot the oven, saw
the gold pieces on the table and filled a little bag full of them.
   "I hope he won't see me, otherwise he'll eat me whole, Jackq thought while
shivering with fear. Jack's heart was beating faster, not just faster because
he feared the ogre but because he was very excited. Thanks to all the gold 
coins, he and his mother would be rich. Jack ran down the path over the 
clouds.
   Jack arrived at the top of the giant beanstalk and began to descend as 
quickly as possible, hanging on the leaves and the branches. When he finally 
reached the ground, he found his mother waiting for him. The poor woman had
been worried sick since his disappearance.
   She had been frightened by the giant beanstalk. When she saw Jack come down
and then triumphantly hold up the bag full of gold, she burst out crying:
   "Where have you been, my son? Do you want me to die worrying? What kind of 
plant is this? What . . ." Jack cheerfully interrupted her, emptying the 
contents of the bag before her.
   "You see, I did the right thing exchanglng that cow for the magic beans. 
Now I'll tell you the whole story . . ."
   And Jack told his mother everything that had happened in detail. In the 
days that followed, the widow's humble house was made into a comfortable home.
The gold pieces were spent to buy a lot of things Jack and his mother never
had before. Mother and son were very happy. But as time went by, so did the
money. When the last gold piece had been spent, Jack decided to go back to the
castle above the clouds. This time the boy went inside through the kitchen and
hid once again in the oven. Shortly after, the ogre came in and began to sniff
about.
   "I smell children," he said to his wife. But since she had seen no one come
in, she didn't pay any attention to him.
   After dinner, the ogre placed a hen on the table. The hen laid golden eggs.
Jack saw the miraculous hen from a crack in the oven door. He waited for the 
ogre to fall asleep, jumped out of the oven, snatched the hen and ran out of 
the castle. The hen's squawking, however, woke up the ogre.
   "Thief! Thief!" he shouted. But Jack was already far away. Once again, he 
found his mother anxiously waiting for him at the foot of the beanstalk.
   "Is that all you stole? A hen?" she asked Jack, disappointed. But Jack ran,
happy, to the courtyard.
   "Just wait," he said to his mother. As a matter of fact, a little while 
later the hen laid a golden egg and continued to lay such an egg every single 
day after that.
   By now, Jack and his mother were very wealthy. Their house was completely 
rebuilt. Teams of carpenters replaced the roof, added new rooms and elegant 
marble columns. Then they bought paintings, tapestries, Persian rugs, mirrors 
and many other beautiful fumishings. Their miserable shack was transformed 
into a luxurious home.
   Jack and his mother had not forgotten their previous years of poverty and 
deprivation. So they chose to welcome any traveller who needed food or 
shelter. But wealth doesn't always bring happiness. Jack's mother suddenly 
fell ill or so it seemed. But not one of the many doctors who visited her 
could discover what her illness was. The woman was sad, ate less and less and 
showed no interest in life. She rarely smiled, and then only when Jack was 
near to her. Her son tried to cheer her up, but nothing could save the mother 
from her slow but inevitable decline. Even a circus's famous clown, who had 
been invited especially for her entertainment, received only a sad greeting.
   Jack was desperate and didn't know what to do. All the hen's gold was not 
enough to make his mother well again. So he had another idea.
   "What if I went back to the ogre's castle? Maybe there I could find the 
answer," he thought. He shivered with fear thinking about the giant's huge 
hands and mouth, but the hope of helping his mother encouraged him to face the
danger again. One evening he gathered all his courage and climbed once more 
the giant beanstalk. This time he entered the castle through an open window. 
He sneaked in the darkness to the kitchen and hid inside a huge pot until the 
following day. After dinner the ogre went to get his magic harp, an instrument
that sang and played marvellous music. While listening to the harp's sweet 
melody, the ogre fell asleep. In his hiding place, Jack was captivated by the 
harp's song as well. When he finally heard the ogre snore loudly, he lifted 
the pot's lid and saw the extraordinary instrument: a golden harp.
   He quickly climbed on the table and ran away with the harp in his hands. 
The instrument woke up the ogre screaming:
   "Master, master! Wake up! A thief is taking me away!" The ogre woke up 
suddenly, was disorientated for a couple of seconds but then realized what was
happening and began chasing Jack. The boy ran as fast as he could and the harp
kept calling out.
   "Shut up! Shut up! If you'll play for me, you'll be happier," Jack kept 
telling it breathlessly. He finally arrived to where the leafy top of the 
beanstalk poked through the clouds. Jack crept along the ground and slipped 
down the stalk quietly. The harp did not make a sound and the ogre didn't see 
Jack go down the plant. When Jack got down to earth he called to his mother,
   "Look what I've brought you!" The harp began to play an enchanting melody 
and his mother smiled happlly.
   But up there in the clouds someone else had heard the harp's beautiful song
and Jack soon realized with terror that the thick beanstalk was shaking under 
a very heavy weight. The ogre was coming down to earth!
   "Hide the harp and bring me an axe! I must chop down the plant before the 
ogre gets here," Jack said to his mother. They could already see the ogre's 
huge boots when the plant and the ogre finally crashed to the ground. The ogre
fell down a cliff nearby. The ogre's wife never found out what had happened to
her husband and as time passed Jack no longer felt in danger.
   The magical sound of the harp cured his mother's sadness and she was once 
again happy and cheerful. The hen kept on laying golden eggs. Jack's life had 
gone through a lot of changes since he had accepted the magic beans. But 
without his courage and his wit, he and his mother could never have found 
happiness.
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
:   Earth's Dreamlands    :  Info on: RPG's,  :(313)558-5024 : area code    :
:RPGNet World HQ & Archive: Drugs, Industrial :(313)558-5517 : changes to   :
:  1000's of text files   :  music, Fiction,  :InterNet      : (810) after  :
:   No Elite / No porn    :   HomeBrew Beer.  :rpgnet@aol.com: Dec 1,1993   :
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
                   Odnaar Keep
                      by
                David M. Millstein
               Introduction
     Odnaar Keep is an adventure designed for the 2nd Edition
Advanced Dungeons and Dragons Role-Playing Game.  It has
numerous extremely difficult opponents, and the party members
should be of no less then twelfth level, with a suggested
maximum of sixteenth.  A good party would have around eighty
combined levels or so.  There should be at least two mages,
two fighters, and a cleric is suggested.
               Dungeon Master's Background
     Approximately four centuries ago, there lived a rather
famed (and later feared) barbarian fighter named Kyarr
Battlewood.  After a while, his renown was so great that
people began following him, and he soon amassed an army.
Kyarr erected a large keep to house it, naming it Odnaar
after his barbarian clan.
     But power corrupted Kyarr.  His army began pillaging
nearby villages, then towns, and even launched a short-lived
war against a neighboring country until it was apparent
Battlewood would be defeated.
     As an addition to his army, Battlewood reputedly
attempted capturing a young red dragon.  They managed to
bring it back to the keep, but it escaped, causing great
havoc.  And then something happened.
     A terrifying shriek was heard, and a furious storm raged
across the countryside.  Legend says that the dragon summoned
some...Thing from another world, and that It decimated Kyarr
and his army.
     All give Odnaar Keep a safe distance.  Only a very small
number of either stupid or brave adventurers have dared
enter, and as expected, haven't been heard from since.
     What actually happened may be even worse.  The dragon
that Battlewood's army captured, Flameburst, was an
intelligent one, and though fairly young, was well studied in
Dark things.  Flameburst had recently learned of rituals to
contact the Outer Planes of Existence when he was captured.
When he was captured, he burst free from his prison and
entered Kyarr's tower.  There, infuriated by the barbarian-
general's attempt at imprisonment, summoned a Pit Fiend
Baatezu from the Nine Hells.
     The Fiend immediately demolished Battlewood's army, and
took up residence in his tower.  Flameburst served as
guardian and co-ruler of the empty Keep.
     Currently, the two are working on a dark ceremony that
will free from Hell the Chromatic Dragon known as Tiamat, an
evil being of great death and destruction.  With the help of
her cleric, Thewyar, they near the completion....
                    Player's Background
     The PCs are assumed to be in the area perhaps as a rest
between adventures, or maybe looking for work.  Either way,
they come to the small town of Turen.  As they come to the
town square, read the following:
     The monotony of the warm summer day is broken by a
feminine voice shouting from Turen's town square.  You follow
     The town square is filled with a large crowd of perhaps
fifty people.  In the center, on a raised dais, stands an
elven woman dressed in brown leathers, a short sword at her
waist and a large brown sack next to her.
     "But you must believe me!" she cries.
     "Ah, but we do believe ya," answers a villager.  Shouts
of agreement.
     "Look, we all saw the battle, it wasn't but two days
ago, now.  But we ain't never been to the Keep, and there
ain't nothin' makin' us go, ya hear?"
     The woman sinks her face into her hand.  When she looks
up, you note she's been crying.
     "But there is an evil in that Keep, you all know that!
And soon it'll be powerful enough to kill you all!  We can
still stop it!  You know it's powerful, no dragon simply
attacks another for spite!"
     A villager, angry, raises his hand in a fist.
     "How do ya know so much about Wyrms, eh?  Maybe yer in
league with 'em!  Never can trust a pointear, that's what I
say!"
     A few cries of approval, though no one else argues his
remark, no one vocally agrees either.
     "Then I cannot help any of you.  It saddens me to see
there are no heroes left in this world?  My work has
apparently been for naught.  Losing my companions on the
dangerous journey here was worthless, too, I presume?
Apparently so.  I think I may give myself to the creatures in
the Keep just to prove myself.  You realize not what
destruction your cowardice will bring."
     Now would be an opportune time for the PCs to offer
their services.  She will be flushed with happiness, and
brings them to a local tavern, The Orc Princess.  Read the
following:
     The Orc Princess is a rowdy place, and the title fits as
well.  When first entering, your eyes are immediately drawn
to the crude painting of an orc with flowing blond hair,
wearing a long, blue gown.  She carries several flowers in
her hand and gives a toothless smile.
     The patrons are either guzzling beer, arm-wrestling,
talking, or sleeping.
     The woman, who introduces herself as Salana Nightblade,
tells the PCs to mingle while she finds a table and orders
meals.  The following are some encounters the PCs may have in
the bar:
Krugek the Undefeated: Krugek is an ugly-looking half-orc
who's is sitting at a table, surrounded by onlookers.  He is
a rude man, and is the current champion of an arm-wrestling
game that's been going on since last night.
     The Rules
        The rules of the game are simple.  A contestant makes
a wager, of at least 1 gold piece, and adds it to the purse,
which is currently at 15gp.  The contender then must arm-
wrestle Krugek, and the winner gets the control of the purse.
The loser must pay his wager.  The following are the stats
for Krugek.  He will be angered if he loses, and insult the
winner.  If the winner responds, he'll attack for three
rounds before deciding to leave.
      Krugek
     F2, S 18/78, D 11, C 14, I 8, W 7, CH 4; AC 10; THAC0
19; armed with dagger; XP 15
Rumors:  The PCs may decide to listen for rumors.  Roll 1D10
and consult the following for rumors concerning the Keep.
 1- The Keep has become a nesting ground for orcs, who will
    guard it to the death. (False)
 2- It's protected by a powerful anti-magic spell, so
powerful that mages are actually injured when they come near
it. (False)
 3- An extremely evil monster has made it's home in the
    Tower. (True)
 4- That sneak attack by the red dragon on that gold last
night was because the gold was going towards the Keep. (True)
 5- There is a gateway in the lower reaches of the Keep that
leads to another dimension. (False)
 6- Kyarr Battlewood has managed to keep himself alive
    through dark magics, and is amassing an army of undead.
    (False)
 7- The entire treasure of the Keep is still there, untouched
by anyone, for whoever dares to go in there. (True)
 8- The Keep is now the domain of a powerful lich named
    Saadir.  He is transforming nearby orcs into undead
    soldiers for his army. (False, though Saadir is
    Flameburst's True Name.)
9-  A powerful high-priest of evil dragons is operating with
an evil monster in the Keep Tower. (True)
10- The Gods themselves have taken up residence at the Keep,
    as a way of spying on the mortal world. (False)
Hey, You!: A thin, wiry man is standing in a corner, and
calls over the character with the lowest Intelligence.  He
asks if that character would like to make some easy cash.
The man explains that all he has to do is, when no one is
looking, sneak behind the bar counter and get his ring, which
is in a brown box.
     This is a trick.  The man, whose name is Jolen, knows
that box has the barkeeper's emergency funds, and is armed
with a trap that fires a dart at whoever opens it, causing
1d4 points of damage.  A failure to Save vs.  Paralyzation
results in paralysis for 1d6 rounds, long enough for the
innkeeper to throw the character out of the inn.
     After a little bit, Salana calls the characters over to
the table, and says the following:
     "I suppose I should tell you my story.  I am Salana
Nightblade, of the Qui'arn Elves.  I have made it my duty to
protect the wilderness from corruption by the forces of evil.
As a hobby, I also study dragons.
     "About a week ago, I first heard about Odnaar Keep.  In
case you don't know, let me tell you.  Odnaar Keep was
founded by a powerful barbarian named Battlewood about four
hundred years ago.  He amassed a huge army, that was the fear
of the land.  They attempted to imprison a red dragon, but it
broke free, and apparently destroyed him and his army.  Now
legend says that there is a powerful evil that dwells in the
tower at the Keep, possibly a force other then the red
dragon, if that's even still there.
     "Now, when I heard of it, I cross-referenced the site of
the red dragon's capture, and various sightings and other
information, and have deduced hat it is the dragon known as
Flameburst.  I fought him once a number of years ago when
staying at a village a few hundred miles from here.
     "I learned from Jhem, a gold dragon acquaintance of
mine, that Flameburst was very intelligent, but was driven by
severe megalomania.  He is obsessed with power, and for
decades had been trying to contact the Outer Worlds.  I
believe that he may of contacted...something when he escaped
from Battlewood, and that THAT is what decimated his army and
is the source of these legends.
     "If that is so, this force must be stopped.  There's no
telling what destruction will...may be unleashed if they
aren't.  Are you with me?"
     The PCs should agree.  If they do, Salana allows them to
ask any questions.  Here's answers to one they might ask:
     Any way to help us?
   "Only this.  This is a map I obtained from the body of a
fairly powerful cleric that was found with his head torn off
about a mile from here."
     Once the PCs get up to leave Turen, Salana says some
more:
     "Now, last night a huge battle erupted.  Although the
townsfolk don't know, I know who and why it happened, as I
was there.  I was traveling here with some companions that
I'd met along the way, and we'd made camp to await Jhem, who
was going to help us convince the townsfolk to help us.
     "All of a sudden I saw her flying towards us, coming
from the direction of the Keep.  I tell you, never in all my
years have I seen a dragon so frightened, and to see Jhem
like that!  She appeared to be flying stuttered, as if
wounded already, but I saw no wounds.
     "Then, Flameburst appeared, who'd been in hot pursuit of
Jhem.  That beast breathed it's flame with Jhem's back
turned.  The poor girl never had a chance, as it caused great
damage.  I saw Jhem, burning, slam into the ground with
mighty force, but before I could do anything, Flameburst
swooped by, and breathed upon our party just out of spite.  I
do not believe he recognized me.
     "I was the only survivor, the others were killed.  I
think we should investigate Jhem's body first.  There is
something of.....ours that I need."
     Proceed with the journey.
     Soon you come to a clearing, obviously not natural in
origin.  Smashed trees lay everywhere, shattered into
thousands of little splinters.  At the middle of the clearing
is a heart-breaking sight.
     A huge, hulking gold dragon -it can only be a dragon-
lies still, it's back burned black.  Tens of little insects
swarm over it's body.  Under it seeps out a gigantic puddle
of drying gold dragonblood.  It is turned so that it's rump
is facing you, and you get a good view of the damage cause
from Flameburst's breath.
     As the PCs begin to investigate, Salana walks around to
the other side.
     As you come closer to the dead creature, you hear a loud
shriek.  The voice can only be Salana's.  You run to the
other side of the corpse, to find Salana's mouth wide open,
and she is pointing downward.
     Jhem's head is gone.  Hundreds of little maggots are
thriving on the dragonmeat.
     Have the PCs make an Intelligence check at -1.  Anyone
succeeding notices the ending of several large cuts on the
bottom of the dragon.  You realize this shouldn't be, since
Salana said that it was killed only by Flameburst's breath.
     The only way to get a better view of the cuts is to roll
Jhem over.  Salana will suggest this if the players don't.  A
combined Str of at least 50 is required to turn Jhem over.
     If they accomplish this feat, read:
     There is a loud "thump" as the dragon rolls onto it's
back.  The drying dragonblood sloshes off it's stomach
slowly, like molasses.
     The entire bottom of Jhem is covered in two to three
foot long gashes.  Aside from the expected blood in the
gashes, there is a strange, crusty purplish material around
them.
     This is the dried poison of the Pit Fiend (see NPCs).
Also, the entire stomach is brown, the results of the
beginning of the disease that the Fiend gave to Jhem.  If,
for whatever reason, the crust comes into contact with a
liquid (like water or the still-not dried dragonblood), it
will become the poison that a Pit Fiend has.  It can either
be ingested through the mouth, or will take effect 1d10
rounds if left on the person.
     Salana will be even more surprised.  She kneels down
next to the body, resting her head against it.
     "This is..this is horrible.  I wanted to come to Jhem to
take a magical necklace she wore, since she said I should
take it if anything ever befell her.  But why would her head
be removed, and what caused these wounds?  Those are not the
wounds caused by a dragon's claws.  We must make haste to the
Keep."
     And they will do so.  It is about a days' travel to
Odnaar Keep, through a deep forest part of the day and plains
for the rest.  Salana will prefer to rest as little as
possible, but will finally agree after about half a day's
walking.  Once they make camp, run Event 1.
     You are all about to settle in for the night, when you
suddenly feel a large gust of wind from the west.  Running up
to the edge of the hill you are camping on, you see a
gigantic silhouette of some, huge, winged, horned creature
flying through the air.
     The shape swoops down above an herd of grazing cattle.
The cattle let out childish cries and whimpers, and begin
running in all different directions.
     Suddenly, an enormous pillar of flame launches out from
the shape, making the night seem like the morning.  It also
lets you see what the shape is.
     A dragon.
     A red dragon, to be exact, and a very large one.  Salana
whispers,
     "Flameburst!  Get down!  Get down or he'll see us!"
     As you duck down, the flame ends, and the remaining
cattle, scared of the huge bonfire burning their fellows, run
straight towards Flameburst.  The dragon gives them a hellish
grin, scoops about seven of them up, and swoops off to the
west.
     You stay down for a full minute before the shape
disappears, protected by the darkness of the night.  Salana
walks back to camp silently, and calls you over.
     Returning to the camp, you see that Salana has next to
her a large sack, embroidered in gold.
     "I brought along some powerful magical items that will
help us, but I was waiting to know if we'd definitely need
them.  Now I know that we do.  It is a magical bag, larger on
the inside then on the out."
     Salana reaches in, pulling out: A long, majestic two-
handed sword, with an ivory hilt carved into the shape of
winged, muscled men.  It is covered with runes; a small
shield, completely metallic and cool to the touch; a blue
potion; a golden suit of plate mail, perfect in every way,
and a single arrow with black feathers, covered in arcane
runes.
     "These are powerful items that I've gathered.  It's
taken me a long time to get them all, so please distribute
them among those that can use them best.  I do not know what
they do, except for the potion.  Imbibing it grants the
drinker the breath of a blue dragon."
     Out of her bag of holding, Salana has produced the
following, in order:
* A sword +2, +4 versus evil creatures.
* A small shield +3, +4 versus red dragon breath
* A potion of blue dragon breath
* A suit of plate mail +2
* An arrow of evil dragon slaying (2d10 + hp dmg to one.)
     The party can now rest and continue on their way.
                  Odnaar Keep
     The PCs, along with Salana, now come to the entrance of
Odnaar Keep.  Once within sight, do not roll for random
encounters, as Thewyar, Flameburst, and the Fiend have
managed to scare or kill everything nearby.  Read:
     You now come to what can only be the entrance to Odnaar
Keep.  It is surrounded with a twelve-foot stone circular
wall, which surprisingly is crumbling in few places.  Weeds
creep over it though, like a mother's arms around her child.
     The only apparent entrance in is through a front gate,
long since rusted to brittleness.  Next to the gate is a
large stone, engraved with the following in a form of Old
Common:
               Odnaar Keep
                 Home Of
               The Army Of Lord Battlewood
                 Bringer Of Death
     The gate can easily be smashed open by anyone with a
Strength of 12 or more.  Careful inspection shows that there
are two skeletons near the gate, buried by centuries of dust
and dirt.
     The following is the listing of areas for Odnaar Keep.
Use the map of the Keep, each number corresponding with it's
description here.  If the PCs enter the Tower, skip to that
section.  Every ten minutes, there's a cumulative 10% chance
they'll meet Thewyar and 1d10 gnoll followers.
               Area 1 - South Entrance
     You stand at the entrance to Odnaar Keep.  On either
sides of you for about thirty feet are buildings, caved in on
many sides.  Very far down, though, you see a large stone
tower, in a state of disrepair.  Right in front of the tower
is a huge dark hole.  A cold breeze runs through the air.
               Area 2 - Barracks
     These are the buildings to the left of the PCs.  They
used to house the soldiers.
     This is a large building, apparently used to house a
great number of people.  Most of the ceiling has caved in,
and everything looks burned.  Skeletons lie everywhere.  You
can make out a number of beds, some of which have burned
skeletons in them.
     If the PCs decide to search the place, they may.  Things
of interest to be found are:
* A chest holding a beautiful battle axe +1.
* A large box under a bed, locked, containing 568 gp.
* A large iron key (see Area 17, Pit Tunnel)
               Area 3 - Guard Outpost
     These were made to see if an advancing army was
approaching.  A skeleton lies in each.  Anyone entering must
make a Dexterity check, or smash through the rotted floor,
taking 1d4 hit points of damage.
               Area 4 - Well
     It first looks like a small circular hole.  When
approached, read:
     This "hole" is apparently a well.  As you bend down to
look inside, you suddenly realize the odd slant of the ground
here, and teeter over the edge.
     Anyone failing a Dexterity Check falls 20' to the bottom
of the well.  At the bottom is about two feet of water,
coming in from a now defunct pipe that led to a since-dried
up underground lake.
     The fall disturbs a zombie.  The zombie was originally
an adventurer killed by Thewyar, changed into a zombie, and
thrown down here.  He is a particularly rancid one, as he has
become bloated and even more rotted from his constant
exposure to water.
     Zombie (1): AC 8; MV 4 (smashed legs); HD 2; hp 16; # AT
1; Dmg 1-8; AL N; THAC0 19; XP 65
     The zombie carries a short sword, rusted so that it has
a -1 penalty.  It wears a suit of ring mail, rusted to
nothingness.
     The only way out of the well is either through three
successful Dexterity checks at -1, or by a surface member
throwing down a rope.
               Event 2 - A Disagreement
     Suddenly there is the sound of beating wings, and a loud
rush of air.  You recognize the huge shape of Flameburst
emerge from the night sky, and swoop down to the roof of the
Tower.
     A light goes on in the top of the room, sending yellow
rays through the window holes.  There is a low grumbling as
the dragon whispers something.
     A loud, hellish voice responds.  In fact, it sounds as
if ten different people speak at once.
     "NO!  No you worthless scum!  I require more bejienroot,
not hooves' grass!  It will be too late by the time you
figure out what to do!"
     The dragon's nostrils flare up.
     "Mock me not, Gathaur!  You are but a pawn in the
Queen's scheme!  I shall get your damned bejienroot, only
because I have the knowledge that she'll dine on you once we
free her!"
     The voice replies, "Perhaps she'll find your scaled hide
more to her liking."
     Flameburst let's out a "Bah!", and swoops away from the
Tower, over your heads.
     "HE want ME to be his slave?!  We'll see about that!"
     The dragon lets out a billowing blast of red fire, and
it hits a nearby building, which explodes into fire.  The
dragon flies off into the night, and the light goes out in
the tower.
     What just occurred is that Gathaur, the Pit Fiend, has
been gathering ingredients for the summoning ritual.
Flameburst has been out looking for bejienroot, an
ingredient, but returned with the wrong one by accident.
They argued, and in a fit of rage Flameburst set fire to the
stables.  The party has ten rounds to explore it before it
burns to the ground.
               Area 5 - Stables
     This is where Kyarr kept the army's horses.  It's in
pretty good condition for a wooden building.  IF they PCs
enter after Saadir has burned it, keep a count for how many
rounds it's been burning.  At the end of the tenth round, it
collapses to the ground, causing 2d10 points of damage.
Otherwise, every round in here while it burns means a player
must make a Dexterity check at -2 or be hit by burning wood
for 2d4 points of damage.
     This building looks like it was used to hold something.
 A large, rotted wood fence surrounds it.  There are a number
of oddly shaped skeletons in front of it.
     Anyone making a Wisdom check recognizes them as horse
skeletons.  If they enter, read:
     Entering the building you find what appears to of once
been horse stalls.  It's quite possible you're in a stable.
More skeletons lie around.  In the stall immediately to your
right, there is a large chest.  It is badly burned, and a
skeleton is draped over it, as if protecting it.
     This chest was used by a soldier to hide his belongings.
Anyone opening it without disarming or checking for traps
receives 1d6 points of damage from a noxious gas, and must
Save vs. Breath Weapon or faint for 1d6 rounds.
     Inside the chest is:
* 56 gp
* A long sword +2, +5 vs. dragons
* A suit of plate mail +1
     There is also a torn and battered brown book, written in
Old Common.  Anyone making a Wisdom check or with the Ancient
Languages proficiency can read it.  It is the journal of
Yuarr Bladestrike, a high-ranking fighter\priest in Kyarr's
army.  Most of it is daily things, such as various holidays
of his patron deity, Odin.  The last entry is important.
Read:
               Journal--
                      I fear this is the last time I write to
you.  At this moment the huge red beast that we captured for
Lord Battlewood, which had barricaded itself in the room we
built for it, has flown out of the whole it created, and is
killing our men.  As for the chanting I'd heard earlier, it
may be-
       Something just came out of the pit.  It is a tall
thing...it's horrible!  Claws, wings, it's using magic!  My
god...we're all being slaughtered!  Odin, save us!  Please,
All-Father, don't let it- it's coming this way.  I must
quickly hide you and arm the chest.  I pray I will be able to
return-it just broke the door down.  My fate is surely
sealed.  I pray it doesn't find my father's weapon,
Nightsbane...there may be a way to stop the beast.  It's
name!  It's name was- run Event 3.
               Event 3 - Dragon's Fury
     Suddenly the familiar sound of beating wings returns,
disrupting your reading.  A loud bellow shakes the
foundations of the building.
     "I think not, scum!"
     Suddenly the roof of the building tears away, and the
starry night sky and moons shine down upon you.  But blocking
the light is Flameburst holding the roof in his hands.  He
flies lower.
     "Fools!  You obviously haven't learned of what happens
to those who enter the Keep uninvited!"
     Flameburst drops the roof onto the party, putting out
the fire but causing 2D8 point of damage to anyone inside.
Making a Dexterity check at -2 halves the damage.
     Flameburst now flies off and enters his lair.
     The diary is now lost in the rubble.  Characters should
search for it, so use the following to determine if it's
found:
      Everyone has a base chance of 30%.  Add 10% for every
point of Dexterity above 13.  Subtract 10% for every point
below.  Add 5% for every point of Intelligence for every
point above 13, and subtract five for every point below.  Add
10% for those with infravision.
     If found, they learn that 'The red beast's true name
is...Saadir.' .
               Area 6 - Armory
     This stone building has stood fairly well over the last
few centuries.
     It is easy to tell that this building was an armory of
some sort.  Crushed breastplates and wooden molds lie across
the floor.  In one part of the wall is what looks to be a
forge, the door is shut.  A loud, monotonous banging comes
from inside.
     Inside of the forge is a slightly different form of
zombie, originally a traveling mage assaulted by Thewyar, and
shoved into this forge.  His left foot is chained to the
inside of the forge, so that he can never leave, though has a
reach 4' outside of it.
     Mage Zombie (1): AC 10; MV 0 (chained to forge); HD 3;
hp 17; #AT 1; Dmg 1-8 or spells (see below); AL CE; THAC0 20;
automatically gains surprise when door is opened,
