various visits, covering a wide range of topics. Later on he came by less
often; he had a project of some sort going on up in Northland that was
taking up a lot of his time. I never found out what it was.
    
    This pattern of repeated visits lasting several days was quite common for
Te Aroha's visitors. The average stay was about two days, but this figure
includes cases such as half a dozen people in a car stopping for the night,
having been caught out half-way to Auckland. Ignoring these occurrences,
the typical stay was three to four days. (The official limit of stay in a YHA
hostel was three days; however, only the busiest hostels in the busiest seasons
stuck to this.) The record stay during my time was fourteen days, for a young
Japanese chap. Long stays and repeat visits made the difference between
existence and nonexistence for the hostel: it was so out-of-the-way, and
located so close to several other highly desirable places for long stays
(Tauranga, Opoutere, Rotorua) that it had to make the most of anyone who
came along. Fortunately, as I'll show later on, the area had enough
interesting things to see and do that between these and the homey hostel,
achieving these goals was relatively easy.
                                    ###
Interlude:=================================
Skit Gubbe:
One card-game that hostellers had introduced me to at Whakatane proved
very popular at Te Aroha on rainy days. This was a Swedish game known as
`Skit Gubbe' (`Shit, Old Man'). See the diagram below. The game is played
with a full deck, sans Jokers. The best sport is with four or more players.
Each player receives four cards, laid out in a square on the table in front of
them. Each player may look once at each of the two cards closest to them
after the initial deal, and once at each new card they are dealt after the
initial four.
    Most cards possess their face value, with the King and Queen worth ten
and the Jack zero. The object of the game is to achieve the lowest point-
score from each deal. Hence Four Jacks (score zero) is unbeatable, while
four picture cards and/or tens (score forty) is hopeless. The hands can be
played individually, or else an overall score with upper/lower limit may be
kept. (The normal limits are +100 and -100.)
    Cards after the initial four are dealt one to each player in turn. The player
looks at the card dealt them and decides whether to discard it immediately
(face-up on a `discards' pile) or to replace one of their present four cards
with it. (In this case the old card is first removed and placed face-up on the
discards, and the new card is then placed in the vacant position.)
    Dealing continues until any player, after completing their turn but before
the next player has their turn, knocks twice on the table. After a player
knocks, the other players each have one more deal. When the turn returns
to the knocker, the knocker has no turn; instead all players face all their
cards up in turn, starting with the knocker. The points are counted. The
winner is the player with the lowest score. That person has their score
subtracted from their points total (if an overall score is being kept). Joint
winners neither gain nor lose, except as below. The other players have their
score added to their points (if an overall score is being kept). If the knocker
is the winner, the subtraction from their score is double their points on this
hand; if the knocker is a joint winner, they neither gain nor lose, but the
other winner(s) subtract their points from their score(s); if the knocker is a
loser, the addition to their points is double their score. The cards are
collected and a new hand dealt. Any player whose score gets too high (i.e.
exceeds the {100?} limit) is `out'. The game continues in this way until either
one player drops below the lower limit, or only one player is left. That player
wins the game.
    A very simple game to play, mechanically speaking, Skit Gubbe's skill lies
in tactics and strategy. Luck is minimal; deciding when to knock is vital. An
element of uncertainty is added by not knowing the value of two of the
initial cards dealt in each hand. When one of these cards is discarded and
proves to be a Jack, the normal comment is `Oh shit, a Jack!'; hence the
name of the game. (In English it is usually called `Oh, Shit'.) It is best to
knock before your point score reaches zero because, after all, while zero is
an unbeatable score it does not reduce your own overall score; and while you
are trying to achieve it, someone else may knock and catch you with too
many high cards! On the other hand, unless you have had time to ensure
that you know all your cards are low, those two `unknown' cards can ruin you
if they turn out to be high. And it is wise not to knock if you suspect
someone else has a lower score -- double subtractions and additions can
change the strategic situation very quickly!
              3
             
             
             
             
              
              
2                           4
              
              
             
                       
                     stack 
             
               discard 
                           
              1
In the above diagram, Player 1 deals. After the deal but before play begins,
each player can look once at each of their own two cards closest to them
(the player being represented above by the appropriate number). The other
two cards may not be peeked at until they are placed on the `discards' pile.
After a card is discarded it may be replaced by a new card from the face-
down `stack'. The player may look at this card before placing it in the vacant
spot before them; thereafter they may not peek at it until it, in turn is
discarded.
    Have fun!
End Interlude===============================
    The hostellers made the hostel, for me, and their endlessly cheerful -- or
troubled -- or thoughtful -- or annoying -- nature completed the healing
process that `History' has spent so many words documenting.
    When I came to Te Aroha, I had myself well sorted-out. If I hadn't, I
couldn't have handled the comings and goings of so many people. What
remained to be done was to live my new ideas, to find out which were
unworkable or needed adjustment and to become at-home with the
philosophy detailed in SECANT 3. Over the next fourteen months I did so,
gradually learning how to cope with the various tests that life threw at me.
    One thing that I held in abeyance during this period was sex. Not always
or entirely by choice -- but it happened that the times when I was open to
temptation rarely coincided with the times when the sort of person I would
be attracted by, or who would be attracted by me, was present. Once I was
attracted strongly enough by someone to speak to her about it. (She turned
me down.) Once someone was attracted by me strongly enough to make a
pass. (She chose the wrong time and place, and when we reached the right
time and place for me, her interest had cooled.) Apart from these instances,
and the sort of non- or half- serious flirting that is a routine part of adult
life, however, I was celibate during my time as a hostel manager.
    The longer I was in contact with hostelling, the more one comparison
forced itself on me: the similarity between hostelling and fandom. Hostellers
average above the average in intelligence, they see themselves as a group
apart from the main stream of travellers, they congregate, and they
participate in various group activities. Many parallels can be drawn between
the two groups.
    But in fact this similarity is deceiving, for hostelling, even more than
fandom, is a way of life for those practicing it while they are practicing it.
Whether fandom can be considered to be a way of life at all is open to
doubt, for the number of fans who participate in fandom to the exclusion of
almost all else is small. Career, family, other groups of friends, other
interests, all lay claims on the time of most fans. No matter how serious the
individual is about their fanac, fandom remains a part-time affair and
therefore cannot be said to rank as more than a hobby -- regardless of their
claims to `FIAWOL'. But when you travel, you travel completely from the
time you leave home to the time you return. I'm not talking about holidays
touring, here, but about going off and living in another place for a time, with
no intention of settling down and for no particular reason other than that it's
what you want to do. This is an attitude that is particularly noticeable among
hostellers.
    Of course, even hostelling can be seen as a part-time or temporary way of
life, for relatively few people choose to spend their whole lifetime travelling
(probably about the same proportion as manage to spend all their waking
hours on fandom). But travelling has a lot more in common with `true'
countercultures such as the old hippies than does fandom. Even hippies
rarely devoted their entire lifetime to their alternative way of life; but while
they followed it, they lived it completely.
    After getting to know hostelling, I found that I could no longer see
`FIAWOL' as any more than a quaint and plaintive assertion, a squeak
against the thunder of reality. I'm unsure whether this is a loss or a gain. At
any rate, I am left to `live' fandom as best I can, unable any longer to see it
as the great and Serious matter that it once seemed to me to be.
    Either way, I was preoccupied for a long time by my own internal
redevelopment and with observations such as this. I arrived at Te Aroha with
my new ideas fully developed, but I still lacked confidence in them and in
myself. The hostel and the hostellers at TE Aroha gave me that confidence.
                                    ###
Outside:
There was plenty else to do at Te Aroha than sit around and chat in the
hostel. The area had many attractions. Mountains and valleys, farms, hot
springs. Most hostellers went to explore at least some of these things.
The Valley:
Six kilometres south of the hostel lay the Waiorongomai (Wy-oh-rong-go-my)
Valley. This valley was the setting of the anecdote that opened this episode
of `History'. That story is not entirely unique. Perhaps it was something in
the Valley, but I noticed, time and again, that if I went up there with just
one other person, male or female, all the barriers would drop away just for
that day, and not return until we left the Valley.
    My other preferred spot in the Valley was further upstream, and the
swimming pool was very small -- perhaps four metres across -- but was very,
very deep. It was the basin for a waterfall of sorts -- perhaps a `sluice' is a
better description, for the water flowed on the stone until it was about two
feet above the pool, so the free-fall section wasn't much. But with a little
scrambling it was possible to reach the top of the fall, and then slide down
the smooth rock on your ass, to land in the middle of the pool with a huge
splash. A path did overlook this spot, but it was not much used and I soon
found that the typical hosteller who was willing to join me in nudity was, like
me, not much bothered by the possibility of being overlooked.
    The stream is not the only attraction of the valley. There is a gold-bearing
quartz-seam running through the northern wall of the valley, and in the later
years of last century and the early years of this, the town of Waiorongomai
boasted 6000 people and dozens of gold companies. Few made money, for
the ore was low-grade and required a lot of work to refine. Today the town
is gone completely, though it is possible to find signs of where it once stood
provided you know where it was. And there are still many tunnels around,
so many that it is dangerous to wander off the beaten tracks in case you
`find' a hidden shaft the hard way. But a favourite walk is to follow the
pathway of the horse-powered railway line that was made to bring the ore
to the crushing batteries. The construction of this link had been no mean
feat -- as the modern explorer learns when they try to follow the track up
Butler's Incline. The rusted tracks make good hand-holds for the hardy
person braving the slope. Unfortunately, there is rather a long length of
track to traverse before you reach the top...
    For those willing to climb up out of the valley, there were stands of Kauri
trees, never milled, in the crinkles of the Kaimais; and the walking tracks
that took you to those trees could take you on over the ranges to the coast,
a stiff 25-kilometre hike. I explored the valley and the area around it
throughout my period at the hostel, but when I left I had not exhausted the
variety of the area.
The Easter Comet:
The cold wind blew up the mountainside and rattled the loose top of the
billy. Birgit tapped the lid to reseat it. Franois measured instant coffee into
the cups. I lay on my back nearby, peering up through Dannie's binoculars
in search of the elusive fuzzy Comet.
    The return of Halley's comet was an event that I had been looking
forward to for many years, my anticipation rising with each year that passed
and brought no comet worth the title into naked-eye sight. Kahoutek had
been a null, and no other comet in my lifetime had lived up to the stories I
read about the monsters of the past. So I had built my hopes on Halley's,
which had a good track record.
    Easter 1986 had been listed as a good time to see the comet. Mountains
are good places to see comets from. Here I was with a major comet coming -
- and me living on a mountainside. All I needed was a reason to get up at
1am to climb the mountain. A hostel-full of hostellers would surely yield a
group interested in comet-watching? And so I scheduled a major weekend
event for Easter at Te Aroha, including all the usual attractions of the area
plus a barbecue, a walk around the Waiorongomai, etc. I arranged for
overflow accommodation in the town in case more people turned up than
could fit in the hostel. I bought enough food for a small army.
    In the event, there were never more than eight people staying at the hostel
on any given day over the weekend. They were: Birgit and Franois
(Canada), Margaret and Michael and Andrew (US), Derek (England), Ina
(Germany), Joerg and Madelene and Marilene (Australia). (That's ten
people, but Madelene and Marilene stayed only one night.) However, two
out of the three that arrived on Thursday were interested in the walk, so that
worked out. And here we were, halfway up the road, brewing a cup of coffee
against the cold.
    I finally spotted a fuzzy dot, more or less where the comet should be. So
far so good. The next step was more trouble, since I had to describe where
it was to the others. By the time we were all agreed that each had seen the
same (possibly cometal) object, the  coffee water was about as warm as it
was going to get and our hands were turning blue.
    The temperature was not surprising, since it was about 2:30 am of an
autumn morning and the weather was not clement. The major obstacle to
finding the comet had not been its dimness and small size, but drifting high
cloud -- the forerunners of a rain mass. We were all wrapped up as warmly
as possible, but no matter how we huddled into our coats, the wind slid
icicles into the corners of our eyes and lapped a frigid tide around our
ankles.
    We had paused for coffee and comet at a point where the road bent
around the back of the mountain and the wind was cut into eddies. Now,
coffee downed and binoculars back in their case, we resumed our ascent of
the mountain. The road was gravel, and existed to link the tower at the
summit with the rest of the world. It started at the northern edge of the
town and wound its way up and south around the back of the mountain
before switchbacking northwards and winding al the way back again, to reach
the summit just as it reached the front of the mountain. It was a ten-
kilometre trudge, and the only reason we had chosen to climb the mountain
this way was because the other way -- straight up the track from the Domain
-- was too dangerous in the dark and, since it lay across the front side of the
mountain, was liable to interference from the town's lights in any place
suitable for comet watching, which would tend to dim the comet slightly.
________________________________________________
  Requiem -- Easter '86.  In case I'm not here
  and anyone wonders, the final score was:
  27/3 THURSDAY.  Three hostellers.  Hot tubs,
    early to bed.
  28/3 FRIDAY.  Manager & 2  hardy  Hostellers
    arise  at  1am and climb the mountain for
    the sunrise.  Stop  partway  to view Hal-
    ley's Comet (success!).  Very cold at the
    top, but the beauty warmed our souls.  On
    the way back we walked the new Tui Domain
    track  --  excellent value!  A  short-cut
    back to the hostel from the old reservoir
    finished  it  all  off  with a good laugh
    (but only later). Rest of the day used to
    recover in. Six hostellers this night.
  29/3 SATURDAY.  Rained morning but afternoon
    fine.  Manager and five foolhardy hostel-
    lers set off to explore part of the Waio-
    rongomai  --  Water Race Track,  Butler's
    Incline, Stables, Buck Rock, then down to
    Bulldozer Track and back, in time for the
    barbecue.  With locals,  seventeen people
    (Manager, 8 Hostellers, 8 locals) enjoyed
    this  everyone-join-in   feast.   A  high
    point. Blessings to everyone.  Last night
    5  people  crammed  into  a 4-person spa.
    Tonight we managed to get 9  into  the 8-
    person tub. Brilliant fun.
  30/3 SUNDAY. After sundry changes of plan...
    a party of 10  (6 Hostellers plus Manager
    plus  driver's  children  plus  driver --
    thanks,  Helen!)  set  off  to  challenge
    Wairere Falls and  picnic  atop  the  de-
    feated  obstacle.  Probably the most suc-
    cessful event yet,  apart from the barbe-
    cue.  Must  repeat this some time soon --
    it can stand the repetition.  8 people in
    the 8-person tub  was neither as cozy nor
    as crowded as 9, come the hot spa time. 8
    Hostellers here tonight.
  31/3 MONDAY.  The mass exodus left us with 4
    Hostellers to climb the mountain (threat-
    ening weather canned the hope of a sunset
    picnic).  The  main  party made it to the
    top in 1 hour 31 minutes, and the Manager
    was the first to  the  trig  point  after
    beating off  some  determined  challenges
    from American quarters. Excellent view --
    White Island, Mt Edgecumbe, Mt Karioi, Mt
    Pirongia,   Hamilton,  Thames,  Matamata.
    Back via  Tui Domain  track  (none of the
    present party had been there on Thursday)
    and  a  raucous,  laughing  visit  to the
    Pools.
                      -- from the Visitor's Book
________________________________________________
    We climbed. Every so often we could look up and see the gleam of lights
in the blockhouse that served the tower. They seemed invitingly close, but
approached with horrible sloth. Then they were cut off entirely as we
approached the switchback, and thereafter we climbed in inky darkness until
the final few metres, where the gravel turned to asphalt and the lights cast
a faint gleam over the damp surface.
    By the time we had rounded the blockhouse and clambered up the small
fragment of original summit, atop which the trig point perched, the cloud
had covered the sky and had lowered to brush the mountain. We debated
going straight back down, then decided to wait for the dawn: sunrise on Te
Aroha, with the red globe sizzling from the sea in a fury of pink clouds, was
not a sight to be missed.
    We huddled together like seals, mingling what warmth we could and
draping ourselves in blankets brought with us from the hostel. We laughed
and talked and told jokes and cursed the cold and shivered. We were more
than half mad from fatigue. And the grey mist lightened and lightened, took
on a rosy glow -- and never did let us see the sun rise.
                                    ###
That easter gave me plenty of other memories, which -- alas! -- I simply can't
fit even in the monstrously bloated space available here. See the sidebar at
left for a concise account, taken from the account I wrote into the Visitor's
Book later. Although the group was much smaller than hoped-for, everyone
participated to the full, so that we got a good turnout for most events
anyway.
    Perhaps I should amplify on some points mentioned in the sidebar,
though. Helen, the driver on the trip to Wairere Falls, was Dannie's wife.
The Falls themselves are about 25 kilometres south of Te Aroha, and drop
about a hundred metres in one step. The water level was low when we went
there, but the volume of water was still quite impressive -- especially con-
sidering the fact that the stream responsible ran only a few kilometres before
leaving the Kaimais via the Falls. The area is covered by particularly good
forest, and is very beautiful. Most hostellers did not go there, however,
because of the distance involved.
    The `tubs' and `Pools' refer to Te Aroha's major tourist attraction other
than the mountain, and that is the exceptionally fine hot mineral waters that
rise in the town's park, the Domain. In one place, close to the start of the
track up the mountain, there is a soda-water geyser that spouts about every
half hour. Water is siphoned from below the geyser and elsewhere to fill the
tubs in a set of bath houses. There are six tubs in use: one old, large,
rectangular one and five newer, circular ones, each in its own private room.
Two are designed for two people, two for four, and the central one for eight
people. The price in 1986 was $2.00 per person per half-hour period. The
price was very reasonable. The water was cleaner and much less sulphureous
than that at Rotorua. Meningitis amoebae had never been detected (though
it is routine precaution not to duck your head in any hot pool in NZ).
Visitors could warm or cool the water by manipulating a pair of taps. Pumps
forced air through leaky tubes, so that visitors could enjoy a spa or a soak
at the flick of a switch. Louvre windows allowed control of ventilation. Each
pool had a cold shower adjacent to it, for those wanting to rinse off (strong
hearts required!).
    The pools were visited by pretty nearly everyone who came through the
hostel, and it was common practice to collect as many hostellers as possible
and go as a group. No two groups were identical, and the experience was
different every time. Sometimes people would be modest and wear swimsuits;
more often everyone would strip off; occasionally some would do one thing
and others the other. Sometimes the groups were all-male, sometimes all-
female, most often mixed. The nationalities were the most mixed of all,
though after a time some national traits did stand out. For one thing, a
mixed group never had two Japanese of opposite sex (though Japanese
couples would go together). Many US men clung grimly to their trunks, even
if the rest of the party was nude; others would hang back until they saw what
the rest of the group was doing. US women were less hesitant, and tended
either to cling to their swimsuits no matter what, or be the first to throw
them aside. Few European men thought twice about stripping down, while
European women would usually go topless but less frequently nude. The men
were more likely to use the cold showers (and to do so more than once in
a visit). The groups would usually arrange themselves around the tub in
alternating male-female-male order. Sometimes the group would sprawl, legs
and arms mingling in a snaky mass in the middle  of the tub and over the
sides of it; other times people would sit primly, arms and legs tucked in, as
if avoiding contact with their neighbours. Topics of conversation depended
on the makeup of the group, but conversation tended to dwindle after the
first fifteen minutes, as everyone relaxed. Sometimes the cold tap would be
on, sometimes the hot, depending on the preferences of the most
temperature-affected people in the group. Whatever the group, the walk
back to the hostel afterwards always took much longer and was much more
sociable than the outward trip. The hot water performed miracles of barrier-
breaking between the participants.
    Te Aroha's hot pools have a long history. They fertilised the town's
settlement in 1880, providing not only better water than Rotorua, but being
closer to Auckland as well. People travelled long distances to enjoy the
`therapeutic' waters. I came across a reproduction of an old poster
advertising the spas, which labelled them the `southern Bethesda' and
illustrated itself with various semi-clad bodies floating in bliss in the steaming
pools. The gold-mining period must have been a boom-time for the pools,
which, alas, barely make their expenses today.
    A final item that deserves mention here is the farm run by a couple of
local YHA members. They welcomed hostellers interested in seeing a day on
a NZ dairy farm. Sometimes they would invite the hosteller to stay for
dinner, too, though by no means always. NZ and Australian hostellers
weren't too interested in this trip, but most other visitors who did it came
back rosy-eyed and singing its praises.
                                    ###
Cycle-Tour:
Around the beginning of 1986, I bought a second-hand bicycle. I used it for
local (i.e. within a five to ten kilometre radius of Te Aroha) travel for a
while before I bought a set of pannier bags and other accessories and
converted it for cycle-touring. Now I could begin the exploration of the
nearer North island that I had been looking forward to for so long!
    One pleasant aspect of the job of managing Te Aroha was that my relief
manager -- Dannie --was always keen to take over the job for a while. (As
mentioned, he had long contended that a resident manager was an
unnecessary expense on the hostel's slim funds.) He was quite happy to have
whoever was resident at any time go away for a few days and let his family
and the local Branch run things. In fact, he encouraged this. It fitted in with
my own plans, so I was only too pleased to do so.
    My pattern was to work seven days a week for a month or so, then take
several days off at once -- joining the `saved' weekends together. Whereas a
mere two-day weekend could never have allowed me to go very far away, a
four- or six-day one would.
    In sitting down to check dates and places for this section of `History' I
discovered that I had been on rather a lot of trips on my bike. To talk about
all of them would require more space than even SECANT makes available.
Besides which, some of them tend to blur together in my memory. So I've
decided to talk about a few of the major ones, and drag in occasional refer-
ences to events that happened in the ones that I'm not reporting. In the case
of my Opoutere visits in particular there is a certain element of
`reconstruction' in the tale told here. Everything I report, I did; but I don't
guarantee it happened on that particular trip! Memory is a wonderful
process.
Coromandel:
My very first tour was quite cautious in terms of daily distances; but given
the shape of the land I intended to explore, an ambitious milage would be
asking for trouble.
    The Coromandel Peninsula is the northern end of the group of fold-
mountains that Mt Te Aroha figures so prominently in. It projects from the
body of the North Island like the dorsal fin of a shark; eighty kilometres
north to south and from twenty to forty kilometres east to west. The spine
of the peninsula reaches forested peaks of three-quarters of a kilometre, and
except for small pockets of alluvial plain where streams and rivers come
down to the sea, the spine makes up the entire area of the peninsula. On the
east it is beaten by the Pacific Ocean; on the west washes the tranquil Firth
of thames. The Firth is gradually shortening as the rivers running down from
the Hapuakohe (Hah-poo-ah-koh-hee) & Ruahine/Coromandel Ranges silt
it up and add the new land to the Hauraki Plains.
    There are five main towns on the Peninsula, which is rather more densely
populated than the Marlborough Sounds I talked about in `History' Part
Four. Thames, the largest, has about 6000 people year-round. Whangamata
(Fahng-gah-m'-tah), next largest, has a variable population of about 2000 in
winter and 25000 in summer (yes, a twelve-fold difference between seasons).
Whitianga (Fitt-ee-ahng-gah) is about the same size as Whangamata is in
winter. Coromandel and Pauanui (Pow-wah-noo-ee) are both around or
below the thousand mark. Apart from, and scattered around, these towns,
there is a large but variable number of people who cannot be said to live in
any -- retired, holidaymakers, the rich and the poor, the dropouts and the
hermits.
    Travel on the peninsula is hindered not only by the landform (the shortest
route from Thames to Whitianga involves cresting a 448-metre pass just eight
kilometres inland) but by the condition of the roads. Despite mammoth
efforts by the Ministry of Works, most roads -- including sections of State
Highway 25 -- are not yet paved. Dirt roads are bad enough in a car; on a
bike they cause agony!
    I set out from Te Aroha on the 3rd of february, two days after my 28th
birthday. I whizzed down the hill from the hostel, made a tricky speed-turn
onto Highway 26, and headed north. I was quite pleased with a 55-minute
run to Paeroa (21 km from Te Aroha), and started to feel that perhaps this
cycle-touring business was not as hard as the hostellers made it out to be. I
had a drink and pushed on, following the highway along the base of the
Coromandels. I was in new territory, now. I had been through Paeroa many
times in the past, but always via State Highway 2.
    My second hour was not quite so easy, and I was glad to stop for a rest
at the hamlet of Puriri (Poo-rih-ree): a petrol station, a small store, and a
handful of houses. Forty kilometres from Te Aroha, two hours fifteen
minutes used. Not so good, and the day was getting very warm.
But on average there was a slight seaward slope to the land. That helped a
lot. When I moved on from Puriri I dropped down a gear from five in high
ratio to four in high ratio (or ninth to seventh out of ten gears). The land
was starting to fall and rise a little and I needed the help that the lower gear
offered.       Shortly I crossed Highway 25 at Kopu (Koh-poo). The map says I
was close to the Waihou (wye-hoo) River, but I don't remember seeing that.
But even without looking at the map, I could tell that I was nearing Thames:
there was a rapid increase in the density of houses, and I was passing
occasional factories.
    It took me three and a half hours to cover the 55 kilometres from Te
Aroha to Thames -- a miserable average! But I felt quite good as I filtered
through lunchtime traffic to Sunkist Lodge, a private hostel where I planned
to stay the night. My modest first step in cycle-touring had proved successful.
    I remember little of this particular stopover at Sunkist; I ate, worked on
my bike, went downtown to look around, and then went to bed. If anything
else happened, my memory has not bothered to record it.
    Thames cramps itself into the narrow stretch of flattish land that separates
the mountains from the water. I was able to walk the width of the town in
five minutes. But it rambles along the shore for several kilometres, as I
noticed the next day when I cycled on.                                                                            _
    The morning was cloudy, but that later cleared and the day became very
hot and cloudless. The road undulated along the shoreline: there was only
a narrow strip of `flat' land between the water and the slopes of the
mountains. The first 30 kilometres went quite smoothly, though my legs (and
my bum!) were sore from the effort the day before. A painful derriere is the
price a cyclist pays when setting out after a break of more than a few days.
I don't remember how long the first section of this day's ride took, but I do
remember a break at Tapu (Tah-poo) for a drink.
    This `honeymoon' 30 km ended at the base of a hill. The road swerved
inland and climbed (it seemed, looking up from the base) vertically into the
sky. Hot, sweaty, and not at all eager to face this ogre, I wheeled my bike
down onto a nearby beach and went for a swim. The water was in icy
contrast to the steam my body had been exuding. Ten minutes left me
refreshed and ready to tackle the hill.
    I had a speedometer on my bike. So I know that the first grade was 2
kilometres of grueling climb. I walked my bike most of it: the first hundred
metres convinced me that either (a) I needed a finer first gear for the bike
or (b) I needed to fitten up before attempting hills with the insouciance of
the experienced cyclists I'd seen while hitching around...
    Half a kilometre of glorious downhill travel, then another 2 km climb. I
had to stop half way up this one and rest: I overexerted myself and felt quite
faint from the heat. But I had my reward -- a four kilometre freewheel down
to the flats around Manaia (Mah-nye-ah) Harbour. Then a short stretch of
level riding before a three-kilometre hill (three up, three down). (A side
note: on the downgrades I hit 60 kph, and thought this noteworthy. If
someone had told me that within a couple of months I would be coasting at
up to 95 kph I'd have told them they were nuts. But it happened, and why
I am still alive to tell about it I don't know!)
    I cruised into Coromandel feeling tired but exultant. I had handled some
hills! Following a set of signposts I took the `Long Bay' road at a crossroads
and found myself a tent site and all the salt water I wanted in a motorcamp,
for the very reasonable sum of $3.50 per night. Ten cents in a slot gave me
a very good shower, and after resting up on the stony beach till after
sundown (the sunset was beautiful --  brilliantly coloured, with a few wisps
of high cloud to add contrast) I went to my tent and fell asleep.
    The next day I declared to be a `rest day'. My bum was too sore to let me
ride far. Instead I went into Coromandel and had a look around. There is
a small museum devoted to the gold and kauri days. I enjoyed the three
hours I spent wandering and looking. I bought a few small fragments of gum
as keepsakes. Then I went back to the camp and had a laze on the beach.
The holiday season was well-advanced but there were still many families
staying in tents and caravans at the camp. I spent a while talking to a young
couple from Auckland, but the details of the conversation have slipped away.
All small talk, I suppose; but it passed the afternoon pleasantly. Another
good sunset, and again to bed and sleep early.
    So far the road had been good -- well maintained and, more importantly,
topped with asphalt. My next day's effort showed me the other face of the
Coromandel. I had been hoping to cycle north to Cape Colville, but had
foolishly set out from Te Aroha with no spare tyre. Since all my gear was
stored in a pair of rear panniers and an overnight back secured above them,
my back tire was carrying quite a load. If it became irreparably damaged
north of Coromandel, I faced an inconvenient delay and a humiliating
dependence on hitching back to Coromandel for a new one. (Why I didn't
just buy a new one before going north, I can't remember. I wasn't
particularly short of cash, as I proved later on when the back tire did die
under me. It's a mystery to me today.) So I decided to go to Whitianga. 
Hearing that there were extensive patches of gravel on Highway 25 between
Coromandel and Whitianga, I said `whatthehell' and took the scenic route -
- the secondary road which follows the courses of the Waiau (Wye-ow) and
Mahakirau (Mah-ha-kee-rah-ow) Rivers. More fool me. Instead of isolated
gravel, I found myself on almost twenty kilometres of almost continuous dirt!
What's more, the road climbed much higher than Highway 25 would have
demanded of me. I lost almost an hour on the far side of the pass, repairing
a punctured tire (I'd hit too large a stone too hard while enjoying the
freewheeling downgrade). But I did enjoy the sensation of isolation and
independence. There were many beautiful views as the road crawled along
the face of the mountain with deep, green, forested valleys and deep, sun-
faded sky.
    When I met Highway 25 on the other side of the peninsula, I turned left
and made my way into Whitianga to look around and have a rest. The place
was dead, so I hailed a taxi and -- well, actually I did hail a taxi of sorts: to
get me across a very narrow gap of water I used a ferry. 90c/ to cover 200
metres of water. But it cut more than 10 kilometres off the distance I still
had to travel that day. I followed a set of winding dirt roads through
moderately-well-settled holiday area, that finally brought me to Hot Water
Beach.
    Hot Water beach is an otherwise ordinary beach that has as its sole
distinction a couple of springs of thermal water which trickle their boiling
liquid up through the sand near the bases of some boulders. The springs are
covered by the sea at high tide, but when the sea withdraws the area is
rapidly covered by an alternative tide: one of people busily digging the pools
in which they hope to enjoy a relaxing salty wallow. By the time the sea
returns, the area near the springs resembles a relief map of Venice with the
intricate network of little sandy canals that have been dug to divert the water
(hot from the springs, cool from the sea to keep the temperature bearable)
where it is wanted. On occasion latecomers, desperate to fend off the
advancing waves as long as possible, rear massive dikes of sand on their
seawards side. I'm sure we're all familiar with what one small child can do
to sand between one tide and the next; imagine fifteen or twenty adults,
equipped with full-size shovels and spades, cooperating frantically in a similar
endeavour, egged on by their bonelessly relaxed friends. And all their efforts
in vain: the sea rises inexorably and crashes through the barrier, flushing the
bathers from their holes and erasing all signs of human works -- until the
next low tide.
    Here I stayed two nights. Nights -- ah, yes, that brings to mind the after-
dark frolics. For by day the population of the wallows would be families, in
full bathing attire; but by night the young adults would make the area their
own. Torches were forbidden, and the typical attire was the skin one was
born with. Not that much happened that Mrs Grundy could have called
`promiscuous'; sand and hot seawater worked together to discourage that!
But in the anonymity of the darkness, hands and feet found their way into
very strange places, even if you were perfectly motionless and in a wallow
you'd thought you had all to yourself.
    The beach itself is set in a beautiful semicircular bay, surrounded by green
hills and open to the Pacific. I can't remember what I paid for the tent site
I used, but I believe it was about $5.00 per night, which in NZ at that time,
especially considering the 20c/ showers, was quite a high tariff. On the other
hand, the cost of supplying the amenities in such a remote location must
have been quite high -- perhaps this balances the equation somewhat.
Certainly, it was nice to be able to rinse away the salt with a hot shower.
    Rested and thoroughly refreshed, I rode away on the 8th of february. My
first three sections of cycling -- 55 km to Thames and 54 to Coromandel,
then 48 rough ones to Hot Water Beach, had hardened my muscles. I now
intended to try another small 48-kilometre stage, but this one involved
features from all three earlier stages: flat, undulating, hilly, and dirt road. An
interesting challenge.
    I'll pass over most of that ride -- you've read similar passages already. The
only incident that stands out in memory is discovering, while coasting down
a long slope near Tairua (Tye-roo-ah), that my back tire was going `flat'. I'd
hit 60 kph a couple of times and assumed that in one of those peaks I'd
pinched the tyre on a stone. You can imagine my horror when I got off the
bike at the bottom of the hill, only to discover that the reason it had gone
flat was that the tire had worn through in places, and in one such place
contact with the road had finally worn through the inner tube as well! I am
here today to bore you with my adventures only because the air escaped
slowly. If it had `blown out' while I was doing 60 on a turn, I'd have reached
the base of the hill the fast way -- over the edge.
    But my luck held, and a man stopped and gave me a lift in to Tairua,
where I managed to find a garage that stocked both tires and tubes. My only
loss was the $30 that these necessary replacements cost me. (An indication
of the wear that cycle-touring adds to a bike can be gained by considering
that the tire had been new when I bought the bike, and that when I left Te
Aroha it still looked practically unworn. About 175 km of Coromandel roads
had simply destroyed it.)
    Towards sundown I turned off Highway 25 to take a familiar road to my
day's destination: the YHA Hostel at Opoutere (Oh-poo-teh-ree). It felt like
coming home; for if the hostel at Pittwater (north of Sydney) is my favourite
Australian hostel, that at Opoutere is my favourite in New Zealand.
Opoutere:
Opoutere YHA is located by the Wharekawa Harbour, a tidal estuary of the
river of the same name. It is quite popular, registering four to five times the
usage of Te Aroha, which puts it into the small-medium range for NZ
hostels (which range from less than 1000 hosteller-nights (`overnights') to
more than 22000). Even more than Te Aroha, however, Opoutere survives
because those who come there stay several days; the hostel is somewhat
difficult of access for those without wheels, since the bus service is infrequent
and the hostel is several kilometres off the main road.
    The hostel comprises three dormitory buildings, a house for the Manager,
and a fairly large set of grounds. It is rated at 32 beds but can fit quite a few
more people at need. It snuggles beneath a moderately high cliff, from which
some good views of the area can be obtained, and is set in native bush. (One
interesting feature of the grounds is the two young kauri trees planted by the
manager in around 1981 and 1983. In 1986 the latter was a slender sapling
a bit taller than a man, and the former was a solid young tree about four
metres high. Kauris are slow to grow but are enormously long-lived. These
may outlast the hostel.)
    Walk left out of the main gate and down the road a hundred metres or so,
then turn right past the public outhouses. Down a track to a car park, cross
a bridge slung over a branch the estuary, walk through the pines -- and you
emerge on my favourite NZ beach. Opoutere Beach: four and a half
kilometres of golden sand backed by dunes and trees and cliffs, one end the
mouth of the estuary, the other a rocky prominence.
    There is a bird sanctuary at the estuary end, facing onto the estuary. The
estuary itself is a cornucopia of edible shellfish. The waves on the outer
beach are gentle or rough as the mood and the tides take them, but on the
estuary side the surface laps gently on only slightly muddy banks. The hostel
boasts a couple of kayaks (usually out of commission) with which the
estuary's corners can be explored. (But watch out for the rip at the mouth
on the ebb!) An afternoon with a pair of binoculars will prove rewarding for
the birdwatcher.
    The surf-lashed outer beach is often almost deserted on weekdays (at
weekends, particularly on Sundays, families move in), maybe four people in
the whole length. As a bonus, by tacit agreement of most of the locals,
clothing on the beach is optional. The pursuit of the all-over tan is thus
simplified.
    Towards the north end, a small stream comes down to the sea. Cross the
stream and the remaining sand, and suddenly cliffs draw in close to the
shoreline. Follow the cliffs around and you will find a quiet retreat, built
partly into a cave, where you might spend a night or two if you're short of
money or just want to be away from civilisation for a while. (Definitely slum
quarters, unfortunately, but you can always sleep outside if you don't trust
the filthy sponge-rubber mattress.)
    The sunsets are pretty, too, to me, who was raised to watch the sun
descend into the sea. At Opoutere the sunset is behind anyone gazing out
to sea, but the constantly changing play of the light as the night creeps up
the eastern horizon is endlessly fascinating. The subtle golds and greens and
blues in the sky, reflected by the water and merging with the water's own
darker swirling and the fading pink sea-foam, framed by the gold sand and
the heavy green trees, are very lovely.
    Several islands are visible from the dunes. The closest is a group of three:
in order of proximity Rabbit, Penguin, and Slipper. The largest and farthest
is Slipper, and this island figured in world news a couple of years back when
possible graveyards for the Rainbow Warrior were being considered. At one
time it looked as if the ship would be scuttled in shallow water near Slipper
island, where people could come and see it, a perpetual reminder of an
infamous deed by a country `friendly' to NZ.
A Walk in the Dark
The night was sultry. After tossing for several hours in my little room in the
corner of the big building, I gave up. I pulled on my togs and scuffed into
my jandals; stuffed towel, t-shirt and shorts into a bag, along with a torch,
and stepped out.
    I paused, listening, a moment on the planking of the covered walkway that
joins the hostel buildings together. The night-sounds were muted, stifled by
the heavy air. A faint wind-sigh, a rustle of leaves. Somewhere an opossum
grunted. Through the open door of the dormitory behind I could hear the
snores of hostellers not cursed by an attack of insomnia.
    Leaving the door open to allow the almost nonexistent breeze what
circulation it could, I stepped forward, off the walkway, towards the main
gate. The cloud overhead blocked off the stars, the moon was elsewhere,
flirting with the sun, and except for the hostel lights the darkness was nearly
absolute. I didn't have any particular place to go, but there was a half-
formed idea of walking down to the beach. In this dark, I preferred the open
gape of the gate to the overgrown short-cut past the Manager's house that
was my usual, daytime, route.
    I crossed the area of lawn that lies in the shallow triangle formed by the
hostel buildings. My left foot came down on a protruding foot of a wooden
table, and I stopped to rub it. I remembered sitting in this very spot this
afternoon, chatting with the others and sharing travel stories with them. I
had recounted my own recent experiences at Hot Water Beach, and the
moment of shock when I discovered my worn-through tire. Others added
stories about hitching, about driving, and about the odd goings-on when they
had camped for the night in a field full of heifers. (This last item involved
dim light and a beast that decided the tent ropes made a good place to
scratch. Seeing the small horns and the absence of an udder's silhouette, the
two incautious Canadians had sprinted ingloriously for the fence for fear that
the `bull' might decide to rub up against them. The heifer, startled by the
eruption of two noisy and unexpected humans from the tent, ran hastily in
the opposite direction.)
    My foot was still sore, but I hadn't left my bed in order to squat at a
picnic table. I suffer these attacks of sleeplessness from time to time, and
have learned through experience that the only way to deal with them -- short
of slugging myself with an unhealthy dose of aspirin -- is activity, since
otherwise I fret and toss and get up in the morning with aching muscles and
a pounding headache.
    Leaving the table, I walked carefully into the dark until my toe brushed
one of the logs that mark off the driveway from the lawn. Previous Managers
had nurtured a bamboo hedge on the grounds. This hedge, left to itself for
a long time, had spread its children across the hostel grounds. Ken, the
present Manager, was gradually reducing the upstart growth, but here and
there in the lawn there remained sharp spikes of bamboo, tips shorn off by
the mower. By day it was safe enough to wander around in jandals, or even
barefoot, but I was not game to risk a needle in the dark.
    I drifted down the driveway, past half-sensed trees and bushes. At the
younger kauri seedling I paused, to stroke its trunk and leaves a while,
wandering how long it will live after I am gone and forgotten. Or will it be
cut down in its prime by some as-yet unknown agency? I hope not!
    Down the slight slope to the gate, left open by some late-arriving hosteller.
Cross the road and carefully clamber down the rude track to the graveyard
made by generations of hostellers disposing of the attire of their latest meal
by dumping the empty shells into the estuary at this closest point to the
hostel. I sat on a hummock of grass by the edge of the water, listening to the
gentle waves and sniffing the pungent odour of that mud not presently
covered by water. I could see a couple of lights gleaming on the far bank.
One of them was moving -- another mid-night walker, perhaps, or a possum-
hunter.
    The breeze felt cooler here, perhaps because it had lost heat in its passage
over the cool water. I would have liked to stay here a while, thinking, in the
dark, but after the muggy hostel this cool tingle was almost unpleasantly
cold. Rather than pull on a t-shirt I pulled out the torch, using it to light my
way back up the tricky bank. At the road I put the torch away again: my
mood was still for darkness and the privacy of the night.
    On impulse, I pulled the idea of a walk along the beach out of the
forgotten corner of my attention where it had been festering. The breeze
would be cooler still down there, and maybe stronger, but the activity of
walking would counteract that, and -- well, I did have some clothes to pull
on if required.
    So I walked down the road, moving faster and straighter now that I had
a destination in mind. Everything was changed in the dark, and only
familiarity with the route stopped me from getting hopelessly lost. Through
the picnic area near the toilets (there was a caravan there, and the sound of
snoring). Down through the car park and onto the small footbridge that
arched so picturesquely over the tidal waters.
    There was a ritual to crossing the bridge, for when I was young I had been
exposed to the game of poohsticks. In crossing this bridge, I would drop a
small twig over the edge and see which way the tide was running. Habit led
me to drop a twig, now. I couldn't see it fall, and the sound of its impact on
the water was lost in the whispering night. A pointless exercise, really, and
I laughed at myself. But I suppressed the impulse to get out the torch and
relocate my emissary twig. Instead I stumbled on over the bridge and down
onto the sand on the far side, entering the trees.
    Until now I had thought that the night was dark.  Under  the pines lay a
shadow that defied penetration. I suddenly realised how dependent I was on
what faint visual cues there had been: the white road-edges, the white sand,
a half-sensed sheen from the light of those stars that occasionally managed
to send a glitter around a corner of the clouds. Now the last trace was gone,
and I was truly blind. But I pushed on for several minutes, stubbornly
refusing to push back the dark by recourse to my torch.
    The darkness lay around me, but I found my ears, my nose, and my
questing limbs were able to pour into me such a volume of information that
I was unable to process it all: a whole world of sensation that my normal
dependence on sight blocked away. Trees sprang into existence before me
and faded away behind, each a breath of echoing stillness, an area of dead
air. My toes felt after the sand of the track, testing the texture for twigs and
grass-clumps, shuffling cautiously along the true route. My out-stretched
hands encountered bushes and tree branches, warning me when I strayed to
one side of the path or another. Through the trees ahead of me came the
sound of the surf. Stretching my hearing, I could hear the calls of the night
life: the `more pork!' of an owl, the grunt of a hedgehog, a distant crashing
of tree-branches that was probably opossums at play. Once a dog barked.
    The belt of trees that backed the beach had long fascinated me. Although
in places there was a healthy native undergrowth, elsewhere the trees rose
from ground clothed only in fallen needles. This in itself was not so
wonderful, but the nature of the trees made it so: for I am used to the
bulbous silhouette of the native NZ forest. To walk through these stands of
tall pine was an eerie thing, and where the pines stood alone was strangest
of all. By day it reminded me of a cathedral, all tall spaces and arches,
carrying a stillness and time of its own. I would walk on the fallen needles
and fantasise about sleds fleeing through the European forest, wolves
slinking around the trunks, a young love walking to meet me. The birds
would sing and the wind would blow, and the trees would hold this place
apart from the rest of the world, my imagination expanding the forest across
half a continent and populating it with ents and elves (and hobbits). Science
fiction cannot entirely free us from the fantasies of our youth, particularly
in such an alien place.
    I did not take the track that would carry me to those long open avenues.
By night, even with the torch to help, I could not do other than get
hopelessly lost. In my present mood, I would soon be fantasising dangers
creeping towards me from behind, dropping from above, or waiting beside
the track for me to come past them. In younger days, I was deathly afraid of
the dark. I can remember that when I was a Sea Scout, the only routes to or
from the scout den from my parents house would take me through lightless
streets. One route took me along a houseless street, lupin-lined and spooky;
another took me past a junkyard which had a particularly nasty watchdog
that sometimes got out and once chased my bike, snapping at my heels; and
the third was the route I took, through an industrial area, deserted and silent
but the best route left to me. It was a long time before I outgrew this fear,
and to this day it can be invoked by the right circumstances. So I stuck to
the thread of sandy track that led through banked undergrowth to the sea
by the shortest route.
    Finally I did resort to my torch, at a fork in the path. Once the light was
present the sounds and sensations of the darkness receded, and I became
timid, clinging to sight like a castaway to a broom handle. I did not turn the
torch off again until I came out of the trees and started up the shoreward
side of the dunes.
    So I came over the last crest with my night-sight weak and my other senses
only slowly picking up the slack. In front of me was a vast, continuous roar,
taking up half of my world. A coldness that had nothing to do with the
breeze was coming to me from out of that sound: perhaps a psychological
feeling, perhaps a phenomenon connected with the heat-sink represented by
the Pacific Ocean.
    The clouds were breaking up slowly, and there were more stars out now.
As I walked down to the edge of the tide and scuffed my jandals through
stranded sea-froth, I watched out of the corners of my eyes, gradually picking
out the pale glimmer of the overlapping arcs of foam left by the waves. Then
the sea itself came up, a darkness that heaved and shuddered beneath a frail
lace garment.
    I took off my togs and jandals, putting them carefully into my bag. Naked,
I saluted the sea, lover to loved.
    I stepped on a stick of driftwood. On impulse, I picked it up and began
writing in the invisible sand with it. My name, first, then sentences half-
intended for whoever might walk here in the morning before the tide
banished the scratches with an offhand wave. Banal phrases, worthy of
neither recollection nor record here. Then, bored already, I trailed the stick
behind me, an unseen plow, as I walked north along the shoreline. Finally,
half an hour later, I climbed a dune and stuck the stick into the sand beside
me when I sat down, claiming the beach for my own with an imaginary flag.
    Seated, I pulled on my t-shirt to avoid a chill; the temperature had fallen
several degrees since I started my walk, and even in the lee of an enfolding
dune I felt a bit chilled. But it was an automatic action; my mind was out in
the darkness, musing, playing with ideas. People I had known, places I had
been, people I had not known, places I had never been, people I could never
know and places I could never go. My life had been a pilgrimage; I was
never satisfied with wherever I was; I always wished to be beyond whatever
horizon I might walk within; and I did not know my destination.
    One close friend confided once that I had always seemed to her to be
someone who was pretty sure of what he wanted to do. I found it hard to
explain the difference between the series of plans that I worked on from
moment to moment and the long-term blankness that lay beyond them. Once
I envied those who planned out their life in adolescence, and spent the next
thirty or forty years working out that plan. But I must confess that by the
time I found myself sitting on a sand dune above this lovely night-time
beach, that envy had turned to pity. Those people had security, and options
were open to them with their high-paying jobs and special skills that were
not available to me. But few of them ever used those options! They'd chug
along in their career, perhaps even marry and raise a family, and then one
day they'd wake up and find that they had run off the end of their track. It's
called `mid-life crisis'. But my whole life had been a mid-life crisis. I was
used to it, and resigned to the comparatively wretched old age that faced me
unless I Did Something to mitigate it. A good part of my internal search,
1985--86, was spent in thinking through just how I could accomplish the
things I wanted to do and yet set up a lifestyle that would help me when I
got too old to travel.
    I jerked myself out of my reverie. The clouds were gone, and a cold wind
had sprung up. The sky over the eastern horizon was lightening to the
coming of the sun, still hours away. And now I felt sleepy. Whatever had
been going on in the back of my head to keep me awake all night had
resolved itself during this walk. My next step was obvious -- to return to
Australia and, this time, make a success of transplanting myself to a new
country; then use Australia as springboard to travel on around the world.
How to go about the later stages of this plan, and what I would do after the
five years or so allocated to its accomplishment had expired, I still did not
know. But I would think of something.
    Rising, I turned my back on the beach and the sea and walked through the
dunes into the forest; needing no torch in the growing light that trickled in
through the ranked trunks behind me, turning everything into a cut-out
shadow-play; feeling no imaginary dangers in the darker reaches of the
forest.
                                    ###
Home Again:
The morning came when the last of my hoarded weekends for this trip ran
out and I had to go back to Te Aroha to be a hostel manager again. I was
not unwilling: I loved the job, and I loved Te Aroha, and even Opoutere was
best taken in carefully-rationed doses. So I loaded up my panniers and
stuffed my sleeping bag into the overnight bag, piled the load on my hapless
bike, said goodbye to Ken and Karen Griffin and the various Griffinlets, and
set out. This leg would be some 86 kilometres, my longest day's ride yet. But
I was confident: for I would be retracing my normal bus/hitching route
between Te Aroha and Opoutere, and I knew the terrain well. Hah! Now
was the time to discover that a section of road that looks fine from a car or
a bus can be a horror to a cyclist.
    The lesson was not long in starting: a few kilometres down the highway,
I found myself in an undulating section of road. Somehow the downgrades
never seemed so long nor so steep as the upgrades; and what was more, a
breeze had come out of nowhere to blast itself into my face -- strengthening
if I went downhill, dying out entirely on the slow uphill slogs when I most
needed the ventilation. I was learning one of the oldest cycle-touring
maxims: the wind always comes from ahead. The cyclists hail --  `May the
wind blow up your arse!' -- took on true life and meaning to me for the first
time.
    Down to Whangamata, through the new bypass, then on to Waihi, where
I turned right onto Highway 2. This brought me into the beautiful
Karangahake (Kah-rang-gah-hak-kee) Gorge, which divides the Coromandel
from the Kaimai Ranges. It is an old gold-mining area, and in recent times
steps have been taken to help preserve that heritage. But more immediately
important: the river that runs through the gorge provides good swimming for
overheated cyclists!
    Paeroa...left over the bridge and slog 21 kilometres uphill...left and up the
mountain to the hostel. 6 1/2 hours from Opoutere. Home.
                                    ###
Interlude==================================
Friendship Bands:
`No,' said Rosemarie, `Push it up through the loop of the "4". Then pull it
tight.'
    We were sitting on the porch of the hostel on a sunny February day.
There were a few clouds scattered around the corners of the sky, chasing
their shadows across the slopes of the distant ridge-lines. We were the only
people around the hostel, unless Rosemarie's friend Esther was back from
town. Duncan, I think, was up the mountain, while the two Australians had
set out for the next hostel.
    Rosemarie had promised to show me how to do a special form of
macram'e. I had seen many hostellers wearing cotton bracelets made of
hundreds of tiny knots. When several colours were used, the result was often
beautiful. Ever since I saw the first wristband and learnt that the making of
them was a simple skill, quickly learned, I had wanted to learn how to make
them myself. But all my plans had fallen through: I never seemed to find the
time and place to pump the technique out of a skilled knotter.This was
Rosemarie's third and final day here, and while we were chatting in the
hostel common-room the night before she had offered to show me the trick.
And she was as good as her word -- but then, the Swiss often are.
    The trick of the bands is repetition. The same knot is used, over and over,
the pattern being formed by the sequence of strings tied together. Start with
about half a dozen strands of embroidery cotton, each as long as your arm.
Tie them in a tight single knot close to one end. Tie another knot about a
centimetre further up the length. slip a safety-pin through the threads
between the knots and attach the pin to a firm anchor -- such as the leg of
your jeans. (I use a wire device which I slip over my big toe, working with
ankle crossed over knee. This increases my control over the amount of
tension I put in the tightening of the knots.)
    Now. Spread the strands out, fanwise, towards you across your thigh. Pick
up the second one from the left in your left hand. Reach over your left hand
and pick up the left-hand thread with your right hand. (*) Still holding the
thread, use a spare finger of your left hand to push the midsection of the
thread held in your right hand to the left. Move your right hand right so that
the right hand's thread crosses over the left hand's thread, creating a `4'
shape. Loop the right hand's thread around the left hand thread and bring
it up through the middle of the `4'. Shift your hold so that you can pull the
knot tight by pulling on the loose end of the right hand's thread while
keeping the left hand's thread taut. Use a firm pressure -- too tight or too
loose makes a bad knot. Now repeat from the (*) above.
    Drop the left hand's thread and pick up the leftmost thread of those still
on your thigh. Keep the right hand's thread and go through the motions
from the (*) above again. Repeat this process of knotting twice and picking
up a new thread until you have held every thread in your left hand except
the one you originally picked up (and should still have) in your right hand.
    You have now completed the first row of the wristband. If you have been
neat with your threads, you will still have the ends fanned across your thigh.
The thread that was on the left edge is now on the right, and has been tied
around all the others in sequence. The pattern of the wristband is now set:
from now on you simply repeat the above instructions, making sure that you
take each leftmost strand in turn and tie it around the others in sequence
until it is at the right end.
    I find that between 60 and 70 rows will do for a band to fit a female wrist,
while 70 to 80 will fit a male wrist. This is a generalised measure based on
the size of my knots -- the best way to find your own measure is to keep a
count of the number of rows of knots you have done and frequently hold the
band around your own wrist. Once you know your own wrist's size, you can
easily gauge the wrists of others and adjust your measures accordingly.
    Rosemarie was a good teacher. She pinned the thread to a leg of her jeans
and did some rows to show me how to do it. Then she let me continue,
correcting me as seemed necessary. Within half an hour, oblivious of the
beauty of the day, I had mastered the basic technique and had already
discovered a couple of twists to the art that Rosemarie hadn't shown me.
    This small art, so quickly learned, has stood me in good stead ever after.I
have always had a problem knowing what to do with my hands while my
mouth and mind are occupied elsewhere. One solution was to learn several
massage techniques. This is useful only in limited circumstances. The bands
are more generally useful, since once the basic technique is mastered, the
portion of my mind required to keep track of one is not the portion of my
mind required for conversation.
End Interlude===============================
                             ###
                            ________________________________________________
                                      `All is quiet ... motionless.
                                                Suddenly!
                                            A blanket stirs,
                                            A head peeps out,
                                          Everything is crazy!
                                      Sheets are ripped from beds,
                                     Clothes are crammed into packs,
                                       Sound explodes all around.
