believed he would do well.
   The boy stood up and slowly walked back to the village.  He greeted an old
woman who was sitting near the village walls.
   "Good day to you, old Mutretha.  How are you?"
   The old woman looked up and frowned.  "I am as well as I will ever be.  And
what of you, boy?  Are you ready for
your test, tommorow?"
   "I am ready, old woman.  The power will help me as I see fit."
   "Be not naive, boy.  The power in you is that of a egg, as to a dragon.
You were gifted to be born with the power, but learning to use it is another
tale."
   "I have learned well through your tutorings.  Is that not enough?"
   "Ha!  Simple conjuring tricks.  What will happen when you need to turn
silver into water?  Can you do that, boy?"
   The boy's face filled with rage.  "Enough of this.  I waste my time talking
to and old hag."
   He started off toward his dwelling.
   "One thing, boy."  He stopped and looked around.
   "When you find the silver rod, be not greedy.  Many have longed for such
a prize, and have never been seen again."
   "Silver rod?  What is this nonsense?"
   "You will know when you find it.  And one last thing---"
   "What?" said the boy intently.
   "The power in you can do your bidding.  But it can also be turned against
you." she said.
   He stood there for a moment, staring at the old woman who he really cared
about, even though they argued a lot.
   She seemed to drift off into a deep sleep.  The boy stood to leave and took
her hand.  "Thank you" he said.  When the woman didn't reply, he looked down
at her face.  "Old Woman?"
   "Take the ring," she said.  In her hand lay a golden ring with a strange
symbol on it.
   "Wear it, always.  And do not give in to the temptations of evil."   With
that she slumped forward and collapsed.  He knelt beside her, listening for a
heart-beat.  There was none.
    Cursing quietly to the gods, he turned the ring over in his hand.  While
the symbol seemed not to have been anything designed by a human mind, the
stone looked like a normal piece of quartzite, albeit a highly poilished,
many-faceted piece.  He wasn't sure, but he thought he glimpsed something,
maybe a small flaw, inside the stone.  In any event, it was too small a flaw
to see unless one was looking closely.
  Standing up, he put the ring on his right pinky finger, which was the only
finger it would fit on.  Cursing again the gods that took the old woman, he
started toward the Dwelling of Healing.  Those inside would deal with the
corpse.
  The boy Timkin wandered off to confer with the village elders as to how to
care for the corpse in a way that their race had been accustomed to.  But,
though he was saddened, he found this death to be a new beginning.  He was the
apprentice who would carry on her teachings, and he would prove all this
tomorrow at "the testing".
  He had heard that there was to be a grand competition among the youngers of
his race to see who would fulfill the quest that his tutor had briefly alluded
to.  They would meet in the grand hall of the kingdom and try to puzzle one
another with tricks until one was proclaimed a winner by topping and baffling
all others--a grand tournament!  But, that's all he knew since it was a long
time since the last such event.
  As night approached, he hurried back to his own dwelling and practiced his
magic a little as he chanted in strange verse, creating a bed, pillow, and
other things that began to fly around the room.  At last (these things are
tiring on the mind & soul), Timkin slept with the anticipation of the big day
to come.
  That night, a lonely unicorn grazed near the village.  She had been told that
a boy would come to him the next day, and she had instructions to take him to
Mafher's lair.
  As he slept, his dreams began to take him to places that were not yet known
to his waking being.  He saw the sea, with white capped waters over the deep
blue.  He saw an occasional ship pass silently across the water, wind its sails
yet, crew was seen.  Timkin saw land beginning to form ahead of him, and he
could hear the shrill call of a tern, as it scavenged the beaches for food.
Then he awas in a thick, dark jungle.  Deeper into the jungle he was drawn,
until the light of the sun was totally shaded from sight by the thick foliage.
Timkin heard a voice calling him, as he saw a clearing.  As he drifted closer,
he could barely make out a strange looking obelisk in the center of this little
sun drenched clearing in the middle of the jungle's darkest reaches.  Again he
heard his name being called, only this time the voice grew louder.  Timkin then
opened his eyes, and realizing it was just a dream, rolled over and tried to go
back to sleep.	But he heard the voice call him again.	It seemed to come from
in his room.
   "Timkin!  Timkin, awake! I It is the time!" said her mother.
   Timkin's eyes shot open.  A glowing aura encircled his body.  "I am awake,
Mother."
   She looked at him proudly.  His tall, well built chest, strong muscles, and
a face beaming with intelligence, he had a very good chance of passing he test.
  He arose and pulled his tunic over his chest.  His hands went to a symbol
embroided on his left breast.  A unicorn with a halo around it's head, since he
was a boy the symbol had always been a mystery.  Now he had the feeling he
would find out what it was about.  He started to wash his face and chest.  He
started to walk to the Grand Hall where the tournament would take place.  As he
got nearer, he saw many young lads preforming tricks with the greatest of ease.
Some were pretty simple, like making eggs fly around in thin air ot or perhaps
making a stone bleed.  Some of the more complex were those of changing one's
form and doing incredible acrobatic feats.  The latter scared Timkin a little,
but he felt he didn't have much to fear since he was confident in his training.
There were many wizened elder standing by giving hints to their apprentices
while the middle-aged people were betting on who would be the winner.
  As he entered the Great Hall, timkin shivered slightly, but was able to
repress more noticeable reaction to the obvious tension in the hall.  A hush of
silence took over the room, but he wasn't sure if it was related to his
entrance.  A village elder, a priest, took him by the arm almost as soon as he
entered, and Timkin wondered if he were late.  Everyone else was already seated
as though waiting for him.  The Hall was nearly one hundred meters in length,
domed at the top by a darkened hemisphere.  The area in the center, basically a
dirt floor, was entirely empty with the exception of a small glass sphere lying
in the dirt in the center.  Rising on one side of the Hall were the spectator
stands where the entire village, with no exception - save old Baldimir - sat in
tense silence.	Above the spectators at each level of padded stone benches were
massive wall sconces housing bright fires that kept the entire room above the
level of darkness, but only barely.  On the sice opposite the seats were
sixteen doors placed at regular intervals, and the one heavy bronze door at the
center.  Each of the doors led to the chamber of one of the village elders, but
he had never seen the center door used.  This, he suspected that might change
this day.  The priest drew him to the center, just behind the glass globe,
facing the audience.  The priest bowed and walked away slowly, smoothing out
his cloak in an uncharacteristic expression of agitation.  A distinct chill
shot through Timkin's back as the globe glowed breifly, and he felt compelled
to turn around.  The Bronze door had parted, in the middle, and swept a wave of
chill air into the arena.  Timkin strode surely towards the gaping blackness
beyond the double doors, feeling the weight of the darkness and the audience's
silence heavily.  As he passed beyond the threshold, he had time for one quick
glance backwards before the doors came solidly shut, as if there had never been
a part between them.  For an interminable length of time, young Timkin walked
aimlessly, wondering whether he had trudged miles, or only inches.  It made no
difference, he thought.  There was no distinction in this place.
    The sleeping unicorn's eyes shot open.  Standing in front of her was an
old, wickid figure with an auroa of evil.  She jumped to her hooves and bowed
in respect.
    "You, Hyuteri.  You must now go and find the boy," said the figure.
    "He is the son of my Father's rider.  I will not let him be harmed," said
the unicorn.
    The ancient figure glared at her.  His entire being began to glow with
hatred.
  At long last, young Timkin saw a cool glow coming from a distinct direction.
He approached it slowly, feeling its cold take over his emotions, toy with his
growing frustration.  But he kept walking, oblivious to how he was being
manipulated.
  Meanwhile, out in the arena, all eyes were focused on the glass globe in the
center.  It had taken on an ambigious half-glow, and settled there.  The deadly
silence which permeated the room was broken only by an occasional cough or
wheeze.  But not a single eye among the tens of thousands wavered in its
expectant survey of the small glass globe.  The cool but comfortable air that
circulated in the room seemed to have magical qualities, though it was largely
the same air that had been here for the last use of the arena, seventy-three
years ago.  It seemed only a few moments later that the globe flickered breifly
and then returned to its previous state.  Everyone in the room drew in a
breath, as the entire assembly shared both mind and body.  But it was the globe
that was the center of attention.  It flickered brighter for a second and then
nearly died.  Then, it came back brighter than ever, and died out once more.
With every minute change in its glow, the apprehension in the room grew.  No
one dared take their eyes from the globe for even a fraction of a second.  It
brightened, then withdrew, then brightened, then dimmed once again.  The
patterns were random, indecipherable.  A few of the faint of heart collapsed
near the upper levels.	The room itself seemed to spin every time the globe
underwent another of its wild fluctuations.  The rest of the room blurred to
the audience as the globe became the only thing left in the world.  The globe,
and the door too.  The door behind it was unremitting in its harshness.
Suddenly, the light wavered, then shone out like it had never done before, even
in all its eternal past, and held.  The stifled gasps were barely held in check
and some of the onlookers had to concentrate hard to remain conscious.	The
globe had become a beacon in the darkness, and now lit up the entire room, in
all its immensity.  The silence that took the room was sudden and undeniable.
It was forty minutes later than the giant bronze doors opened to the tiniest of
cracks.  Bleary eyes lit up with expectation, unaffected by the relentlessness
of the vigil.  Without warning, the doors nearly burst at their ancient seams.
They slammed against the wall, and shattered, scattering bronze splinters about
the arena.  A hush fell over the crowd.  At first, the doorway was empty, and
no one dared breathe.  Then, without warning, Timkin stepped out and raised his
arms high above his head.  The crowd cheered deafeningly.  This was the night
of Timkin, and as he strode to the center of the arena and raised the orb high
above his head, all watched in awe.  Their new leader had been born.
  Koora completed the Dawn Rites.  She picked up her small pack, and donned the
cloak that marked her as a journeywoman preistess, then proceeded to the path.
The road was not well worn; it was ragged from newness and unscarred by wagon
wheels.  Not unusual, for her training took her far from the School.  To be a
student of Light entailed being magistrate, healer, and teacher as well as
servant of the power.  She loved it in spite of the demands.  It was a joy
helping tend harmony.  She smelled the earthy air appreciatively.  From the
corner of her eye, Koora noticed a raven.  Watching, she increased her pace,
then stopped quickly, feingning a trip.  Yes, the bird was following her.  For
what purpose the Dark had sent one of it's minions, she did not know, but an
instinctive fear stirred within her.  She ran, and felt a sharp biting pain on
her shoulder.
  Koora screamed in terror.  A loud squawk was heard as the raven perched upon
her shoulder, the claws digging into her flesh.  Koora fell to the ground, too
surprised to use any of her powers, and just then, the bird flew around her and
landed in front of her on the path, blocking her way.  then, the raven began to
grow, changing first into a blackish blob which grew bigger and began to rise
as a column of smoke formed around it.	As the figure began to take shape, it
appeared to be in the form of a male creature of some human form with an
elaborate green and red costume with bells at the top....and little feet that
looked like they belonged to Kermit the frog.  obviously, this guy wasn't an
evil being!  He kneeled down, and said in a magical language that only Koora
could translate..."I have been ordered to deliver something to you." She tried
to still her inner turmoil before glancing upward.  After acheiving some slight
calm she picked herself up, cataloging the damages she had ceived.
  "What is it you bear?  Surely you know I do not accept the gifts of
  dakrness." She mentally scanned the individual, and to her surprise
encountered a
  complete block.  This was new!  Not a though, not a single residue of emotion
escaped from behind the barrier!  She yearned to know more, but knew she would
  not.	The Power forbade prying.  She would have to wait, and learn.  The
creature responded....
  "I am only a messenger...you are needed..you must heed our commands as only a
person of your powers would fulfill our purpose."
  with these words, the funny-looking creature made a few strange gestures and
mumbled a few incantations, and
  a large crate appeared on the ground.  "This will contain all the information
you will need..
  remember, you really don't have any choice, but to follow our
command...besides, we will make it worth your while"
  and he vanished, leaving behind only the crate...and from inside, a strange
sort of growling sounds were heard.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------List of Father Goose Stories----------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------
[Father Goose #1]
        There were three Medieval kingdoms on the shores of a lake.  
There was an island in the middle of the lake, which the kingdoms had 
been fighting over for years.  Finally, the three kings decided that 
they would send their knights out to do battle, and the winner would 
take the island.
	  The night before the battle, the knights and their 
squires pitched camp and redied themselves for the fight.  The first 
kingdom had 12 knights, and each knight had 5 squires, all of whom were 
busily polishing armor, brushing horses, and cooking food.  The second 
kingdom had 20 knights, and each knight had 10 squires.  Everyone at 
that camp was also busy preparing for battle.  At the camp of the third 
kingdom, there was only one knight, with his one squire.  This squire 
took a large pot and hung it from a looped rope in a tall tree.  He 
busied himself preparing the meal, while the knight polished his own 
armor.  When the hour of battle came, the three kingdoms sent their 
squires out to fight ( this was too trivial a matter for the knights to 
join in ).  The battle raged, and when the dust cleared, the only person 
left was the lone squire from the third kingdom, having defeated the 
squires from the other kingdoms.  
I guess this just proves that the squire of the high pot and noose is
equal to the sum of the squires of the other two sides.
[Alternate version:]
It seems that there were these 3 pregnant Indian Squaws, all due to give
birth at about the same time.  The first squaw gave birth to a boy, and the
birthing was done on a deer hide.  The 2nd also gave birth to a boy, but this
was done on a bear hide.  And, the third had twins, two boys, and
she did this on a hippopotamus hide.
I guess *THIS* shows us that the sons of the squaw on the hippopotamus hide
is equal to the sum of the squaws on the other two hides.
[Father Goose #2]
   There was a new driver for the bus on Sesame Street.  His first
day on the job, he awoke bright and early, went to the garage, got
the bus, and set off on his route.
   At the first stop there was a chubby little girl waiting for
the bus.  She climbed the step and got on, and said,
	"Hi.  My name is Patty."
The driver replied,
	"Hi, Patty.  Please take a seat."
   At the second stop there was a second little girl, even chubbier
than the first.  She got on and said,
	"Good morning!  My name's Patty."
The driver answered,
	"Good morning.  Please sit down."
   At the third stop there was a little boy waiting.  He was dressed
in a white shirt and tie, and a suit with a vest, and he had a
calculator holster on his belt.  He said,
	"Hi.  My name is Ross, and I'm special!"
The driver wasn't impressed, but he managed a smile and said,
	"Please sit down, Ross."
   The fourth stop rewarded the driver with a grubby little boy
with dirty jeans and torn sneakers.  He got on the bus and said,
	"My name is Lester Cheese."
The driver replied,
	"Please take a seat, Lester."
   Well, he's driving along and he looks in his rear-view mirror
and sees that Lester Cheese has taken off his sneakers and is
scratching at his foot.  The driver pulls the bus over to the
side of the rode, stops it, and says,
	"I can't take this any longer!  I've got
	two obese Patties,
	    special Ross,
		Lester Cheese picking bunions
		    on a Sesame Street bus!
[Father Goose #3]
	A while back, there were two kingdoms situated close by each other.
One kindgom had a powerful king, and the other had a relatively weak
king.  The difference (or so everybody said) was that the powerful
king had a magic throne, which had the property of making people
powerful.
	Well, the weak king wanted this throne, so he had a trusted
count get up an army (you know, knights, pages, reporters, that kind
of thing) to fetch it.
	The army trudged along for a day or two (only the reporters
would know for sure) and came upon the powerful king's castle.
	The castle entrance was guarded by a huge yellow monster
with huge yellow hands.  The army (being an army and all) attacked!
	The huge Yellow Monster ate them all, except for two pages 
who did not engage in the fight.  The pages, being very frightened,
hid until nightfall.
	When night came along, the pages peeked from their hiding
place and saw that the monster was asleep.  The only thing guarding
the entrance now was the monsters huge hands draped in front of the
opening.  The pages, being only 8 years old and all, were able to
squeeze through the yellow fingers and gain entrance into the
castle.
Moral: let your pages do the walking through the yellow fingers.
[Father Goose #4]
	Once inside the castle, the pages had no trouble finding the
throne.  Combined, they were just strong enough to lift it, and were
able to carry it out of the castle.  (The monster gave them no
further trouble, since they had the throne and everything.)
	After having walked half the night with the heavy throne
between  them, they were very tired and stopped at a grass house
to rest.  The farmer who lived there, wanting to steal the throne for himself,
let them spend the night in the barn.  The throne was "hid" in the
farmer's attic.
	Some hours later, the farmer stole into his barn and killed
the pages.
	The farmer went back to bed.  A few minutes later, the
throne crashed through the ceiling, crushing and killing the farmer
and his wife.
Moral: people who live in grass houses shouldn't stow thrones.
[Father Goose #5]
	When the powerful king found his throne missing the next
day, he  ordered HIS army to kidnap the other king's count and force
him to tell where the throne was being hid. The session went as
follows:
king:	Where is the throne?
count:	I cannot tell you.
king: 	Then I will have you killed!  Executioner, cut off his
	head!
count:	(as the axe is swinging down...)
	Ok!  I will tell you!
			THWACK!!!
Moral: don't hatchet your counts before they chicken.
[Father Goose #6]
A wild life photographer goes on an expedition to South America to photograph
the legendary and hitherto unseen foo bird.  On the way he attempts to hire
porters from a tribe of Pygmys.  They warn him of the dreaded curse on all
who look upon the bird and refuse to join.  Undaunted the intrepid photographer
continues to the banks of the Amazon where he sets up a blind and waits.
After several days, lo and behold, a foo bird flies directly over the river.
In a rush of excitement, the photographer rushes out of the blind and snaps off
a shot.  No sooner has he done this then a huge, evil smelling flock of foos
congregate over his head and completely cover him in guano.
The slimy stuff starts to harden and restrict his breathing.  He frantically
tries to get the stuff off but to no avail.  Finally in desperation, he throws
himself into the river.  A large crocodile promptly eats him.
The moral?
It the foo shits, wear it.
[Father Goose #7]
    It seems that Mary Poppins has moved to California.  Yep,
she has started a business telling people's fortunes.  But, she
doesn't read palms or tea leaves, she smells one's breath.
    That, right, the sign outside reads:
        Super California Mystic
           Expert Halitosis
[Father Goose #8]
Our Hero was travelling through the mountains on his quest for the Holy
Grail, when a fierce storm blew up and his steed caught some horsey sickness.
He hied to a monastary, and asked the abbot for a replacement, citing
their loyalty to God.  It was the winter season, and nightfall was
approaching as they looked through the stables.  All of the other horses
were sneezing a coughing also, until they came to a stable, where a large
shaggy dog story(oops) resided.  The knight asked for him, to which the
abbot replied, "Oh, no, it is still stormy and getting dark.
I wouldn't send a knight out on a dog like this."
[Father Goose #9]
An international chess tournament is being held in a swank
hotel in New York. Everyone who is anyone in the world of
chess is there. After a grueling 4 hours of chess, the
players and their entourages retire to the lobby of the hotel for
a little refreshment.
In the lobby, the players get into a big argument about who
is the brightest, the fastest, and the best chess player.
The argument gets loud, each player claiming that he is
the greatest chess player of all time.
One security guard in the lobby turns to the other and says:
	If there's one thing I can't stand, it's
	chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
[Father Goose #10]
Buster Crab and Sam Clam were the best of friends for years, and every
evening one could find Buster in Sam's bar down by the beach.  Finally,
Buster passed on and went to heaven.  There, he was a model citizen, but
he longed for the companionship of his pal, Sam.  So the next Christmas,
Buster was approached by God who asked him why he wasn't happy.  Buster
explained that although heaven was a pretty nice place and the halo and
wings were real swell, he missed Sam and wished he could go back and spend
just one more night in his bar by the beach.  God recalled how good Buster 
had been, and told him that he could spend New Year's with Sam in his bar.  
"However," God cautioned, "things have changed since you were there last.  
In order to keep up with the times, Sam has converted his place to a disco.
Still, if you wish, you may spend New Year's eve with your old buddy, but be 
sure not to drink and take good care of your wings, harp and halo."  Buster
was ecstatic and spend the next week practicing his chops on the harp and 
polishing his halo.  Then the big eveing arrived and poof! there he was
beside Sam in his disco.  Well, they had a great time talking of old times
and dancing and singing and playing.  After a while, the temptation to have a 
drink proved too great for Buster, and he imbibed.  So did the rest of the
party and the night got progressively wilder until morning found everyone
sleeping it off on the furniture and floors of the disco.  His time up,
Buster was transported poof! back to heaven.  God saw him, bleary eyed, halo
dented and slipping off to one side, wings in disarray, and well, you get the
picture.  God gives him an ice bag and asks what happened.  "Buster!  You've 
been at the bottle, haven't you?  Look at you wings!  Look at that halo!  And
where is you golden harp?"  To which Buster replies,
"I left my harp in Sam Clam's Disco."
(better sung)
[Father Goose #11]
Isaac Asimov did this one best; the story concerns a man, Mr. Stein,
who robs a bank, jumps into a time machine, and re-emerges seven
years later (after the statute of limitations has expired).  They
arrest him anyway, but the judge's verdict is
	"A niche in time saves Stein."
[Father Goose #12]
Once upon a time, in Days of Yore, which is located in a rather
backwoods area of the country, there lived a remarkably innocent
young man named Nathaniel.  Now Nathaniel, or Nate, as he was
often called, one day came of age, and his oppressive and none too
dutiful legal guardians just turned him out into the street, as it
were.  Before giving him the boot, however, they did take the
trouble to inform him that he was, in fact, the heir to what was
locally considered a sizable fortune in rural real estate.  This
comparatively immense farm tract was being held for him and currently
managed by a man who turned out to be a rather distant cousin, but
who was kindly and surprisingly helpful, eventually doing most of
what needed to be done to start Nate out in business on the farm.
Very shortly afterward, however, the cousin died, leaving Nate alone
with little experience and very few ideas.  Poor Nate was absolutely
in a quandary as to what sort of reliable cash crop to plant on his
land.  He had heard that one or two of his neighbors were raising 
a certain (shall we say) ``herb'', whose production was said to be
uncommonly lucrative.  Our hero wasn't really into haute cuisine,
though, so in search of an expert opinion, he consulted a local
soothsayer, an elderly woman whose character was completely beyond
question, if you follow my meaning.  At the urging afforded by
about a third of Nate's annual income, she gazed vacantly into
her crystal ball for most of an hour, until she finally intoned,
                         SOW ROPE, NATEY-O!
[A pun on "No Soap, Radio", which is also pretty obscure.]
[Father Goose #13]
    There was this person who owned a bluish coloured volvo.  It was a
'72, however, making it quite old and even volvos don't last forever.
When he was driving home one afternoon and the engine fell through the
engine mount, his wife brought up the subject of buying a new car.
    "Well, I've really grown partial to this car, dear."
    "But, honey, that car is going to fall apart any minute."
    The argument went on for a while and the husband finally agreed that he
would buy a new car, but he would only buy another bluish coloured volvo.
It had to have the exact shade of blue or he wasn't interested.  And so,
his quest began.
    "Nope. Areyou sure they're made in that colour?" asked all the volvo dealers
in New York.  He went to Connecticut and received the same line.  He went to
Rhode Island, only to hear "Nope.  Had one last week.  Couldn't sell it, so we
gave it to a junk dealer."  The man ran to the junk dealer just in time to
see the car of his dreams crushed.
    He travelled through Vermont.  "Nope.  Can't get one here."  He tried New
Hampshire.  "I don't think they make them."  He went into Maine.  "I don't
have one, but Charlie might.  He's the volvo dealer up in Caribou."
    Anyone ever told you about Caribou, Maine?  It is freezing up there.  It
is in the middle of nowhere.  Now, at this point, a large storm system
was moving into the area and the husband was trapped in the storm. 
    Two days later the dealer arrived at his shop and found this guy standing
by the door.  When the dealer opened the door the husband saw it.  Right in the
middle of the showroom was his bluish coloured volvo.  Perfect!  He told
the man of his quest, gave him the money, and was about to leave when the
dealer asked "Why did you spend so much time searching for this coloured
volvo?  Why did it have to be this sort of bluish colour?"
The husband smiled and said, as he drove off, "Well, ther's something
about an aqua volvo, man..."
[Father Goose #14]
     There was once a young man who was very fond of illicit vegetable
matter that is commonly smoked to get high. Anyway, one day, while he
was cleaning his stash of extremely potent stuff ( high oil content) he
was called to the phone.  His friend, who had already consumed a great
portion of the matter thought he would help out in the cleaning.
Unfortunately, he was new to the game so he tried to separate the stems
and seeds by cleaning the pot with a soap solution. Needless to say,
when the hero of our story returned from the phone he was extremely upset,
to say the least.  However, he didn't have time to cry since the phone
call informed him that his wife's car had broken down and he had to go
out to help her fix it. He scooped up the messy bag of soapy resinous
cannabis and drove out to the broken down car. When he arrived he 
immediately realized that the car had run out of oil. Unfortunately, he
didn't have any oil, but he did have the bag of greasy marijuana. He put
the wet pot into the cars engine and started up the car. It ran fine
until it exploded a quarter mile down the road.  
       There is a moral. You know what it is?
	    - A washed pot never oils.
[Father Goose #15]
   A philanthropist decides to donate his prize dolphins to
the local zoo.  Upon making his donation, he reveals that
the dolphins can be kept alive indefinitely by feeding them
live myna birds.  The zoo, not happy with the prospect of
depleting their myna bird collection, decides to send an
expedition to Africa to pick up some of the birds.
   The bird seekers land their helicopter in a large clearing
in the middle of the jungle, and go off to seek their prey.
They search all the trees, the myna bird bars, the bird baths;
in short, all the places myna birds hang out.  When they get
back to the clearing, they discover that a pride of lions has
taken up residence there.  As the lions all appear very sleepy,
they decide to tiptoe their way back to the safety of their
helicopter.  But, alas, when they get back to the helicopter,
the game warden pops out and writes them a citation for
   "Transporting mynas over sedate lions for immortal porpoises."
[Father Goose #16]
An explorer on safari through Africa discovers a magnificently
plumed bird known as a Raree.  The bird is near death from
exhaustion and starvation brought about by a combination of
poachers and climatic changes which have turned its once-friendly
environment into a death-trap.  The bird is uncharacteristically
docile, and does not flee from the explorer when he approaches it.  
The explorer had believed the Raree birds were an extinct species; 
and so to save the creature from an environment which has become 
hostile, and to preserve the species, he brings it back with 
him to the United States.
    Proper feeding and warmth bring the bird around to its normal
behavior.  Far from being docile, the Raree bird reverts to being
a pain in the ass.  It tears open the refrigerator with its
beak and rummages around for food.  It overturns garbage cans
and rummages around for food.  Its instinctive loudness and
viciousness reassert themselves, and the explorer finds himself
gradually losing his mind.  He decides to do away with the
Raree, figuring that if nature had wanted the species to survive,
it would have given the birds better survival skills.
    He loads the Raree into a pickup truck and drives to a high
cliff.  He has put drugs into the bird's morning feed so it is
docile.  He binds its wings and hauls it over to the edge of
a 300-foot-high cliff overlooking the ocean.  The bird opens
its eyes, looks down, and says to the explorer:
	"It's a long way to tip a Raree."
[Father Goose #17]
there was a russian man named rudolph, a high ranking member of the KGB.
one evening rudolph and his wife, helga,  were walking along, and it
begins to snow.  "my, my, look at the lovely snow," said helga.
"no, that is not snow, that is rain!" replied rudolph.
"no, no, no, this is snow," she said.
"look, there is a palace guard, we will ask him."
rudolph went to the palace gaurd and said "is it raining or snowing?"
the gaurd was no dummy, so he said "what do YOU think it is doing, rudolph?"
rudolph replied, "raining."
and the gaurd said "yes comrade,i was going to say raining, also!"
so rudolph and helga went walking off.  the gaurd could just barely hear
the KGB official say:
	"RUDOLPH, THE RED, KNOWS RAIN, DEAR"
[Father Goose #18]
      Once there was a mad scientist who worked by himself in his laboratory.
    He was so lonely that one day, he decided to clone himself. Everything
    worked perfectly, except that the clone had a very foul mouth. The
    scientist worked with the clone, but ,alas, he could not make the 
    clone clean up his language. He got so tired of the clone's language 
    that one day he pushed him off the end of a cliff. A policeman rushed 
    up to him, and yelled
             "You are under arrest! You are under arrest!"
    "What for ?",the mad scientist asked.
     And the answer was:
                  For making an obscene clone fall.
[Father Goose #19]
   A traveling-salesman type was opening up new
sales territories in Africa.  One day he fell ill.
Since he was a man of action, he sought immediate
medical attention.  Even though the only nearby
facility was a witch doctor, he went to see the
man.  The witch doctor looked him over, then cut
a long, thin strip from a piece of leather and
gave it to the man, saying,
	"Chew on this, and by the time it's
	all gone, you'll feel better."
   As mentioned, the salesman was a man of action,
so he spent the rest of the day chewing on the
piece of leather.  Nonetheless, he didn't feel
better, in fact, as you might imagine, he felt
worse.  So he went back to the witch doctor
and said,
	"Doctor, the thong is ended
	but the malady lingers on!"
[Father Goose #20]
One day the Shah of a middle-eastern country decided his son the Shan
was old enough to have a body guard.  He searched his kingdom until he
found the right person for the job.  As it turned out, he was well suited
for the task and watched after the Shan dutifully.  As the Shan got older,
the body guard decided he could probably slip off for awhile without con-
sequence.  As luck would have it the Shan was epileptic , had a fit and
died while he was gone.  When the Shah found out about it, he called the
body guard and asked:
"Where were you when the fit hit the Shan?"
[Father Goose #21]
Two guys were stranded on a desert island.
The only way they could get food was to kill
sea birds by throwing rocks at them.
By the time they were rescued,
 ...  They had left no tern unstoned.
[Father Goose #22]
There was once was this guy who developed a bad case of flatulence. The smell
was quite embarrasing, but what was worse was the sound which was a loud
"HONDA!"  He went to a number of doctor (of course) and none of them
could help him (as is always the case in these tales). Finally out of
desperation he went to an old chinese doctor and explained his problem.
Without any examination the doctor said, "You have an abcessed tooth, have it
fixed and your problem will be solved." So he went to a dentist, and sure,
enough he did have an abcessed tooth, which he had repaired, and his "HONDA"
farts went away as well. So he went back to the chinese doctor and said,
"What's the punch line?" -- or was it, "How did you know that I had an
abcessed tooth?"
"Because", said the chinese doctor, "everybody know that ...
	... abcess make the fart go HONDA!"
[Father Goose #23]
Once in a land far, far away there lived a group of people called
Trids.  The Trids were happy except for the huge ogre that lived
on the mountain.  The ogre would periodically terrorize the Trids.
The Trids tired of the ogre and sought to reason with him.  They thought
one of their religious leaders would be a good intermediary.  So a group
of Trids and their minister went up the mountain and before they could
even say one word the ogre kicked them down the mountain. Not being
dismayed the Trids thought that maybe the ogre was Catholic, so they sent
another delagation, this time led by the local priest.  But alas, as they
approached the ogre he once again kicked them all down the mountain.
The Trids were upset until they thought that perhaps the ogre was Jewish.
Unfortunately, no Trids were Jewish, so they wrote to the people of another
land and asked them to send a Rabbi to help them with the ogre.  The
Rabbi arrived and led a delegation of Trids up the mountain.  The ogre
saw them coming and kicked all of them, except for the Rabbi, down the
mountain.  The Rabbi, having been told of the previous expeditions, wondered
why he alone had not been kicked down the mountain, so he asked the ogre.
The ogre laughed and replied:
      "Silly Rabbi, kicks are for Trids!"
[Father Goose #24]
During the invasion of Sicily in World War II, General
George ("Blood 'n' Guts") Patton was preparing to take the
city of Palermo.  He checked with his meteorologists and learned
the day he had chosen would be incredibly rainy.  So he issued
an order to place copies of the New York "Times" immediately
beneath the tailgates of the transports carrying his troops.
In this way the men could keep their feet dry.
His staff was mystified.  Why the "Times"?  Why not the New
York "Daily News"?  Patton was adamant; and one did not argue
with the General.  As five tons of old copies of the "Times"
were being loaded, the General issued one of his greatest
quotes to the assembled war correspondents:
	"THESE ARE THE 'TIMES' THAT DRY MEN'S SOLES."
[Father Goose #25]
	Henry the Plantationer was the Lord of the best flower plantation
in all the land, but he had lost his family's corner on the market of
fleur de lis (hard won by his father).
	This loss enraged his cousin Richard, a nasty, deformed, but clever
man who was lord of the fields of white roses, and who raised 400 pound
attack boars for a hobby.
	Henry's other cousins, who lorded over the fields of red roses
were merely annoyed. They felt that Henry was a good man. He was a quiet
visionary gentleman, with a good raport with the heavenly father.
	As time passed, Richard's fury grew, and he openly proclaimed
that he, not Henry should run the plantation. This of course caused many
bad feelings.
	These feelings came to a head one spring evening, when Henry
was hosting a fancy feast, with all of the local royalty attending
except (for obvious reasons) Richard.
	When this fest was in full swing, Richard burst in, with five of
his biggest 
most viscious attack boars. And they tore up the feast, and the people
turning it into a grotesque study of blood and flesh. When this was done
and only Richard and a few others were left alive, Gruesome Richard
proclaimed
"Now is the dinner of our wistful gent wrent gory assunder by this
  ton of pork !"
[ The story draws from several Shakespeare Histories and the saying from
his Richard the Third, "Now is the winter of our
discontent made glorious summer by this Son of York."]
[Father Goose #26]
     There was this troupe of dancers that traveled around 
the country dancing in clubs and theaters.  They were called 
the Steppers.  At one club, the Steppers did such a good job 
of pulling in patrons that the management gave them all the
drinks they could drink after the show. 
     Well, they all got plastered and were having a big party. 
When it came time to get on their bus to travel to the next town, 
they did not want to stop partying, so they just moved the party 
to the bus.  As they rode down the highway, you could here their 
yelling, singing, and laughing for miles.
     At a house along that very highway, there lived a family that
had a pet snake.  It was a viper, and it's name was Peter.  That
night, Peter Viper was asleep in his snake house in the back yard.
Suddenly, he was awakened by a loud racket.  It was the bus
carrying the Steppers still having their party.  But Peter didn't 
know that.  In his confusion, he thought he was back in deep dark 
Africa being pursued by Pygmies.  He slithered out of his snake
house, headed across the yard as fast as he could, and crossed the 
highway just in front of the bus.  The bus driver, who was a little 
sleepy, saw Peter Viper in the road, and mistook him for a giant log.
He swerved, and the bus landed in the ditch, drunk Steppers
lying everywhere.
     The next day, the headline in the paper read "Peter Viper
wrecks a truck of pickled Steppers".
[Father Goose #27]
President Eisenhower's Mother had a sister; this lady constantly
had trouble in bright sunshine because her nose was so sensitive
that the skin peeled off every summer.
Her doctor made a simple remedy, a small cone of paper (like a
Dunce's cap) which she stuck onto her nose at the first sign of
sun.
Do you believe this?
I didn't until Mick Jagger sang about it.
	Ike's Aunt gets nose hat is fact, son
[Father Goose #28]
  Once upon a time there was a flock of geese.  Like all geese, they would fly
south for the winter and north for the summer.  And, like all geese, they
would fly in one of those impressive  "V"  formations with the lead gander
out in front.  Well, it seems that there was one goose named DeeDee (or Dee
for short), who had a great deal of difficulty following the lead gander's
instructions.  Maybe it was due to a mechanical defect in her (sorry ladies)
wings, or maybe it was just brain damage due to flying through polluted air.
At any rate, when the flock would turn right, Dee would fly the other way,
often crashing into the other geese in the formation.  Needless to say, this
spoiled a great looking formation and proved to be *very embarrassing*.  In
order to take care of the problem, the lead gander told her that she would
have to fly at the end of the formation, thus avoiding any mid-air crashes
and saving the lead gander much face.  When describing the problem and his
solution to it, the lead gander told a reporter from the Audobon Society
magazine:
   "Dee, who flaps last, flaps left"
[Father Goose #29]
   Once there was a great (or almost great) pitcher by name of Melvin
Famie.  Like so many others, though, Melvin got old and lost his touch.
He was such a boost to the spirit of the team, however, that the manage-
ment could justify keeping him on the bench just to offer "Hooray!"s.
Melvin, not having to work terribly hard at his new job, took to sipping
a wee bit o' the malt punch at games to keep HIS spirits up, so he could
keep his teammates' spirits up.
   Well, they were hard at work in a long, drawn-out battle with their
cross-state rivals when the manager realized that they were out of
relief pitchers, out of pinch-hitters, and the poor fool on the mound
was looking for a pounding.  He called our hero off the bench to pitch
the top of the ninth, and Mel, on his way up the steps from the dugout,
groped back for not only his glove, but five or six cans of brew, which
he stuffed into his shirt on his way to the mound.  Needless to say, Mel
had a very hard time locating the catcher from the heights of the mound,
and did all the damage required for a loss of the game by the time the
manager swapped him with the right-fielder.  When the inning was finally
over, Mel collapsed against the fence next to the home-team bullpen,
and snored his way happily through the uneventful bottom of the ninth.
   A youngster on the opposing team, totally amazed to have seen such in
"The Majors", inquired of one of his fellows about the hulk up against
the fence.  "That's the great Melvin Famie", said his elder.  "What's the
bulge in his shirt?" asked the tyro.  The reply?
   "That's the beer that made Mel Famie walk us."
[Father Goose #30]
   Once there was a King who was loved by all of his subjects, especially
because of the hunting excursions he shared with them.  As will happen,
one day he died and his eldest son took the throne.  Now this new king
was an animal-lover to the core, and immediately outlawed all forms of
hunting and fishing.  His subjects accepted this for only a short time
before they ousted him.  This is a truly significant event, because it's
the first time a reign was called on account of the game.
[Father Goose #31]
Late in the previous century, the well-known folklorist
Vivian McNabb was collecting ballads and tales in the
Scottish Highlands, and found a previously unknown musical instrument,
something in the lyre-lute-dulcimer range.  It was sitting unused
as a family heirloom, and the family who owned it no longer
knew exactly how it should be tuned or played, nor did anyone
else in the region.  McNabb purchased it, and showed it
in every village he passed through.  Nobody could give him completely
accurate information, and nobody could tune it or play it, but some
clues began to fall in place.  Several people mentioned Seamus
O'Pernokkety, who lived in Ireland, as a great authority on stringed
instruments.  McNabb determined to go over and consult Seamus.
(Insert shaggy description of McNabb's difficult travels, and the
frustrating search for Seamus O'Pernokkety.)
     Finally, weak and confused, McNabb stumbled up to the door of the
cabin at the top of the steep hill.  Success at last!  Seamus recognized
the instrument, and agreed to tune it and teach McNabb how to play, but
only if McNabb would serve as his apprentice for a full year.
(Insert description of McNabb's arduous year of servitude at the feet
of his musical guru.)
When the year was up, Seamus took the instrument out of the cupboard,
spent the rest of the day tuning it up, and played all night and all
the next day.  It was the most remarkable, beautiful tone McNabb had
ever heard.  He stayed on another month, until he too had some proficiency
at playing.  At last they parted.
McNabb skipped and jumped down the hill, exulting in his newfound
skill in playing the instrument, and in the precious object itself.
So unbridled was he in his joyous carriage, that he tripped and fell,
and went tumbling arse-over-teacup down into a ravine.  A large boulder
finally broke his fall, and also his leg.  The instrument, however,
did not seem to be damaged.  But when he tried to play it, it proved
to be badly out of tune, and he could wring from it nothing but harsh
discords.  There was no help for it: he painfully crawled all the
way back up the terrible hill, arriving at Seamus's cottage late that
evening.
"Oh, Seamus, the most terrible thing has happened!" he gasped out, and
explained about his accident.  "Please, maestro, help me in my despair.
Retune the instrument!  And perhaps do something about my leg, if you
can."
   "Certainly, McNabb, I can set your leg, and you're welcome to
food and lodging while it mends.  But I hope you realize I can't work
on that instrument again."
   "But why not?  Please, you must."
   "No, I cannot.  I thought it was well known:
	O'Pernokkety tunes but once."
[Father Goose #32]
	In the 23rd century the solar system was wracked by constant
	warring between the fragmented states of the Asteroid Belt.
	Particularly successful in these wars was one tribe (I'll call
	them Joes) which managed to total up a surprising war record
	despite its amazingly primitive weaponry through sheer ferocity.
	After having dispatched a fleet from a rival nation (call them
	Jacks), the Joe general went over to his adversary's flagship to
	sign a treaty of peace.  After the diplomatic niceties were
	taken care of, the Jack general (who had been wounded in the
	previous day's fighting) took a moment of his time to talk shop
	and mention his injury.  Their exchange follows:
	Said the Jack general, "What was that laser you sawed me with
	last night?"
	Came the reply, "That was no laser--that was my knife!"
[Father Goose #33]
   It seems there were three monks who enjoyed raising plants
and were trying to keep a flower shop running, selling unique 
and exotic plant life.
   One day, some children where playing behind the shop and
were eaten whole by an extremely rare man-eating plant.
   The parents, needless to say, were outraged, and demanded that
the friars get rid of the dangerous plant.  The friars refused.
   So the parents and the people of the town tried several ways to get 
the friars to consent, but finally they asked Hugh, the town blacksmith,
(undoubtably the strongest man around), to run the friars out of town.
     Your waiting for the moral... Can you guess?
   "Hugh, and only Hugh, can prevent florist friars!"
[Father Goose #34]
Once upon a time, there was an old Chinese man who lived in an even older shop 
in a back alley of San Francisco's Chinatown.  Mr. Chan (for that was the name
by which he was known to his neighbors) ran an Oriental novelty store.  He
stocked all of the standard Far Eastern trinkets, such as paper kites shaped
like fish, cheap imitation silk kimonos, Japanese lanterns, chopsticks, and
so on, but both his heart and his profit were in his collection of wooden
figurines.  Fortunate contacts, mostly relatives in Taiwan, had given him
access to the finest woods of the Orient, and the most skilled carvers.  His
greatest treasures were tiny statuettes, no bigger than your thumb, carved
from teak wood.  These were totally unique to his establishment, for he had
a cousin who owned the finest stand of teak trees in Burma, and, his greatest
secret, a distant relative by marriage was a blind sculpter who specialized
in carving these miniatures.  Mr. Chan's statues had made him rather well
known among connoisseurs of Oriental curiosities, and provided him with a
comfortable living.
Mr. Chan's life had continued undisturbed for years, and all seemed most
serene.  Every day he would come down from his bedroom above the shop,
unlock the door, and wait for business.  He would sell a few cheap knicknacks
to tourists, and, perhaps once a month, a buyer would arrive to look over
his collection of statuettes.  Such a special customer would receive Mr.
Chan's full attention, and they would talk for hours about the finer points
of Oriental carving.  Usually the visit would end with a sale, and Mr. Chan
would retire happily to his bed.
One day, though, disaster struck.  Mr. Chan came downstairs, and discovered
that his store had been vandalized!  The door was ripped right off of its
hinges and lay 20 feet down the street.  Paper lanterns were ripped apart,
coolie hats smashed to straw, and some fine, delicate Japanese screens were
riddled with holes.  But worst of all, the glass display case in which Mr.
Chan kept his figurines had been shattered, and all of the figurines were
stolen!
Mr. Chan, though momentarily shocked, was made of stern stuff.  He called the
police at once, and consoled himself that, wise businessman that he was, he
was fully insured.  While this was meager compensation for the loss of his
beloved statues, he hoped that the police would be able to recover them.  The
police, however, despite a painstaking search, could discover but one clue:
tiny, muddy, childlike footprints  leading from the door to the display case.
The police suspected a youth gang, but could find no further evidence.
Mr. Chan was forced to disappoint several of his regular customers while 
waiting for the next shipment of statues from Taiwan, but they finally
arrived, and Mr. Chan was very excited, for these were even finer than any
he had previously received.  He carefully arranged them in his display case
(he had, of course, replaced the broken one), looked over them with pride,
and retired for the night, secure in the knowledge that his new burglar
alarm system would protect them.  
In the middle of the night, Mr. Chan was jolted to consciousness by the
sudden blare of the alarm.  He wrapped a robe around himself and rushed 
downstairs, but too late!  The display case was again smashed, the statues
gone, and a set of wet. muddy, miniscule footprints lead out of the 
shattered door.  Mr. Chan attempted to give chase, but failed to catch the 
culprits.  The police were again unable to turn up any clues but the childlike
footprints, which seemed particularly incongruous in the face of the fact that
Mr. Chan's brand new steel reinforced door had been burst open seemingly
without effort.
Mr. Chan had lost confidence in San Francisco's finest.  He replaced the
security precautions, making them even stronger, but determined to take
direct action.  Thus, when the next shipment of statuettes arrived some
months later, delayed by a blight on the Burmese teak groves and a typhoon in 
the China Sea, Mr. Chan had a plan of action.  He placed the figurines in the 
new display case and concealed himself behind a curtain made of plastic beads,
and waited, ancient Chinese arquebus loaded and at the ready.  Any thief who 
dared to venture into his store tonight would be in for a nasty surprise!
The hours passed.  Mr. Chan, despite good intentions, dropped off to sleep
and the arquebus slipped off of his lap and slid behind a large pile of
Javanese sandals.  Then, all of a sudden there was a tremendous ripping
noise, followed closely by the high pitched scream of the burglar alarm!
Mr. Chan leaped to his feet, clutching for his weapon, but he could not 
find it!  The lights, activated by the alarm system, flashed on, revealing
to Mr. Chan a sight which made his blood freeze.  Running quickly towards
the display case, in a crouch to get through the low door, was a tremendous
grizzly bear.  Saliva dripped from its yellowed fangs and Mr. Chan was almost
overcome by the greasy stench of its fur.  Despite its huge size, the bear
moved swiftly, almost delicately...on little tiny feet no bigger than those
of a ten year old child.  The bear reached the display case and, with a 
single swipe of its fearsome paw, smashed the security glass.  It reached
inside and rather clumsily gathered up all of the figurines.  Then, with an
almost balletic move, it spun round on its tiny feet and prepared to leave 
the store, no more than ten seconds after it had entered.
Mr. Chan was momentarily unnerved by the sudden appearence of the bear, but
the courage of generations of Chinese warriors flowed in his veins, brought
to the fore by the desecration and theft of his most prized possesions.  Taking
no head for his personal safety, caring not at all that he was frail and
unarmed, he leaped out from behind the bed curtain and, in a voice so filled
with outrage that it even overcame the screaming sirens of the burglar alarm
system, shouted:
"Stop right where you are, boyfoot bear with teak of Chan!"
[Father Goose #35]
Once upon a time, in the Kingdom of the Pearls, there lived an extremely
cultured pearl named Michael.  Michael was a pearl of high ideals and
great aspirations, and, in the hopes of better serving his fellow pearls,
he went to law school, graduated, and opened a legal clinic.  He became
well known for his charitable services to less fortunate pearls.  But alas,
after a few years, he began to burn out.  He paid less and less attention
to his cases.  Eventually, he dropped out completely and became a beachcomber,
spending his days lying on the strand with grains of sand sticking to his
filthy, unwashed body.  And his relatives, filled with sorrow at this sight,
all chanted,
		A gritty pearl is Michael, LLD.
[Father Goose #36]
Once upon a time there was this bum named Benny.  Benny didn't have a dime,
except when he could beg one off of somebody, and he lived by sifting through
garbage heaps looking for discarded items which could still be sold to a
pawnbroker for a few cents.  On day, as he was looking through the city
dump, he came upon an old-fashioned Arabian Nights style lamp.  It was
pretty beat up, and Benny didn't think he could get much for it, so he
was about to discard it.  Then he thought, "Well, if I knocked out some of
the dents and polished it up a bit, maybe Sam the Pawnbroker would give me
a quarter for it."  So Benny rubbed it against his sleeve to see if it would
polish up without too much work.
Lo and behold, a huge cloud of tastefully colored smoke billowed forth from
the lamp and formed itself into a gigantic genie.  Benny cowered in awe, until
the genie bellowed: "Oh, Master, I am the genie of the lamp, and I am yours to
command.  I will grant you any wish, any desire you may have.  Nothing is 
beyond my power.  I can make you rich.  I can make you famous.  I can make
beautiful women fall in love with you.  I can make the networks put "Star
Trek" back on the air.  But I am an eccentric genie, and, if all of this is
to be yours, you must do one thing!"
Benny, knowing a good deal when he hears one, says, "What must I do, oh
genie?"
And the genie replied, "It is a simple thing, a trifle really, but I must
insist upon it.  You must never again, under any circumstances and for any
reason, shave your beard.  If you let your whiskers grow, I will serve you
faithfully and grant your every desire.  But should you ever shave again,
I will strike you with a lightning bolt, reducing your body to ashes, which
I will then store in a gawdy funeral urn alongside the remains of all
of my former faithless masters in a cave in the vicinity of Damascus."
Benny, being a bum, didn't shave very often anyway, so this sounded like
a pretty good deal, and he agreed.  He wished for wealth, and, lo and behold,
he was wealthy.  He wished to become powerful, and he was immediately elected
to the board of directors of seven companies and named Time's Man of the Year.
Then he met Sally.  Sally was the most beautiful girl he'd ever seen, and the
moment he saw her, he knew that she was the only woman for him.  As the
genie had promised, Sally fell in love with him.  However, despite her love,
she refused to marry him, because she had been frightened at an early age
by a picture of George Bernard Shaw and refused to have anything to do with
a bearded man.  
Benny was inconsolable.  As he thought about it, he recalled
that, except for that first meeting, the genie had never mentioned a word 
about not shaving.  Besides, now that Benny had everything he wanted, he
could keep the genie in the lamp and it would never know that he'd shaved.
So, he got out a razor, ran some hot water, lathered up, and shaved.  While
he was at it, he felt a bit apprehensive, but nothing seemed to be happening,
so he went ahead.  Just as he zipped off the last whisker, a lightning bolt
shot out of the clear blue sky, burst through the roof of his penthouse,
struck him dead center, and burned him to ashes.   The genie then issued forth
from the lamp, wearing an apron and carrying a little dustpan and a wiskbroom.
It swept up the ashes, deposited them in a mauve and puce urn of indescribably
ugliness, sealed it, and flew off to Damascus to deposit out poor hero in
his final resting place.
Which just goes to show that, a Benny shaved is a Benny urned.
[Father Goose #37]
	Roy Rogers gets a new pair of boots, but a mountain lion eats the
boots. To get even, Roy chases (insert colorful description as needed) and
kills (after long fight - to be described in vivid detail) the lion, and
returns carrying the lion back to camp. When he returns, Dale Evans 
exclaims, "Pardon me, Roy, is that the cat that ate your new shoes."
[Father Goose #38]
There was once an agricultural extension of a community college that
was into growing big fruit.  Now we're really talking big fruit here:
they grew blueberries the size of oranges and strawberries the size of
grapefruits.  Not only were they big, but they were also the sweetest,
juiciest, most luscious fruit you've ever tasted.  Realizing the
commercial value of such fruit, before attempting large scale
cultivation, they decided to insure these fruit.  But in order to get
something insured, you need to have it valued for insurance purposes.
What do academics know about insurance anyway?  So they look in the
phone book, and call the first entry: the Acme Insurance Valuation
Service.  These two guys show up and they are pretty shady looking
characters; they're not wearing lab coats, they're wearing
trenchcoats!  The guys from Acme pick up the fruit and start walking
out with it.  The scientists are surprised and incensed, and ask "Are
you going to value them here, or give us a receipt, or what?"  The two
guys from Acme reply "We have come to seize your berries, not to
appraise them."
[Father Goose #39]
Hans and Gretchen were walking along the shore one Sunday afternoon when
they spotted a dock projecting into the harbour.  They decide to walk
to the end of the dock and sit down to rest (chat, have a smoke or
