disarm myself, then he can kill me and Bahamut both.'  "You'd
kill him anyway," she said, and leapt through the air toward him.
     "You're right," Gross Sword replied, "I would."  And the
instant before Ridiculous Sword reached him, he stuck his sword
into Bahamut's throat and did 345 points of damage.  And that
wasn't even counting the life stealing, slaying, venom, severing,
or disintegration effects of the weapon.  Bahamut slumped
headless to the ground.
     Gross Sword liked the feeling of that so much he killed one
of the seven huge ancient gold dragons as well before he used his
amulet of the planes to transport him out.
     There wasn't a human or gold dragon present who wasn't
screaming, crying, or moaning.
                                #
     Ringman was unaware of what had just transpired at the back
of the east wind.  He had his own dilemma to worry about.
     He saw it coming the moment he'd parked his horse.  A lone
figure, this time confidently without its own warhorse, stalked
slowly into town toward Ringman's small castle.  The glowing
plate mail, the jewelled helmet, and the sheathed Prometheus
dangling from its side left no question as to who it was that had
decided to bug them again.  "Quick, Homer!" Ringman instructed
the brownie, "To the second floor!"
     "But what's being one floor higher gonna do against Peter
Perfect?" Homer asked as he clambered up the stairs behind
Ringman.
     "If I'm right," the 9th-level paladin explained as he
reached the second story, "Everything."  He pointed.  "There's a
closet marked 'Non-magical weapons' along the south wall.  It it,
there'll be a stack of things that look like javelins.  Grab all
of those javelin-looking things you can and bring them to the
east parapet."
     "Right," Homer said, and got going.  He was too scared of
Peter Perfect to argue.
     Ringman went to the north parapet and unlashed a rather
large war engine on wheels.  "I put this here to ward off attack
from the north," He mumbled to himself as he started to push the
apparatus.  "Peter Perfect _would_ have to attack from the east."
     He was having an Acheron of a time getting this thing to
move on those old, rotten wooden wheels.  He wished now that he
_had_ taken that girdle of titan strength; then he could just
carry this whole mess to the east parapet.  But he was making
pretty good time anyway, considering that the left wheel only
turned about 1/3 of the time.
     "Oh RIIING-mannn!" Peter Perfect's voice echoed from far-off
just as Ringman finished dragging the artillery engine onto the
parapet.  "Where ARE you, Ring-mannn?  Come out and pla-ay!  It's
that time of the month again!"
     Ringman grabbed the front end of the gismo and pulled until
it pointed more or less at Peter Perfect.  Homer was just
emerging from the hallway, carrying a very large armful of
javelin-looking things.  He dropped one about every ten feet. 
Ringman nodded at the brownie, then took hold of the gigantic
rubber band that spanned the front of the device and stretched it
across a large metal tong three feet back from the apparatus'
front.
     "Now what do I do?" Homer asked as Ringman got behind the
machine.
     "Load one of the missiles into the firing slot, just in
front of that rubbery thing as soon as I crank it all the way
back."  He grasped the two levers connected to opposite sides of
a toothed wheel and began to turn it.  Several gears and pulleys
later, the metal tong keeping the rubber band in place pulled
back even farther.  Ringman continued to crank and the rubber
band continued to retract.
     "What is this thing?" Homer asked.
     "It's a ballista," Ringman said with evident strain in his
voice.  It was getting harder and harder to turn the crank.
     Peter Perfect interrupted them again, this time closer. 
"Which part of your body shall I cut off this time?  How about
your left arm?  Or a leg?  Or a different extremity?"
     Ringman ignored him.  "Since I learned how, I've been
reading the Book of Infinite Wisdom a little myself," he
explained.  "I found this little gem in the construction and
siege heading.  So, with a little help from Sick Sword -- before
she threw me out of her life -- I got hold of a +1 ballista. 
Peter Perfect's in for a nasty surprise."
     "Hey, too bad about your little girlfriend, Ringboy," Peter
shouted once more.  "At least you won't have her ordering you
around the castle to wash the dishes, right?"
     Homer smiled expectantly as he loaded the first spearlike
missile into the firing track.  Ringman took his seat as the
firer and grabbed the handles which allowed him to aim.  Since
this was a magic ballista, the swivel bearings would never rust,
and so despite his difficulty in moving the ballista to this
position its aiming mechanism worked smooth as glassteel.  He
poised his thumb atop the right handle's release switch, lined up
Peter Perfect in the built-in crosshairs, and let him have it.
     The missile streaked through the air and shattered to
flinders against Peter Perfect's chest.  "Ho ho, Ringman," he
laughed, "You're going to have to do better than that!"
     Ringman whacked himself over the forehead.  "I _would_ have
to forget about that accursed Coat of Arnd.  He's totally
invulnerable from his neck down to his thighs.  Reload for me
again after I crank it back; I'm going to have to aim for his
legs."
     Homer shrugged.  "Sure thing, uh, boss."  Ringman had
already set the rubber band back on the metal flange and was
hurriedly working the crank.
     Peter Perfect trudged ever-closer.  He was less than two
hundred yards away now.  "I never thought that the 'great and
powerful' Ringman would resort to throwing things at me!"
     Homer had the ballista loaded, and Ringman centered Peter
Perfect in his sights.  He aimed just a tad lower this time,
putting the crosshairs on his right thigh rather than his torso,
and fired.  The rubber band tossed the projectile forward, the
ballista rattled back-and-forth, the black streak of the missile
lunged across the intervening distance, and a javelin-looking
thing pierced right through Peter Perfect's adamantite-alloyed
thigh guard and impaled his right leg.
     "ARRRRGH!" Peter screamed, clutching at the shaft.  "How
could you _possibly_ have hit me?!  I'm armor class -20!"
     "Think again, you poor excuse for a paladin!" Ringman
shouted.  "According to page 109, left-hand column, paragraph 4
of the Book of Infinite Wisdom, 'BALLISTA TARGETS . . . ARE
ALWAYS CONSIDERED TO BE AC 10 IF EXPOSED TO SIGHT.'!"
     "Armor . . . class . . . ten?!?" Peter worried.
     Ringman had another missile loaded in less time than anyone
in his right mind would think he was capable of.  "Fire!" he
shouted, this time aiming for Peter's right leg.
     Peter Perfect saw it coming and tried to dodge.  His shield
and dexterity were totally useless in this situation; he could
only hope that by not being a static target he would incur some
to-hit penalty on Ringman.  Penalty or not, the missile still
hit, and now Peter had a wooden pole sticking out of his left
leg.
     "Ouch!" Peter ouched, hopping from leg to leg.  Either leg
was equally painful to walk on.  His invulnerability had not
protected him here, so he figured that that blasted Ringman must
be using a magic ballista or something.  He heard the sound of a
turning ratchet; Ringman was reloading again.  Confound it, and
he only had 188 hit points too.  Sure, each hit only did 1-11
damage points to him (they'd be doing 3-13 if not for his
permanent protection from normal missiles spell), but how long
could he hold out before Ringman got that lucky strike to his
head?  He had only one alternative as far as he could tell: get
out of there, and get out fast.
     And so, with a purple glow from his second magic helmet,
Peter Perfect teleported out.
     "All right!" Homer shouted, "We did it!"  He held up his
hand.
     Ringman slapped the brownie's hand a high-five, and joined
him in rejoicing.  "Yeah, we did it!  VICTORY! . . . for now."
                                #
     "Defeat," Ridiculous Sword said as she solemnly lowered
Bahamut's corpse into the ceremonial dragon burial ring, "For
now."  There would be no cremation, no funeral pyre; dragon skin
was too valuable to waste.
     Two small bronze dragons and one normal-sized young gold
dragon lowered the slain gold dragon's body down beside
Bahamut's.  There were tears in all their eyes, but the young
gold dragon seemed ready to burst.
     A silver dragon took faltering steps towand the two, and
laid headstones next to them.  "Bahamut," the first one read,
"Lord of all good dragons."  The second one read: "Samuel, of
Bahamut's court."
     "G-g-goo'bye, dad," the young gold dragon wept by Samuel's
remains.  Then, he closed his eyes and recited one of the gold
dragons' axioms: "You shall lie more peacefully . . . that you
have furthered Bahamut's ideal."
     And with that, nearly every one of the hundreds of metal-
colored dragons who had gathered there burst into tears.  The six
huge ancient gold dragons that had been Bahamut's court most of
all.  Bahamut was Life to each and every one of them.
     "First Saint Paul," Ridiculous Sword recounted, "Then our
mom, and now Bahamut.  I swear, Gross Sword, I'll not rest until
you've been defeated.  I'll find a way.  No one is totally
invulnerable, not you, not I, not anyone.  Even if it means my
own life and soul, I'll stop you."
     "Bahamut!" the saurine voices around her wailed.  "Oh
Bahamut, Bahamut, Bahamut!"
                            PART THREE
     Ridiculous Sword pushed her way through the swinging doors
of the saloon.  She needed a drink.  Or at least she needed some
place to unwind.
     She listened briefly to the piano player on her way from the
door to the bar.  He was playing one of those sprightly tunes
that piano players always seem to be playing in saloons.  A sign
rested on top of his tinny upright, reading: "Don't hack me to
bits, I'm only the piano player."
     She propped herself up on a barstool and smoothed the light-
brown hair out of her face.  "Bartender, gimmie a double
ethanol."
     The bartender leered at her.  "Okay, kid, let's see some
I.D."
     She looked him straight in the eye.  "I.D.'s haven't been
invented yet."
     "Oh yeah," he replied, and reached below the counter for a
bottle of pure grain alcohol.
     She looked at the piano player again, who was repeating the
same phrase he'd just played 20 seconds ago.  "Oh, can it, pianos
haven't been invented yet either."
     "Here ya go, kid," the bartender returned with a glassful of
ethyl alcohol.  "Uh, ya do got money, don'tcha?"
     "Do I have money, he asks!  Here."  She plopped a million-
gold-piece gem down on the counter.
     The bartender's eyes bulged out.  "Um, er, uh, sorry, but we
don't --"
     "Take any denominations smaller than 20 gold pieces.  All
right, all right!  So what else is new?"
     She drew her Ridiculous Hand Axe, much to the dismay of the
bartender, and chopped the 1,000,000-gold-piece gem up into
65,536 15.25878906-gold-piece gems.  She scooped 65,535 of these
back into her leather backpack of holding (which she placed in
her portable hole) and gave one to the bartender.  "Here.  Keep
the change.  Oh, and bring me two more of these, will ya?"
     "Two more double-ethanols?  Uh, sure . . ."  He set to work.
     She lifted the glass to eye level and swished it around,
watching the small impurity of water make little eddies.  Then
she lowered it to her mouth.  "For the honor of Grayhawk," she
toasted, and downed the whole glassful in a single gulp.
     It was in staring at the bottom of the tilted glass that she
saw a reflection of the commotion outside.
     "No," the little half-elven boy screamed as he struggled to
free himself.  "I don't _wanna_ go with you!"
     "Sure-you-do," the female dragging his left arm replied in a
monotone.  "Don't-you-want-to-come-home-with-us?"
     "No!  You're not my _real_ mommy and daddy!"
     "Of-course-we-are," the male dragging his right arm recited
in a monotone half an octave below the female's.
     The monotone mommy and daddy barely noticed that they had
bumped into a ten-year-old girl.  When the message reached
whatever passed for their brains, they were quick to reprimand
her.
     "Get-out-of-our-way," the female said, pointing her
decaying, elven pointy ears forward.  "This-is-none-of-your-
business."
     "Oh no?" Ridiculous Sword replied.  "Since when do zombie
parents have live children?"
     'Zombies?' the boy gulped.
     The two glazy-eyed humans looked at each other quizzically,
then looked back at Ridiculous Sword and said in chorus, "We-are-
not-zombies."
     Ridiculous Sword smirked.  "We'll see about that," she
replied as she reached under her robe of eyes.  She pulled out a
white egg-shaped thing with a light blue stripe (with dark blue
trim) across the middle that had the words "HOLY SYMBOL" printed
on the side.  Holding it out in front of her and facing the kid's
"parents," she nonchalantly said, "Begone."
     And the two zombies disintegrated into piles of dust.
     The boy just stood there and shook.
     "Sorry," Ridiculous Sword put a hand on his shoulder.  "Did
those ever used to be your real parents?"
     "Well," the boy sniffed, "Well, they did look sorta like my
mom and dad . . ."
     Ridiculous Sword nodded solemnly.  "They've probably been
dead for several days.  There are always those prankster cults
around who'll look for parents who have just died and animate
them into zombies before their kids find out.  Sorry it had to
happen to you."
     "I," the boy began, ". . . I had a feeling something was
wrong when they went out to the town well yesterday morning and
didn't come back."
     Ridiculous Sword nodded again.  "Are you an only child?"
     "Um, I don't have any brothers or sisters, if that's what
you mean."  Then, he added: "I used to have a sister, but she
died of typhus."
     Ridiculous Sword covered her eyes with her right hand and
shook her head.  "When are these people going to get around to
inventing penicillin?"
     The boy puzzled.  "Peni-what?"
     "Er, never mind, never mind.  Hey, what's your name?"
     "Jimmy, what's yours?"
     "Ridiculous Sword."
     In the most phenomenal turn-around Ridiculous Sword had seen
in a long time, Jimmy went from the verge of sobbing to a barely-
controllable fit of the giggles.  He was down on the ground in
seconds.
     "RIDICULOUS Sword?!?" he managed to spit out between
guffaws.  "RIDICULOUS Sword!?!  Haw haw haw haw haw haw haw!! 
That's the stupidest name I EVER heard!!"
     "Oh, right," Ridiculous Sword folded her arms, "And I
suppose you think Jimmy is a _lots_ better name."
     "You bet!  HAW HAW HAW!!  RIDICULOUS SWORD!  What a STUPID
name!!!"
     Of its own volition, the broadsword stashed next to
Ridiculous Sword's left hip pulled itself free of its scabbard
and dashed toward Jimmy.  Jimmy's case of the giggles went away
instantly.  The sword hovered in midair momentarily, and then
zipped to within an inch of his throat.
     "RIDICULOUS SWORD," the sword bellowed, amplifying its voice
with telepathy, "HAPPENS TO BE A PERFECTLY FINE NAME!  THERE
SOMETHING _WRONG_ WITH THAT?!!"
     "Now, now, Ridiculous Sword," Ridiculous Sword chided her
naughty weapon, "Don't go threatening innocent bystanders.  He
was talking about me, anyway, not you."  She drew her sword from
the air and sheathed it.  Jimmy shook like a fault line.  "Sorry
about that, Jimmy; my Ridiculous Sword's a bit touchy.  You'd be,
too, if you had an 82 ego."
     "Your . . . your sword's named after you?"
     "Sure."  She drew some of her other weapons.  "And so's my
hand axe, and my longsword, and my dagger, and my pair of gloves,
and my other pair of gloves.  They're all just as Ridiculous as I
am."
     Jimmy was silent for a very, very long fraction of a second. 
Then, he spoke up: "What do I do now that my mom and dad are two
piles of dust?"
     Ridiculous Sword shrugged.  "Well, I guess you're with me,
kiddo."
     Jimmy glared at her.  "But you aren't any older than I am!"
     "No, but I have seventy or eighty million more experience
points than you do."
     'Seventy or eighty million?' Jimmy mouthed, his eyes
bulging.
     "Come on," Ridiculous Sword gestured, "Let's go to your
place and try to straighten out your future."
                                #
     "Now that I'm looking after you," Ridiculous Sword explained
as they walked down Hack-and-Slash Lane toward Jimmy's old home,
"I think you ought to know that I've made some pretty powerful
enemies.  Not the least of whom is my own dear brother."
     "Uh huh.  So?"
     "So, they might want to get at me through you.  You'll need
to be able to protect yourself."
     "Hey, I'm ten years old!  If anybody tries to mess with me,
why, I'll bash 'em across the jaw!"  He swung at the empty air. 
"I'll kick their butts!"  He thrust his foot out in front of him. 
"I'll --"
     "You'll get killed, if you try that.  Fists and feet aren't
very useful against crossbow bolts --"
     Jimmy gulped.
     "-- unless you happen to be a monk, like me."
     "A monk?  But I thought you were a cleric!"
     "No, silly, pure clerics can't use edged weapons."
     "So you're a monk, _and_ a cleric then?"
     Ridiculous Sword thought of telling him more, then thought
better of it.  "Yes, I am."
     "Oh."  They resumed walking.  Jimmy rubbed his chin for a
moment.  "But monks aren't supposed to use swords!"
     Ridiculous Sword sighed.  "Okay, you got me.  I'm also a
ranger."
     Jimmy stopped short.  "So you're a ranger, _and_ a monk, _and_
a cleric?  Are you anything else besides?"
     "Well, I _am_ a druid as well."
     "All right," Jimmy folded his arms.  "Tell me, from top to
bottom, everything you are, or I'm not budging a centimeter!"
     "Kinda personal, wouldn't you say?"
     "You want me to trust you?  Then tell me."
     "Okay," she breathed, "I'm a Hierophant of the Cabal druid,
the Grandfather of Assassins, the Grand Master of Flowers, a
17th-level ranger lord, a 17th-level master thief, a 20th-level
paladin, a magna-alumnae bard, a 31st-level illusionist, a 49th-
level arch-mage, a 60th-level weapons mistress, and a psionic. 
I'm lawful good, because neither the Book of Infinite Wisdom, the
Book of Finite Wisdom, nor the Other Book of Infinite Wisdom
makes any stipulation against druids or bards or thieves or
assassins changing their alignment."  She paused, reached into
the astral plane, and pulled her brownie down into the physical
universe.  "This is my familiar, the Ridiculous Brownie.  Say
hello to the nice little half-elven boy, Ridiculous Brownie."
     "Hi, nice little half-elven boy," the brownie said, and
disappeared back into the astral world.
     "There," Ridiculous Sword finished, "Are you satisfied?"
     Jimmy rolled his eyes up into his head and fainted.
     When he woke up twelve seconds later, he found Ridiculous
Sword leaning over him about to cast some kind of wake-up spell. 
"Oh my deity," Jimmy moaned, "You're more well-equipped than Sick
Sword!"
     Ridiculous Sword stopped gesticulating, smiled a smile of
sudden understanding, closed her eyes, and nodded her head. 
"Sick Sword was my mother."
     "Your mother . . . Sick _Sword_ . . . Ridiculous _Sword_
. . ."  They had the same last name and everything.  Now it all
made sense.  Well, almost all of it did: "You said Sick Sword
_was_ your mother?"
     Ridiculous Sword nodded solemnly.  "Up until a couple days
ago.  Like I said, my brother is my most powerful enemy."
     "Your own brother killed your mom?!"
     "Mmm hmm.  'Fraid so.  Evil little sonofabitch, isn't he? 
Didn't even leave a soul behind to resurrect."
     "So you're an orphan like me?"
     "Well, not quite.  My dad's still alive, but he's just a
9th-level by-the-book paladin.  He's a nice guy, though. . . .
Well, anyway, like I was trying to say, I've got some pretty
powerful enemies, so you'll need some protection."
     She took a portable hole out of her pocket with a piece of
masking tape across the top.  On the strip of tape were scribed
the words, "Sick Sword's stuff -- excess."  Opening the hole, she
reached in, rummaged around noisily, and finally pulled out a
gray, solid adamantite broadsword and handed it to Jimmy. 
"Here," she told him, "This ought to help."
     The instant Jimmy grabbed the haft, the sword's will took
advantage of the opportunity and lanced full-force into him. 
Brilliant white light scintillated outward from the blade, an
ominous fanfare wafted through the air, and a voice both
telepathic and auditory boomed, "I AM THE SICK SWORD!"
     "Y-y-y-yikes!" said Jimmy meekly.
     "BEFORE SICK SWORD WAS, I WAS.  BEFORE CENTRAL EARTH WAS, I
WAS."
     'Oh, come _on_,' Ridiculous Sword thought, 'You've only been
around for twelve or thirteen years.'
     "I AM ALL THINGS GREAT AND POWERFUL, ALL CREATURES GREAT AND
SMALL.  I SERVED IN THE HAND OF THE GREATEST WEAPONS-MISTRESS/
CLERIC/ARCH-MAGE THAT EVER LIVED.  I CAN FELL AN OGRE WITH A
SWIPE OF MY BACKHAND.  I --"
     The Sick Sword felt a Ridiculous glove grab hold of its
adamantite blade.  "Cool it, Sicky," Ridiculous Sword ordered,
"Or I'll find a humble ant to crush you beneath the foot of!"
     The adamantite broadsword was instantly silent.
     "Sick Sword," she continued, "This is Jimmy, your new
wielder.  You're to protect him just as you did Sick Sword. 
Understand?"
     "*sigh* . . . ALL RIGHT.  DO YOU WANT TO BE MY NEW OWNER,
JIMMY?"
     "Well . . . yeah, sure!" Jimmy decided.
     "EXCELLENT.  WHAT'S YOU'RE ALIGNMENT?"
     "Uh, kinda chaotic-lawful with neutral tendencies."
     "WELL, IT'S LAWFUL-GOOD NOW."
     "Huh?  What do you --"
     "ARTIFACT SIDE EFFECT A: ALIGNMENT OF POSSESSOR PERMANENTLY
CHANGED TO THAT OF ITEM.  YOU ARE LAWFUL-GOOD NOW, WHETHER YOU
LIKE IT OR NOT.  OH, AND I'M ALSO SUPPOSED TO PLACE A GEAS OR A
QUEST ON YOU . . ."
     Ridiculous Sword leered at the weapon menacingly.
     "SO, UM, UH, YOUR GEAS IS TO, ER, SEEK OUT AND FIND THE, UM,
UH --"
     "Holy Grail?" Jimmy asked.
     The sword pointed at him defensively.  "HE SAID IT, NOT ME."
     Ridiculous Sword snapped her fingers.  "No matter.  _I wish
that Jimmy were un-geased_."
     "WHEW," the sword exhaled.  "WELL, THAT WASN'T SO BAD, NOW
WAS IT?"
     "Well, I dunno," Jimmy told the Sick Sword, "I ain't never
been geased before."
     "Jimmy, this is a +6 vorpal 9-lives stealing broadsword of
wounding, dancing, and life stealing.  It's made of solid
adamantite.  Do you know what that means?"
     "Yeah, it means I get to HACK UP THE BAD GUYS!  Wham!  Hack! 
Swoosh!"  He swung the sword around precariously three times.
     "No, no, NO!  It means --" she grabbed the sword again to
keep him from slicing haphazardly through the air, "-- that
you've gotta _learn_ how to use it to defend yourself.  In other
words, you gotta know how to parry as well as how to attack.  One
of the sword's major artifact powers _will_ reduce your base armor
class to 0, but that certainly isn't enough to make you hit-proof.
Now then, what's your DEX?"
     "Er, my what?"
     "Your DEX.  You know, your Dexterity."
     "Well, I _guess_ I'm pretty good with my fingers."
     "You GUESS?!  You mean you DON'T KNOW?!!"
     "No.  Should I?"
     "By God II, what kind of a world _is_ this where people don't
even know their own character abilities?!  Where's your character
sheet?"
     "My what?"
     Ridiculous Sword conked herself on the head.  "How do you
expect to keep track of your experience points without a
character sheet!?"
     "Well, um, I always just thought that, well, uh, you know
. . ."
     Ridiculous Sword sighed, feeling rather vexed, and reached
into the outer planes right above Jimmy's head.  She pulled out a
yellow sheet of paper with lots of markings on it and the name
"Jimmy" written in bold calligraphy.  "Let's see.  Jimmy:  half-
elven, level 0 --" she eyed the sheet and the boy warily.  "--
Oh, that's right, only PURE elves never get to be 0th level. 
Ahem; 9 Strength, 12 Intelligence, 8 Wisdom, 11 Dexterity, 13
Constitution, 10 Charisma."  She looked at him over the top of
his character sheet.  "You're not much, are you?"
     Jimmy grimaced but didn't bother to reply.
     Ridiculous Sword took his hand.  "Come with me," she said.
     Jimmy shrugged and nodded his consent.
     Not that he had much choice in the matter.  Ridiculous
Sword's second helm glowed purple for a moment, and they found
themselves within a great cavern at the core of a majestic
mountain.  With his natural infravisual capability, Jimmy saw a
massive stone chair carved out of the stone on one side of the
cave.  Intricate mosaics of ivory, platinum, and adamantite
adorned the bejewelled throne.  It was pretty awesome-looking
even in the infra-red.
     "This is the Throne of the Gods," Ridiculous Sword told him,
indicating the chair.  "Sit on it."
     "Um, sit on it?" Jimmy inquired, not quite believing her and
still a little shaken up from that teleport.
     Ridiculous Sword nodded.  "Go on, sit on it."
     Jimmy took a few faltering steps toward the relic.  "Are you
sure this is a good idea?"
     "Would I lie to you?"
     "I don't know, would you?"
     Ridiculous Sword sighed.  "Look, here, I'll even cast a
detect lie spell on you so you can tell if I'm telling the
truth."  She did.  "Now then, that Throne is perfectly harmless."
     Jimmy put a hand to his chin.  "What does that little red
light over your head mean?"
     "Er, um, uh, all right then -- that Throne is perfectly
harmless _if_ you do as I say."
     In Jimmy's mind, the light over her head changed from red to
green.  "Well, okay," Jimmy acquiesced, turning back toward the
seat, "But no funny stuff."
     Jimmy's hands trembled so badly he could barely hold on to
the arm rests as he sat himself down.
     "Now, repeat after me," Ridiculous Sword told him.  "Semper
fidelis, cum regio spaticum est."
     "What's that mean?" Jimmy asked.
     "Never mind what it means, just say it."
     "But what's it mean?"
     "It means 'Holy fidelity!  It's a space ship!,' all right? 
So say it: semper fidelis, cum regio spaticum est."
     "Semper fidelis, cum regio spaticum est."
     "Sic transit gloria tuesdi."
     "Sick transit gloria tuesdi."
     "Lisan-al-gaib Shai-hulud Muad'dib Kwisatz Haderach shield-
lasgun explosion."
     "Listen-al-gaib Shy-hoolud Maud'dib Quizzat's Hatrack
shield-lazegun explosion."
     "Abra cadabra, presto changeo."
     "Abra cadabra, presto changeo."  And the instant he finished
"changeo," he felt somehow . . . different.  "I feel somehow . . .
different," he said.
     Ridiculous Sword smiled.  "Prime power B: 'All of
possessor's ability totals raised to 18 each upon pronouncement
of a command word.'  Those little phrases I gave you to say were
the command word; now you have straight eighteens across the
board."
     Jimmy's eyes bugged out.  "You mean 18 strength, 18
intelligence, 18 wisdom, 18 dexterity, 18 constitution --"
     "And eighteen charisma," Ridiculous Sword finished.
     "But suppose I don't _want_ straight 18's across the board!"
     "Oh, nonsense, _everybody_ wants all 18's.  Everybody except
people who have 19's, that is.  Which reminds me . . ."
     "Oh, no you don't!" Jimmy insisted, standing up and moving
away from the Throne.  "Bad enough that I can outclass most
nobility right now!  You're not getting me pumped up any
further!"
     Ridiculous Sword folded her arms.  "I could never get my
father to do even as much as you just did."
     "Maybe that was because Ringman _knew_ that all of his
abilities would get permanently raised to 18 if he did that.
You never told me what you were doing with me.  Gehenna, you've
hardly ever told me _anything_!  What are you, a cleric or
something?!"
     "Naturally.  Part cleric, part --"
     "Oh, _how_ could I for_get_ about your eleven classes --
especially now with my 18 intelligence!  For the positive
material plane's sake!"  He slammed his fist down on a rock
outcropping, leaving an 18 strength fist-shaped indentation. 
"There, you see!  You've already given me more power than I know
what to do with!"
     "Come on, you can handle it; you've got an 18 wisdom."
     Jimmy was about to formulate a reply when Ridiculous Sword
snapped her fingers.  "Oh, wait a minute, almost forgot."  She
reached into a pouch strapped to her side and pulled out two
baubles that Jimmy couldn't quite see.  "You don't have psionics,
do you?"
     "Well, no, why would --"  Jimmy stopped short.
     Ridiculous Sword rolled the pair of icosahedrons across the
cave floor.  Since each face was marked with a "0," the roll was
of course a double-zero, or one hundred.  "Well, you do now!" she
told him.
     Jimmy slapped his palm over his face.
     "Sure; your intelligence, wisdom, _and_ charisma just went
up, remember?"  Ridiculous Sword rolled again.  "Another 00.  172
psionic strength," she rolled yet again, "All attack . . ."
another roll ". . . and defense modes, and . . ." yet a fifth
roll of the crystalline, loaded percentile dice ". . . four minor
and two major psionic disciplines."
     Jimmy didn't bother to uncover his eyes.  He just shook his
head.
     "Okay, for now, your psionic devotions are invisibility,
cell adjustment, domination, and reduction, and your psionic
sciences are energy control and probability travel; but you'll
get more powers once we get you in touch with some spheres of
annihilation."
     "Why me?" Jimmy moaned.
                                #
     They eventually made it back onto the prime material plane 
-- thanks to a whole lot of complaining on Jimmy's part -- and
walked the rest of the way to his old house.  Ridiculous Sword
went in and turned the place inside out in three minutes flat.
     "I found seven silver pieces and three coppers in loose
change," she said, "But that's all your parents had lying
around."
     "Of course," Jimmy replied, "Rents are cheap around here."
     Ridiculous Sword put her fists to her hips.  "Rent hasn't
been invented yet."
     "Oh yeah, I forgot.  Well, we were just meager serf-type
village folk who earned a poor but honest living."
     "Oh, _give_ it _up_.  You didn't even have a single electrum
piece stashed under the mattress.  In fact, you didn't even have
a mattress."
     "Well . . . I like hay.  It feels comfortable.  (Except when
it makes me sneeze.)"
     "It also makes you smell like a farm animal."
     "Everybody around here smells like a farm animal.  Soap
hasn't been invented yet either, remember?"
     Ridiculous Sword relaxed her posture.  "Oh yeah.  Sorry. 
I'm only intelligence 19, you know."
     "So you've ransacked my house and come out saying that
everything me and my family have ever owned is useless to me now. 
So what?"
     "_So_ . . . now we have to get you a better place to stay. 
How would you like to come live at my late mother's keep for a
while?"
     "Really?!  Wow, that'd be neat!"
     'Whoo, can this boy's mood change fast,' Ridiculous Sword
figured.
                                #
     "This," Ridiculous Sword indicated the updrawn gang-plank in
front of the small castle, "Is the drawbridge."
     "Wow, just like on a real castle!" Jimmy said excitedly. 
You would think he had only read about these places and never
seen them or something.
     "Hey, D.S.," Ridiculous Sword shouted, "Lower the D.B.!"
     Disgusting Sword stuck her ethereal head through the
adamantite-reinforced drawbridge, said "Okay," drew her head back
in, solidified, and pulled the lever marked "down."  The
drawbridge cranked down across the moat to the sound of clanking
adamantite chains.
     "And this through here," Ridiculous Sword led Jimmy across
the drawbridge, "Is the foyer.  This is where my sister and I
have placed a rather strong protection from evil spell -- just in
case our brother or anybody he's in cahoots with decides to visit
us."
     "Yeah, I kinda figured that from the thaumaturgic circle
inscribed on the floor."
     "There, you wouldn't have known that was a thaumaturgic
circle with your old intelligence of twelve, now would you?"
     "As a matter of fact, I saw a thaumaturgic circle being
demonstrated two years ago, and I would have recognized it
anyway.  Nyaah."
     "And _this_," Ridiculous Sword quickly changed the subject,
"Is the room where my mother used to sleep.  It'll be your room
for the time being."
     "Um . . ."
     "Oh, don't worry, all her magic items've been moved out."
     "Um, I'm more worried about her ghost."
     Ridiculous Sword lowered her head involuntarily.  Her eyes
felt moist.  "If she had a ghost, we could bring her back."
     "Oh . . ." Jimmy's voice trailed off.  Somehow, he
understood.  "I'm sorry, I didn't know."
     "It's all right.  I wish Bahamut hadn't had to follow in her
path, though."
     Jimmy gulped hard.  "Bahamut's dead too?!"
     "As a doornail."
     "A platinum doornail!" a voice approached from the other
room.
     "Uh, Jimmy," Ridiculous Sword indicated the entering girl,
"This is my big sister, Disgusting Sword."
     "Hey," she put her hands on her hips and addressed
Ridiculous Sword, "Who's the cutie?"
     Ridiculous Sword rolled her eyes up into her head and
pointed at the other girl with her thumb.  "She's just entering
puberty."
     "Oh," Jimmy replied, "Well, I'm just entering puberty   
too. . . ."
     Disgusting Sword grinned girlishly.
     "I found him," Ridiculous Sword insisted, "So he's mine. 
Nyaah."
     "Oh yeah?" Disgusting Sword retorted.  "Well, _double_
nyaah!"
     "NYAAH!"
     "_NYAAH!_"
     "_PTTTTTTTTT!_" they both raspberried each other, lockhorned.
     "Girls, girls, let's not fight over me."  Jimmy grabbed
their opposing shoulders and tried to tear them apart.  They
wouldn't budge, no matter how hard he pulled.  "What gives," he
strained to say, "I thought I had an 18 strength!"
     "You do," Ridiculous Sword told him without flinching, "We
just happen to have 25 strength."
     "Oh . . ."
     "25 _star_ strength," Disgusting Sword corrected her.
     "Anyways, like I was saying," Ridiculous Sword said smugly
as she put her arms around Jimmy's neck, "I found him so he's
mine now."  She pulled up a little closer to him and playfully
kissed his cheek.
     "EW!" Jimmy wrenched himself away from her.  "I don't wanna
be kissed by no _girl!_"  He wiped her smooch off as harshly as he
could.
     Disgusting Sword shook her head as she left the room.  "What
a waste of an 18 charisma."
     Both Ridiculous Sword and Jimmy were silent for some time. 
Then, Ridiculous Sword said, "Hmmph.  Looks like we've all got
some growing up to do."
     Jimmy folded his arms.  "Phh, boy, I'll say!  You two didn't
know _when_ to quit!"
     "Your attitude toward my, er, affections wasn't exactly the
most mature on Central Earth either, bub."
     "Aw, that's just a sissy game."
     "Yeah, played by us sissy 60th-level weapons masters, sure. 
And what do _you_ want to be when you grow up?"
     "Oh, that's easy.  I wanna be a FIGHTER!"  He thrust the
Sick Sword through the air again.  "I wanna hack up all sorts of
vicious monsters and mount their heads on my wall!  On the wall
of my palace, that is -- the palace I got by killing the
villainous king that lived in it!  HA!  HACK!  THRUST!  DIE!
DIE!!  DIE!!!"
     "Well, I can help train you in that direction, if you'd
like."
     "YOU?!  But you're a GIRL!  And you're not even a fighter,
besides!"
     "Oh, sure, I'm not a fighter, he says.  I'm only a weapons
mistress and a paladin and a ranger!  _Those_ don't count!"
     "Oh yeah, that's right, those _are_ sub-classes, aren't they?"
     "Well, actually, the Other Book of Infinite Wisdom (a
genuine Dungeon Master{tm} publication) goes back and says that a
paladin's actually _not_ a fighter but really a sub-class of
cavalier, but it's close enough.  Tell you what, kiddo.  If you
_really_ want to get invincible, you ought to be multi-classed;
say, a fighter/magic-user, or a fighter/thief, or a fighter/
magic-user/thief, or a cleric/druid/fighter/ranger/weapons
master/cavalier/paladin/magic-user/thief/thief-acrobat/assassin
who'll change to become a bard, or --"
     "No!  I'm NOT gonna be a fifteen-classed character!  I want
to be a fighter -- _just_ a fighter!  You got that?"
     "Okay, okay, it was only a suggestion."
     "Hmmph.  I'm surprised it wasn't a suggestion _spell_."
     "Oh, believe me, it was.  You just got lucky and made your
saving throw."
     Jimmy narrowed his gaze and eyed her warily.  "You're sure
we're on the same side?"
                                #
     "No, no, don't aim for my sword," Ridiculous Sword
instructed, easily deflecting the latest hack of his Sick Sword,
"Aim for my body!  You're fighting me, not my weapon!"
     "But I don't wanna hurt --"
     "Don't worry about that, kiddo, there's no way you could
_really_ hit me.  Just try to, all right?"
     "Well, okay.  Hyyyyah!"  Jimmy swung his sword out and
around in a wide arc blade-on.  The blade was barely half way to
its target when Ridiculous Sword brought her Ridiculous
Broadsword to within an inch of his left eye.  Jimmy gasped and
dropped his blade.
     "That maneuver _may_ have worked against someone wearing
plate mail," Ridiculous Sword told him as she slowly moved her
sword away.  "Heavy armor'll slow down an opponent's reaction
time enough for you to finish blows like that.  But you left
yourself _wide_ open for anyone with half an ounce of speed to
thrust his rapier through your heart.  Or her broadsword through
your left eye.  Now let's try again."
     Jimmy studied the distant mountains for a few long seconds
and rubbed his stockinged toes in the grass.  Then, he cleared
his throat.  "Ahem.  _Sword of Sickness, come to my hand_!" he
commanded in Lawful Good.  The adamantite Eternian-looking sword
shot up from the ground and landed grip-first in his palm.
     "Now, defend yourself!"  Ridiculous Sword launched at him
with both her Ridiculous Longsword and her Ridiculous Hand Axe
before her.
     Jimmy was barely able to draw Sick Sword's old +6 dagger of
wounding and parry the adamantite longsword in time.  He was so
relieved at having fended off her sword that he didn't cover his
right side and received a nasty run in his shirt from her hand
axe.  That made him mad enough to forget about being nervous and
hack at her with the Sick Sword as hard as he could.  Ridiculous
Sword jerked to one side and easily avoided getting hit.
     Jimmy didn't get to stay angry for long.  Three seconds
later, a mere instant in this particular combat system,
Ridiculous Sword hacked at him again with her long sword, forcing
Jimmy to block the blow with all his might.  Adamantite clashed
against adamantite, then, and again, and again, until their
ordeal seemed to take on a rhythm of its own.  Every thrust or
slash Jimmy made, Ridiculous Sword easily curved away; every stab
Ridiculous Sword took, Jimmy somehow managed to parry or avoid. 
Sure, she was holding back, but she wasn't making this a picnic
for him.
     Finally, after four long minutes of fruitless exchange,
Jimmy backed up a few feet, loosed the Sick Sword to dance, and
drew Sick Sword's old +5 broadsword to attack with.  Ridiculous
Sword shrugged, sent her Ridiculous Longsword dancing into the
air to deal with the Sick Sword, and flashed the Ridiculous
Broadsword into her right hand in the blink of an eye.  She also
let her Ridiculous Hand Axe dance after Jimmy.
     "Hey, that's not fair!" Jimmy complained, desperately
fending off the adamantite axe.  "My dagger doesn't dance!"
     "True, but who's to say your next opponent won't have a +6
holy vorpal defender frost-brand flame-tongue sun luckblade hand
axe of wounding, dancing, life stealing, slaying everything,
disruption, throwing, thunderbolts, all dragon slaying, speed,
final word, and nine lives stealing with intelligence 17, speech
and telepathy, read languages and magic, ten non-alignment
languages, eight extraordinary powers, eight special purposes,
seven artifact minor benign powers, twelve major benign powers,
and limited omniscience in one hand and a nearly-identical sword
in the other?"
     The instant she said "other," Jimmy found his opening,
ducked under the hand axe, and came at her at full tilt.  She saw
his sword hack coming a mile away; it would be easy enough to
parr--
     Jimmy's +5 broadsword came within three inches of her right
side, jerked over, and thrust right below her left ribcage. 
Surprised, Ridiculous Sword reached down to the sheath on her
left boot, pulled out her Ridiculous Dagger, intercepted Jimmy's
thrust, and sent his sword reeling two hundred feet through the
air to land, point-first, on the center of a target painted on a
rock.
     "Amazing!" Ridiculous Sword told him, lowering her dagger. 
"I haven't seen a feint like that in weeks!  You're real fighter
material, Jimbo."
     "Really?  You mean I can be a real honest-to-gosh fighter
now?"
     "That's right, Jimmy.  You've passed the test."
     "Oh, wow!  Neat!  I . . . I . . ."
     Jimmy's voice choked off as he shook and fell to his knees. 
Something was wrong inside him, something was definitely wrong. 
He felt his stomach convulse and he doubled over.  Every muscle,
every fiber, every epidermal fragment of his body rumbled like it
was about to explode.  He pressed his palms into his throbbing
temples.  "Wha . . . what's happening?!?"
     Ridiculous Sword fished two baubles out of her pocket and
handed them to Jimmy.  "Here, quick, roll these!"
     "Okay," Jimmy strained, barely able to hold on to the
objects.  "If it'll stop this."  He tossed them.  They rolled
along the ground and tumbled to a stop.
     Jimmy gasped and yelled, "It got worse!  HEEEEEEELLP!"
     He looked down at his spasmodic arms.  What looked like
bubbles underneath the skin stretched it completely out of
proportion.  He could hear muscle and tendon fibers rapidly
snapping and reforming like cracking celery.  It wasn't a tenth
as uncomfortable as it was horrifying.  "WHAT'S HAPPENING TO
ME?!!"
     "You just became a fighter," Ridiculous Sword explained,
"With an 18 strength.  Fighters with 18 strengths get to roll for
exceptional strength.  I gave you those double-zero dice to roll
just to be sure you got as strong as an ogre."
     "You . . . what . . . ?!?"
     And just as suddenly as the transformation had begun, it
ceased.  Jimmy's skin came out toughened and weathered (although
it was still 18 charisma skin).  Muscles bulged from his body
where he didn't know half-elves could _have_ muscles.  The great
phantom character sheet in the sky told him that he had the full
14 hit points.  He felt like vomiting.
     Ridiculous Sword approached him and put her arm around his
shoulders.  She looked into his eyes, and said, "Welcome to level
one."
                                #
     Peter Perfect stopped scanning with his eyes of the eagle
from his warhorse's saddle.  Across about a mile of dry lakebed,
he'd seen what he was hoping for.
     "Well well well," he told his horse and his holy sword, "It
looks like Ringman's decided to face me on my own turf.  We'll
see how well he handles himself without a magic ballista!"
     He put his funny glasses away, held Prometheus in his right
hand and the warhorse's reins in his left, and with a tiny jolt
instructed the horse to trot toward the approaching Ringman.  He
surveyed the landscape one more time: absolutely flat, not a tree
or a bush or a rock or a dumb old human to mar the expanse of
barrenness.  This place had his name written all over it; nothing
was quite so impressive as his castle jutting up from the center
of all this nothingness.
     It also gave Ringman and any goody-two-shoes cohorts he
might happen to be carrying along with him nowhere to hide.  Like
that brownie Peter saw riding on his shoulder.  Yeah, he figured
as he rode closer, maybe he'd capture the brownie and torture it
just to see what Ringman would do.  Or maybe he'd torture Ringman
to see what the brownie would do.  Or perhaps he'd torture
Ringman _and_ the brownie to see what Ringman's horse would do.
     Ringman rode up toward him on his own horse, unusually
confident for being about to face his old nemesis.  Homer the
brownie rode on his left shoulder, meteorite-iron steel plate
barding rode almost weightlessly over the warhorse's body, and
Ringman's holy avenger rode in its scabbard rather than in his
hand.  He flinched as Peter Perfect shot him a sinister grin, but
quickly recuperated.  He also noticed that Peter Perfect had
probably been reading the Other Book of Infinite Wisdom; he'd
traded in the gauntlets and chausses of his +5 adamantite-alloyed
plate mail for +6 pure-adamantite-metal full plate armor.
     Their horses trotted toward each other until they were
practically nose to nose.
     "Well, Ringman, old buddy, old pal," Peter Perfect chided,
"What brings you to my realm of dread?"
     'How can the Dungeon Master let this guy stay a paladin?!'
Ringman thought.  "I've come here to settle a grudge that's more
than a decade old," he told him.
     "Oh?" Peter Perfect asked sarcastically.  "And what grudge
might that be, hmm?"
     Ringman shook his head and grinned a bit.  "You and me, you
disgrace to paladinhood, you and I.  So long as you stay the way
you are right now, I'm ashamed to share your character class."
     "Oh, I see.  So you've finally come to die."  Peter cracked
his knuckles.
     "No," Ringman replied quite calmly, "I've come to bring you
down."
     The beardless paladin chuckled through his nose.  "You must
be joking.  You?  Alone?!"
     "Ah, but I'm _not_ alone," Ringman observed.  "I've brought a
friend."
     "Pphhh, what, the late Sick Sword's little brownie?"
     "Homer, sure, I brought him."
     A flurry of scintillating dust grains wafted away from a
spot two feet to the left of Ringman's horse.  As the wind
carried the dust away from what it had been obscuring -- or
rather concealing --  there resolved the form of a ten-and-a-half
year old girl with an adamantite dagger in her left hand and an
adamantite broadsword in her right.
     "I also brought along my first born," Ringman explained.
     "<gulp>," gulped Peter Perfect.  "D-D-D-Disgusting Sword! 
You?  Here?  How!?  What?"
     Like a lightning bolt that had drunken a permanent potion of
speed at 150% effectiveness, Disgusting Sword bolted up onto
Peter's saddle and stuck a +6 holy vorpal dagger of wounding,
dancing, life stealing, and nine lives stealing in front of his
face.  "Hello, Peter Perfect," she grinned, "I've wanted to meet
you for _so_ long."
     Peter Perfect shook with fear, even though paladins were
immune to fear by then, then dismounted his horse as fast as he
could without speaking a word.  Disgusting Sword got down too and
zipped around in front of him again.
     "Hey," Peter said, "W-w-wait a minute.  I'm a Disgusting
Character too.  I've got rights, y'know.  And besides, I'm armor
class -23; you couldn't hit me by rolling anything less than a
natural twenty."
     "You can't fool me that easily, you weak boson.  I read
Dragon and Dragrace, too.  The Dungeon Master relinquished that
natural-20-only-no-matter-how-many-to-hit-bonuses-you-have
restriction long ago."
     "Ah, b-b-but then I can hit _you_, too."  Peter held
Prometheus defensively in front of him.  It shook in his hand
like a divining rod.
     "Of course you can hit me too; I'm only A.C. negative
twenty-seven.  But I have nearly four times as many hit points as
you do, and I'm part weapons mistress.  I could tear you apart in
two seg-- er, twelve seconds."
     'Hey, baby,' a telepathic message wafted into Disgusting
Sword's head from Prometheus, 'How'd you like to use a real macho
holy longsword?'
     'BACK OFF, BUDDY,' the Disgusting Dagger replied
telepathically to the sword, 'SHE'S WITH ME.'  Prometheus was the
first intelligent sword on Central Earth in centuries to visibly
cringe.
     "Um . . ." Peter Perfect began, "Um . . . uh . . ."
     "Surrender or die," Disgusting Sword offered.
     "Surrender!" Peter Perfect yelped.  Prometheus fell to the
ground as his hands shot into the air.  'Whew,' he thought, 'Glad
she made it easy on me to decide.'
     Disgusting Sword shrugged and said, "Good."  She snapped her
fingers; Peter's warhorse obeyed blindly and sank to its knees. 
There was nothing quite like a permanent potion of animal control
at 150% effectiveness.  Peter Perfect had one of those, too, but
he thought better of using it at this point.
     "Now, the first thing we take off of your body --" shhhhink,
she exposed Peter's woolen undies, "-- is this Invulnerable Coat
of Arnd.  Here, dad, keep this warm for me, will ya?"  She tossed
it to Ringman.
     "Do I have a choice?" he replied, fumbling the chain shirt
with his mere 17 dexterity.
     'Hmmph,' Peter thought, 'It's a good thing I dragged the
torso and groin plates from that +6 full plate along for just
such an occasion.'
     "Next --" she took off his belt "-- goes your girdle of
titan strength.  Here, Ringman, why don'tcha put this on?"
     Ringman caught it while still holding on to Arnd's
invulnerable coat.  "I thought we went through why I won't put
this on before."
     'Hah, those fools,' Peter thought, 'Little do they realize
that I have a permanent potion of titan strength in effect on
me!'
     "And don't try to get away by using that permanent potion of
titan strength you have in effect on you," Disgusting Sword
warned him.  "I have Atlas strength."
     "Um, what's --" Ringman began.
     "Atlas has 25-star strength," the brownie whispered in his
ear.
     "And finally, we take away each and every item on your
person that increases your saving throw versus magic. . . ." 
Disgusting Sword took away his +4 cloak of protection, his +3-in-
a-5-foot-radius ring of protection (although why Peter Perfect
would want to protect anyone but himself was beyond her), his
stone of good luck, his luck blade longsword, his scarab of
protection, and his Axe of the Dwarvish Lords, then dispelled the
protection from good spell he'd had permanently placed upon him. 
She bared her archmagi robe.  ". . . and cast a charm person
spell on you."
     She waved her hands through the air, stuck her two index
fingers up her nose, and cried, "Oolam caloophid baeower gazots /
Diddlysquat barnstorm hotten and tots, / If I don't charm you I
think I'll just cry / So be under my power or you'll have to
die!"
     There was a tremendous crash of thunder as waves of magical
force cascaded down from the positive material plane, through
Disgusting Sword, and into Peter Perfect's head.  Ghostly voices
rose up from all around to help control Peter's mind.  Her robe
of the archmagi shone an awesome white.  It was overwhelming.
     And then, nothing happened.
     "Oh well," she said, "Looks like he made his saving throw. 
He had a 5 or better chance of making it anyway."
     "So now what do you do?" Ringman asked.
     "Easy.  I'll just cast it a few more times until he blows
it."  She did.  Two tries later, he was as harmless as a 20th-
level paladin kitten.  Heck, she didn't even have to use her
permanent potion of elf, half-elf, and human control.
     "Yes-master," Peter addressed Disgusting Sword in a
monotone, his arms jutting out in front of him, "What-may-I-do-
for-you?"
     "Get on your horse," she directed him, "And ride off to Sick
Sword's old keep.  You do know where that is, don't you?"
     "Of-course-I-do.  I-have-been-there-before."
     "Oh?  And when was that?"
     "When-I-seduced-Sick-Sword-and-injected-Tiamat's-evil-seed-
into-her-womb."
     "When you . . . you . . . what?!"  She was completely
surprised.  (She could even be attacked using six second
intervals as minutes right then.)
     "I -- I thought you knew," Ringman said.
     "Sure," Peter continued, zombie-like.  "That-was-when-she-
was-pregnant-with-Gross-Sword."
     Disgusting Sword just sat there with her mouth open.  It
took her twelve seconds to finally say, "We've got to get this
back to Ridiculous Sword."
     "Right," Ringman answered, and gave his horse a little snap
on the reins.  He started trotting off with Peter Perfect and his
warhorse following close behind.
