but one step from the grotesque to the horrible."
                       THE WISE LlTTLE GIRL    
   Once upon a time . . . in the immense Russian steppe, lay a little village
where nearly all the inhabitants bred horses. It was the month of October,
when a big livestock market was held yearly in the main town. Two brothers,
one rich and the other one poor, set off for market. The rich man rode a 
stallion, and the poor brother a young mare.
   At dusk, they stopped beside an empty hut and tethered their horses 
outside, before going to sleep themselves on two heaps of straw. Great was 
their surprise, when, next morning they saw three horses outside, instead of 
two. Well, to be exact the newcomer was not really a horse. It was a foal, to 
which the mare had given birth during the night. Soon it had the strength to 
struggle to its feet, and after a drink of its mother's milk, the foal 
staggered its first few steps. The stallion greeted it with a cheerful whinny,
and when the two brothers set eyes on it for the first time, the foal was 
standing beside the stallion.
   "It belongs to me!" exclaimed Dimitri, the rich brother, the minute he saw
it. "It's my stallion's foal." Ivan, the poor brother, began to laugh.
   "Whoever heard of a stallion having a foal? It was born to my mare!"
   "No, that's not true! It was standing close to the stallion, so it's the
stallion's foal. And therefore it's mine!" The brothers started to quarrel,
then they decided to go to town and bring the matter before the judges. Still
arguing, they headed for the big square where the courtroom stood. But what
they didn't know was that it was a special day, the day when, once a year, the
Emperor himself administered the law. He himself received all who came seeking
justice. The brothers were ushered into his presence, and they told him all
about the dispute.
   Of course, the Emperor knew perfectly well who was the owner of the foal. 
He was on the point of proclaiming in favour of the poor brother, when
suddenly Ivan developed an unfortunate twitch in his eye. The Emperor was
greatly annoyed by this familiarity by a humble peasant, and decided to punish
Ivan for his disrespect. After listening to both sides of the story, he
declared it was difficult, indeed impossible, to say exactly who was the
foal's rightful owner. And being in the mood for a spot of fun, and since he
loved posing riddles and solving them as well, to the amusement of his 
counsellors, he exclaimed:
   "I can't judge which of you should have the foal, so it will be awarded to
whichever of you solves the following four riddles: what is the fastest thing
in the world? What is the fattest? What's the softest and what is the most
precious? I command you to return to the palace in a week's time with your
answers!" Dimitri started to puzzle over the answers as soon as he left the
courtroom. When he reached home, however, he realised he had nobody to help
him.
   "Well, I'll just have to seek help, for if I can't solve these riddles, 
I'll lose the foal!" Then he remembered a woman, one of his neighbours, to 
whom he had once lent a silver ducat. That had been some time ago, and with
the interest, the neighbour now owed him three ducats. And since she had a
reputation for being quick-witted, but also very astute, he decided to ask her
advice, in exchange for cancelling part of her debt. But the woman was not
slow to show how astute she really was, and promptly demanded that the whole
debt be wiped out in exchange for the answers.
   "The fastest thing in the world is my husband's bay horse," she said.
"Nothing can beat it! The fattest is our pig! Such a huge beast has never 
been seen! The softest is the quilt I made for the bed, using my own goose's
feathers. It's the envy of all my friends. The most precious thing in the
world is my three-month old nephew. There isn't a more handsome child. I
wouldn't exchange him for all the gold on earth, and that makes him the most
precious thing on earth!"
   Dimitri was rather doubtful about the woman's answers being correct. On the
other hand, he had to take some kind of solution back to the Emperor. And he
guessed, quite rightly, that if he didn't, he would be punished.
   In the meantime, Ivan, who was a widower, had gone back to the humble 
cottage where he lived with his small daughter. Only seven years old, the
little girl was often left alone, and as a result, was thoughtful and very
clever for her age. The poor man took the little girl into his confidence, for
like his brother, he knew he would never be able to find the answers by
himself. The child sat in silence for a moment, then firmly said:
   "Tell the Emperor that the fastest thing in the world is the cold north
wind in winter. The fattest is the soil in our fields whose crops give life to
men and animals alike, the softest thing is a child's caress and the most 
precious is honesty."
   The day came when the two brothers were to return before the Emperor. They
were led into his presence. The Emperor was curious to hear what they had to
say, but he roared with laughter at Dimitri's foolish answers. However, when
it was Ivan's turn to speak, a frown spread over the Emperor's face. The poor
brother's wise replies made him squirm, especially the last one, about 
honesty, the most precious thing of all. The Emperor knew perfectly well that
he had been dishonest in his dealings with the poor brother, for he had denied
him justice. But he could not bear to admit it in front of his own 
counsellors, so he angrily demanded:
   "Who gave you these answers?" Ivan told the Emperor that it was his small 
daughter. Still annoyed, the great man said:                      -~
   "You shall be rewarded for having such a wise and clever daughter. You
shall be awarded the foal that your brother claimed, together with a hundred
silver ducats . . . But . . . but . . ." and the Emperor winked at his
counsellors:
   "You will come before me in seven days' time, bringing your daughter. And 
since she's so clever, she must appear before me neither naked nor dressed, 
neither on foot nor on horseback, neither bearing gifts nor empty-handed. And
if she does this, you will have your reward. If not, you'll have your head
chopped off for your impudence!"
   The onlookers began to laugh, knowing that the poor man would never to able
to fulfill the Emperor's conditions. Ivan went home in despair, his eyes
brimming with tears. But when he had told his daughter what had happened, she
calmly said:
   "Tomorrow, go and catch a hare and a partridge. Both must be alive! You'll
have the foal and the hundred silver ducats! Leave it to me!" Ivan _did as his
daughter said. He had no idea what the two creatures were for, but he trusted 
in his daughter's wisdom.
   On the day of the audience with the Emperor, the palace was thronged with
bystanders, waiting for Ivan and his small daughter to arrive. At last, the
little girl appeared, draped in a fishing net, riding the hare and holdig the
partridge in her hand. She was neither naked nor dressed, on foot or on
horseback. Scowling, the Emperor told her:
   "I said neither bearing gifts nor empty-handed!" At these words, the little
girl held out the partridge. The Emperor stretched out his hand to grasp it,
but the bird fluttered into the air. The third condition had been fulfilled.
In spite of himself, the Emperor could not help admirlng the llttle girl who
had so cleverly passed such a test, and in a gentler volce, he sald: 
   "Is your father terribly poor, and does he desperately need the foal. 
   "Oh, yes!" replied the little girl. "We live on the hares he catches in the
rivers and the fish he picks from the trees!"
   "Aha!" cried the Emperor triumphantly. "So you're not as clever as you seem
to be! Whoever heard of hares in the river and fish in the trees! To which the
little girl swiftly replied:
   "And whoever heard of a stallion having a foal?" At that, both Emperor and
Court burst into peals of laughter. Ivan was immediately glven his hundred
silver ducats and the foal, and the Emperor proclalmed: 
   "Only in my kingdom could such a wise little girl be born!"
                    THE WOLF AND THE SEVEN KIDS
   Once upon a time . . . a Mother Goat lived in a pretty little house with
her seven kids. Mother often had to leave home to do the shopping, and on that
fateful day, she had given her children the usual warnings, before setting off
to market.
   "You mustn't open the door to anyone. Don't forget, there's a wicked wolf
lurking about here. It's black, with horrible paws and a nasty deep voice. If
it knocks, keep the door tightly shut!" Mother Goat's words were wise indeed,
for as she was telling one of her neighbours about her fears, the wolf
disguised as a peasant was hiding close by, listening to every word.
   "Good! Very good!" said the wolf to himself."If the goat goes market, I'II
drop by her house and gobble the kids!' Then,trying not to look too 
conspicuous, the wolf hurried along to the goat's house. There, he threw off
his disguise. He then growled in a deep voice: "Open the door! Open the door!
It's Mother! I've just come back from market! Open the door!" When the kids
heard the deep voice, they remembered their mother's warning. From behind the
barred door, they said to the wolf: "We know who you are! You're the wolf! Our
mother has a sweet gentle voice, not a deep nasty one like yours! Go away! 
We'll never open the door to you!"
   And though the wolf banged furiously on the door, the kids, though
trembling with terror, refused to let him into the house, and so the door
remained shut. Then the wolf had a brainwave. He dashed off to the baker's and
got a big cake dripping with honey. He hoped this would sweeten his voice. And
in fact, after eating it, his voice didn't sound quite so deep. Over and over
again, he practised imitating Mother Goat's voice. You see, he'd heard it in
the woods. When he felt certain he could easily be mistaken for Mother Goat
herself, he rushed back to the house and the seven kids.
   "Open the door! Open the door! It's Mother! I've just come back from
market! Open the door!" he called. This time, the kids had doubts: the voice
did rather sound like mother's, and they were about to unlock the door, when 
the black kid suspiciously cried: "Mother, let us see your foot!" Without
thinking, the wolf raised a black hairy paw. And the kids knew that the wolf
had come back.
   "You're not our mother! She doesn't have horrid black paws!" cried the
kids. "Go away, you wicked wolf!"
   And once more, in spite of all his hard work, the wolf found the door
locked against him. The wolf ran down to the mlll, and found a sack of flour. 
He thrust his paws into it until they were pure white.
   "I'll trick them this time," he said. "Mmm! My mouth's watering already!
I'm hungry! My tummy's empty and my trousers are falling off! I'll swallow
these tender kids whole!" Again he knocked on the door. 
   "Open the door! Open the door! It's Mother! I've just come back from
market! Open the door!" The voice seemed exactly like mother's, but the wary
kids quickly called out: "Mother, let us see your foot!" The wily wolf lifted
a snow white paw, and the kids, now reassured, threw open the door. What a
shock they received! An enormous set of jaws with sharp fangs growled 
fiercely. Cruel claws reached out for their prey. The kids scattered in
terror. One dived under the table, while other crawled below the bed. Another 
kid hid in the cupboard and one tried to hide in the oven, though the stove
was still hot. One kid crouched inside a barrel and one hid in the grandfather
clock. There he huddled, holding his breath, as the wolf hunted down his 
brothers. One by one, the kids were pulled from their hiding places. All 
except for the kid in the clock. The wicked wolf's appetite did not pass until
he had found them and swallowed each in a single gulp.
   The only one to escape was the little black kid, for the wolf never 
imagined that there was room for a kid inside the very narrow grandfather 
clock. In the meantime, Mother Goat had really come back from market.  When, 
from a distance, she noticed that the door was ajar, she rushed home, her 
heart in her mouth. She had a sinking feeling: what she feared had really 
happened. The wicked wolf had gobbled up all her children. She dropped into a 
chair, sobbing bitterly, but as she cried, the door of the grandfather clock 
swung open and out ran the black kid.
   "Mummy! Mummy!" wept the kid. "It was terrible! The wolf came, and I think 
he's eaten all my brothers!"
   "My poor child!" sobbed Mother Goat. "You're the only one left! That evil 
brute has gobbled them all!"
   Not long after, Mother Goat and her son left the house to take a stroll in 
the garden. Suddenly, she heard a low wheezing sound: someone was snoring 
heavily. It was the greedy wolf. His feast of kids had been too much for him 
and he was fast asleep, dead to the world. In a flash, Mother Goat had a 
brainwave. She said to her son: "Run and fetch me a needle and thread and a 
pair of scissors!" With these, she swiftly slit open the wolf's stomach. As 
she had hoped, the ravenous brute had swallowed every kid whole. There they 
were all stlll alive alive inside his tummy. One by one, out they popped from
the wolf's tummy.
   "Hurry! Hurry! Not a sound! We must get away before he wakens up! Wait!
Fetch me a heap of stones!" And so they filled the wolf's stomach with stones
and stitched it up again. The wolf woke later with a raging thirst.
   "What a heavy tummy I have!" he said. "I've eaten too much! All these 
kids!" But when he went down the river to drink, his tummy full of stones 
tipped him over and he fell into the water. The weight took him straight to 
the bottom, and the goat and her kids shrieked with joy as he sank. The 
wicked wolf was dead and the kids trotted home happily with Mother.
                    THE WOLF AND THE CRANE
   Once upon a time . . . a wolf well known for his ferocity received his 
punishment for being greedy. As he was devouring a lamb, a tiny sharp bone 
stuck in his throat. And from that day on, he could swallow nothing except 
sips of water, which neither soothed the pain nor appeased his hunger. Though 
he tried every remedy he knew, he was unable to dislodge the bone. In despair,
he started to ask everyone he knew for help. But, scared of his awful 
reputation, folk made excuses to avoid the wolf and would have nothing to do 
with him. One day, from behind his barred door, the fox said: "I'm not well, 
so I can't open the door, but I think you ought to have a word with the crane 
down at the end of the big pond. Folk say she's the best doctor around here.
   Without much hope and feeling sorry for himself, the wolf went to see the 
crane. And when he got to her house, he tried his best to be pleasant.
   "Mrs Crane, I'm told you're enormously clever. If you can help me, I'll 
give you a rich reward!"
   At first, the crane, well aware of the wolf's reputation, was alarmed, 
though also proud at the idea of treating such a famous patient. And, 
attracted too by the promise of a reward, she said she'd see what she could 
   The wolf opened wide his huge mouth. The crane shuddered at the thought of
peering inside the red jaws with their sharp fangs, but plucking up her 
courage, she said: "Now, please keep your mouth wide open, or I won't be able 
to remove the bone!" And she poked her long beak down the wolf's throat and 
pulled out the little bone.
   "There! You can close your mouth again. You'll be able to swallow whatever 
you like now!" The wolf could hardly believe it. His throat was clear at last!
Highly delighted, the crane said: "See how clever I am? You didn't feel a 
thing! I whipped out that nasty bone with my long beak! And as for my 
reward..." The wolf interrupted with a scowl.
   "Reward? What reward? You ought to be grateful that I didn't bite your head
off while it was down my throat! You should give me a reward for sparing your 
life!"
   Seeing the wolf's bloodshot eyes, the crane realized she was now in danger.
What more could she expect from such a wicked wolf? And she vowed that, from 
then on, she'd only treat patients too harmless ever to threaten her.
                  THE WOLF AND THE LAMB
   Once upon a time . . . in the forest lived a wolf, known to be savage and 
ruthless. One day, feeling thirsty, the wolf went down to a stream, and as he 
drank the sparkling water, he saw a lamb drinking, further downstream. The 
minute he set eyes on the hapless lamb, he decided to make a meal of it. "A 
nice plump lamb! Fine and tender! Yummy! That will be deliclous! I haven't had
such luck in ages! Now, I must find an excuse for picking a quarrel, so that 
nobody can accuse me of gobbling it unjustly!"
   Unaware of the wolf, the lamb was still happily sipping the water when it 
heard a deep growl from above its head.
   "You down there! You're muddying my drinking water!"
   The lamb gasped in surprise: "I'm sorry, Mr. Wolf, but I can t possibly be 
muddying your drinking water. I'm below you and the water is flowing downhill,
not up!"
   The wicked wolf was taken aback by this reply, but only for an instant. He 
quickly hit upon another excuse to be angry. "I hear you went around six 
months ago telling people that I'm violent and a bully!"
   At that, the now frightened lamb began to tremble, and it replied in a tiny
voice: "How can you believe such a thing, Mr. Wolf? I've never said a bad word
about you! Indeed, I'll be able only to speak well of you in the future." To 
its relief, the lamb remembered that it could prove its innocence. "I wasn't 
even born six months ago! So I couldn't have spread gosslp about you."
   But the wolf was only interested in gobbling up his prey, so he hastily 
broke in: "Well, if it wasn't you, it was your father," and, pouncing on the 
little white lamb, he quickly ate it.
   Alas and alack! Innocence does not always save us from the clutches of a
tyrant.
THE SPELL OF THE YUKON AND OTHER VERSES
by ROBERT W SERVICE
Entered/proofed by Alan Light, alight@rock.concert.net
7407-B Waxhaw Creek Road, Waxhaw, NC  28173
Proofed by THE GAR, glwarner@samford.bitnet
This text is in the PUBLIC DOMAIN.
The Spell of the Yukon and Other Verses
[This text was also published (in Britain) under the title,
"Songs of a Sourdough".]
by Robert W. Service
[British-born Canadian Poet -- 1874-1958.]
Publishers
Barse & Co.
New York, N. Y.
Newark, N.J.
Copyright, 1916 by Barse & Co.
[expired in the U.S.A.]
Printed in the United States of America
[Note on text:  Italics are marked by asterisks.
Lines longer than 70 characters have been broken according to metre,
and the continuation is indented 10 spaces.]
To C. M
The Land God Forgot
*The lonely sunsets flare forlorn
  Down valleys dreadly desolate;
The lordly mountains soar in scorn
  As still as death, as stern as fate.
     The lonely sunsets flame and die;
       The giant valleys gulp the night;
     The monster mountains scrape the sky,
       Where eager stars are diamond-bright.
So gaunt against the gibbous moon,
  Piercing the silence velvet-piled,
A lone wolf howls his ancient rune --
  The fell arch-spirit of the Wild.
     O outcast land!  O leper land!
       Let the lone wolf-cry all express
     The hate insensate of thy hand,
       Thy heart's abysmal loneliness.*
CONTENTS
The Land God Forgot
  The lonely sunsets flare forlorn,
The Spell of the Yukon
  I wanted the gold, and I sought it,
The Heart of the Sourdough
  There where the mighty mountains bare their fangs unto the moon,
The Three Voices
  The waves have a story to tell me,
The Law of the Yukon
  This is the law of the Yukon, and ever she makes it plain,
The Parson's Son
  This is the song of the parson's son, as he squats in his shack
            alone,
The Call of the Wild
  Have you gazed on naked grandeur where there's nothing else to gaze
            on,
The Lone Trail
  Ye who know the Lone Trail fain would follow it,
The Pines
  We sleep in the sleep of ages, the bleak, barbarian pines,
The Lure of Little Voices
  There's a cry from out the loneliness -- oh, listen, Honey, listen!
The Song of the Wage-Slave
  When the long, long day is over, and the Big Boss gives me my pay,
Grin
  If you're up against a bruiser and you're getting knocked about,
The Shooting of Dan McGrew
  A bunch of the boys were whooping it up in the Malamute saloon,
The Cremation of Sam McGee
  There are strange things done in the midnight sun,
My Madonna
  I haled me a woman from the street,
Unforgotten
  I know a garden where the lilies gleam,
The Reckoning
   It's fine to have a blow-out in a fancy restaurant,
Quatrains
  One said:  Thy life is thine to make or mar,
The Men That Don't Fit In
  There's a race of men that don't fit in,
Music in the Bush
  O'er the dark pines she sees the silver moon,
The Rhyme of the Remittance Man
  There's a four-pronged buck a-swinging in the shadow of my cabin,
The Low-Down White
  This is the pay-day up at the mines, when the bearded brutes come
            down,
The Little Old Log Cabin
  When a man gets on his uppers in a hard-pan sort of town,
The Younger Son
  If you leave the gloom of London and you seek a glowing land,
The March of the Dead
  The cruel war was over -- oh, the triumph was so sweet,
"Fighting Mac"
  A pistol shot rings round and round the world,
The Woman and the Angel
  An angel was tired of heaven, as he lounged in the golden street,
The Rhyme of the Restless Ones
  We couldn't sit and study for the law,
New Year's Eve
  It's cruel cold on the water-front, silent and dark and drear,
Comfort
  Say!  You've struck a heap of trouble,
The Harpy
  There was a woman, and she was wise; woefully wise was she,
Premonition
  'Twas a year ago, and the moon was bright,
The Tramps
  Can you recall, dear comrade, when we tramped God's land together,
L'Envoi
  You who have lived in the land,
The Spell of the Yukon
I wanted the gold, and I sought it,
  I scrabbled and mucked like a slave.
Was it famine or scurvy -- I fought it;
  I hurled my youth into a grave.
I wanted the gold, and I got it --
  Came out with a fortune last fall, --
Yet somehow life's not what I thought it,
  And somehow the gold isn't all.
No!  There's the land.  (Have you seen it?)
  It's the cussedest land that I know,
From the big, dizzy mountains that screen it
  To the deep, deathlike valleys below.
Some say God was tired when He made it;
  Some say it's a fine land to shun;
Maybe; but there's some as would trade it
  For no land on earth -- and I'm one.
You come to get rich (damned good reason);
  You feel like an exile at first;
You hate it like hell for a season,
  And then you are worse than the worst.
It grips you like some kinds of sinning;
  It twists you from foe to a friend;
It seems it's been since the beginning;
  It seems it will be to the end.
I've stood in some mighty-mouthed hollow
  That's plumb-full of hush to the brim;
I've watched the big, husky sun wallow
  In crimson and gold, and grow dim,
Till the moon set the pearly peaks gleaming,
  And the stars tumbled out, neck and crop;
And I've thought that I surely was dreaming,
  With the peace o' the world piled on top.
The summer -- no sweeter was ever;
  The sunshiny woods all athrill;
The grayling aleap in the river,
  The bighorn asleep on the hill.
The strong life that never knows harness;
  The wilds where the caribou call;
The freshness, the freedom, the farness --
  O God! how I'm stuck on it all.
The winter! the brightness that blinds you,
  The white land locked tight as a drum,
The cold fear that follows and finds you,
  The silence that bludgeons you dumb.
The snows that are older than history,
  The woods where the weird shadows slant;
The stillness, the  moonlight, the mystery,
  I've bade 'em good-by -- but I can't.
There's a land where the mountains are nameless,
  And the rivers all run God knows where;
There are lives that are erring and aimless,
  And deaths that just hang by a hair;
There are hardships that nobody reckons;
  There are valleys unpeopled and still;
There's a land -- oh, it beckons and beckons,
  And I want to go back -- and I will.
They're making my money diminish;
  I'm sick of the taste of champagne.
Thank God! when I'm skinned to a finish
  I'll pike to the Yukon again.
I'll fight -- and you bet it's no sham-fight;
  It's hell! -- but I've been there before;
And it's better than this by a damsite --
  So me for the Yukon once more.
There's gold, and it's haunting and haunting;
  It's luring me on as of old;
Yet it isn't the gold that I'm wanting
  So much as just finding the gold.
It's the great, big, broad land 'way up yonder,
  It's the forests where silence has lease;
It's the beauty that thrills me with wonder,
  It's the stillness that fills me with peace.
The Heart of the Sourdough
There where the mighty mountains bare their fangs unto the moon,
There where the sullen sun-dogs glare in the snow-bright, bitter noon,
And the glacier-glutted streams sweep down
          at the clarion call of June.
There where the livid tundras keep
          their tryst with the tranquil snows;
There where the silences are spawned, and the light of hell-fire flows
Into the bowl of the midnight sky, violet, amber and rose.
There where the rapids churn and roar,
          and the ice-floes bellowing run;
Where the tortured, twisted rivers of blood rush to the setting sun --
I've packed my kit and I'm going, boys, ere another day is done.
     *    *    *    *    *
I knew it would call, or soon or late, as it calls the whirring wings;
It's the olden lure, it's the golden lure,
          it's the lure of the timeless things,
And to-night, oh, God of the trails untrod,
          how it whines in my heart-strings!
I'm sick to death of your well-groomed gods,
          your make believe and your show;
I long for a whiff of bacon and beans, a snug shakedown in the snow;
A trail to break, and a life at stake, and another bout with the foe.
With the raw-ribbed Wild that abhors all life,
          the Wild that would crush and rend,
I have clinched and closed with the naked North,
          I have learned to defy and defend;
Shoulder to shoulder we have fought it out --
          yet the Wild must win in the end.
I have flouted the Wild.  I have followed its lure,
          fearless, familiar, alone;
By all that the battle means and makes I claim that land for mine own;
Yet the Wild must win, and a day will come when I shall be overthrown.
Then when as wolf-dogs fight we've fought, the lean wolf-land and I;
Fought and bled till the snows are red under the reeling sky;
Even as lean wolf-dog goes down will I go down and die.
The Three Voices
The waves have a story to tell me,
  As I lie on the lonely beach;
Chanting aloft in the pine-tops,
  The wind has a lesson to teach;
But the stars sing an anthem of glory
  I cannot put into speech.
The waves tell of ocean spaces,
  Of hearts that are wild and brave,
Of populous city places,
  Of desolate shores they lave,
Of men who sally in quest of gold
  To sink in an ocean grave.
The wind is a mighty roamer;
  He bids me keep me free,
Clean from the taint of the gold-lust,
  Hardy and pure as he;
Cling with my love to nature,
  As a child to the mother-knee.
But the stars throng out in their glory,
  And they sing of the God in man;
They sing of the Mighty Master,
  Of the loom his fingers span,
Where a star or a soul is a part of the whole,
  And weft in the wondrous plan.
Here by the camp-fire's flicker,
  Deep in my blanket curled,
I long for the peace of the pine-gloom,
  When the scroll of the Lord is unfurled,
And the wind and the wave are silent,
  And world is singing to world.
The Law of the Yukon
This is the law of the Yukon, and ever she makes it plain:
"Send not your foolish and feeble;
          send me your strong and your sane --
Strong for the red rage of battle; sane for I harry them sore;
Send me men girt for the combat, men who are grit to the core;
Swift as the panther in triumph, fierce as the bear in defeat,
Sired of a bulldog parent, steeled in the furnace heat.
Send me the best of your breeding, lend me your chosen ones;
Them will I take to my bosom, them will I call my sons;
Them will I gild with my treasure, them will I glut with my meat;
But the others -- the misfits, the failures --
          I trample under my feet.
Dissolute, damned and despairful, crippled and palsied and slain,
Ye would send me the spawn of your gutters --
          Go! take back your spawn again.
"Wild and wide are my borders, stern as death is my sway;
From my ruthless throne I have ruled alone
          for a million years and a day;
Hugging my mighty treasure, waiting for man to come,
Till he swept like a turbid torrent, and after him swept -- the scum.
The pallid pimp of the dead-line, the enervate of the pen,
One by one I weeded them out, for all that I sought was -- Men.
One by one I dismayed them, frighting them sore with my glooms;
One by one I betrayed them unto my manifold dooms.
Drowned them like rats in my rivers,
          starved them like curs on my plains,
Rotted the flesh that was left them,
          poisoned the blood in their veins;
Burst with my winter upon them, searing forever their sight,
Lashed them with fungus-white faces, whimpering wild in the night;
Staggering blind through the storm-whirl,
          stumbling mad through the snow,
Frozen stiff in the ice-pack, brittle and bent like a bow;
Featureless, formless, forsaken, scented by wolves in their flight,
Left for the wind to make music
          through ribs that are glittering white;
Gnawing the black crust of failure, searching the pit of despair,
Crooking the toe in the trigger, trying to patter a prayer;
Going outside with an escort, raving with lips all afoam,
Writing a cheque for a million, driveling feebly of home;
Lost like a louse in the burning. . .or else in the tented town
Seeking a drunkard's solace, sinking and sinking down;
Steeped in the slime at the bottom, dead to a decent world,
Lost 'mid the human flotsam, far on the frontier hurled;
In the camp at the bend of the river, with its dozen saloons aglare,
Its gambling dens ariot, its gramophones all ablare;
Crimped with the crimes of a city, sin-ridden and bridled with lies,
In the hush of my mountained vastness,
          in the flush of my midnight skies.
Plague-spots, yet tools of my purpose,
          so natheless I suffer them thrive,
Crushing my Weak in their clutches, that only my Strong may survive.
"But the others, the men of my mettle,
          the men who would 'stablish my fame
Unto its ultimate issue, winning me honor, not shame;
Searching my uttermost valleys, fighting each step as they go,
Shooting the wrath of my rapids, scaling my ramparts of snow;
Ripping the guts of my mountains, looting the beds of my creeks,
Them will I take to my bosom, and speak as a mother speaks.
I am the land that listens, I am the land that broods;
Steeped in eternal beauty, crystalline waters and woods.
Long have I waited lonely, shunned as a thing accurst,
Monstrous, moody, pathetic, the last of the lands and the first;
Visioning camp-fires at twilight, sad with a longing forlorn,
Feeling my womb o'er-pregnant with the seed of cities unborn.
Wild and wide are my borders, stern as death is my sway,
And I wait for the men who will win me --
  and I will not be won in a day;
And I will not be won by weaklings, subtle, suave and mild,
But by men with the hearts of vikings,
  and the simple faith of a child;
Desperate, strong and resistless, unthrottled by fear or defeat,
Them will I gild with my treasure, them will I glut with my meat.
"Lofty I stand from each sister land, patient and wearily wise,
With the weight of a world of sadness in my quiet, passionless eyes;
Dreaming alone of a people, dreaming alone of a day,
When men shall not rape my riches, and curse me and go away;
Making a bawd of my bounty, fouling the hand that gave --
Till I rise in my wrath and I sweep on their path
          and I stamp them into a grave.
Dreaming of men who will bless me, of women esteeming me good,
Of children born in my borders of radiant motherhood,
Of cities leaping to stature, of fame like a flag unfurled,
As I pour the tide of my riches in the eager lap of the world."
This is the Law of the Yukon, that only the Strong shall thrive;
That surely the Weak shall perish, and only the Fit survive.
Dissolute, damned and despairful, crippled and palsied and slain,
This is the Will of the Yukon, -- Lo, how she makes it plain!
The Parson's Son
*This is the song of the parson's son,
          as he squats in his shack alone,
On the wild, weird nights, when the Northern Lights
          shoot up from the frozen zone,
And it's sixty below, and couched in the snow
          the hungry huskies moan:*
"I'm one of the Arctic brotherhood, I'm an old-time pioneer.
I came with the first -- O God! how I've cursed
          this Yukon -- but still I'm here.
I've sweated athirst in its summer heat,
          I've frozen and starved in its cold;
I've followed my dreams by its thousand streams,
          I've toiled and moiled for its gold.
"Look at my eyes -- been snow-blind twice;
          look where my foot's half gone;
And that gruesome scar on my left cheek,
          where the frost-fiend bit to the bone.
Each one a brand of this devil's land,
          where I've played and I've lost the game,
A broken wreck with a craze for 'hooch', and never a cent to my name.
"This mining is only a gamble; the worst is as good as the best;
I was in with the bunch and I might have come out
          right on top with the rest;
With Cormack, Ladue and MacDonald -- O God! but it's hell to think
Of the thousands and thousands I've squandered
          on cards and women and drink.
"In the early days we were just a few,
          and we hunted and fished around,
Nor dreamt by our lonely camp-fires
          of the wealth that lay under the ground.
We traded in skins and whiskey, and I've often slept under the shade
Of that lone birch tree on Bonanza, where the first big find was made.
"We were just like a great big family, and every man had his squaw,
And we lived such a wild, free, fearless life
          beyond the pale of the law;
Till sudden there came a whisper, and it maddened us every man,
And I got in on Bonanza before the big rush began.
"Oh, those Dawson days, and the sin and the blaze,
          and the town all open wide!
(If God made me in His likeness, sure He let the devil inside).
But we were all mad, both the good and the bad,
          and as for the women, well --
No spot on the map in so short a space has hustled more souls to hell.
"Money was just like dirt there, easy to get and to spend.
I was all caked in on a dance-hall jade, but she shook me in the end.
It put me queer, and for near a year I never drew sober breath,
Till I found myself in the bughouse ward
          with a claim staked out on death.
"Twenty years in the Yukon, struggling along its creeks;
Roaming its giant valleys, scaling its god-like peaks;
Bathed in its fiery sunsets, fighting its fiendish cold --
Twenty years in the Yukon. . .twenty years -- and I'm old.
"Old and weak, but no matter, there's 'hooch' in the bottle still.
I'll hitch up the dogs to-morrow, and mush down the trail to Bill.
It's so long dark, and I'm lonesome -- I'll just lay down on the bed;
To-morrow I'll go. . .to-morrow. . .I guess I'll play on the red.
". . .Come, Kit, your pony is saddled.
          I'm waiting, dear, in the court. . .
. . .Minnie, you devil, I'll kill you
          if you skip with that flossy sport. . .
. . .How much does it go to the pan, Bill?. . .
          play up, School, and play the game. . .
. . .Our Father, which art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name. . ."
*This was the song of the parson's son, as he lay in his bunk alone,
Ere the fire went out and the cold crept in,
          and his blue lips ceased to moan,
And the hunger-maddened malamutes had torn him flesh from bone.*
The Call of the Wild
Have you gazed on naked grandeur
          where there's nothing else to gaze on,
  Set pieces and drop-curtain scenes galore,
Big mountains heaved to heaven, which the blinding sunsets blazon,
  Black canyons where the rapids rip and roar?
Have you swept the visioned valley
          with the green stream streaking through it,
  Searched the Vastness for a something you have lost?
Have you strung your soul to silence?
          Then for God's sake go and do it;
  Hear the challenge, learn the lesson, pay the cost.
Have you wandered in the wilderness, the sagebrush desolation,
  The bunch-grass levels where the cattle graze?
Have you whistled bits of rag-time at the end of all creation,
  And learned to know the desert's little ways?
Have you camped upon the foothills,
          have you galloped o'er the ranges,
  Have you roamed the arid sun-lands through and through?
Have you chummed up with the mesa?
          Do you know its moods and changes?
  Then listen to the Wild -- it's calling you.
Have you known the Great White Silence,
          not a snow-gemmed twig aquiver?
  (Eternal truths that shame our soothing lies).
Have you broken trail on snowshoes? mushed your huskies up the river,
  Dared the unknown, led the way, and clutched the prize?
Have you marked the map's void spaces, mingled with the mongrel races,
  Felt the savage strength of brute in every thew?
And though grim as hell the worst is,
          can you round it off with curses?
  Then hearken to the Wild -- it's wanting you.
Have you suffered, starved and triumphed,
          groveled down, yet grasped at glory,
  Grown bigger in the bigness of the whole?
"Done things" just for the doing, letting babblers tell the story,
  Seeing through the nice veneer the naked soul?
Have you seen God in His splendors,
          heard the text that nature renders?
  (You'll never hear it in the family pew).
The simple things, the true things, the silent men who do things --
  Then listen to the Wild -- it's calling you.
They have cradled you in custom,
          they have primed you with their preaching,
  They have soaked you in convention through and through;
They have put you in a showcase; you're a credit to their teaching --
  But can't you hear the Wild? -- it's calling you.
Let us probe the silent places, let us seek what luck betide us;
  Let us journey to a lonely land I know.
There's a whisper on the night-wind,
          there's a star agleam to guide us,
  And the Wild is calling, calling. . .let us go.
The Lone Trail
*Ye who know the Lone Trail fain would follow it,
Though it lead to glory or the darkness of the pit.
Ye who take the Lone Trail, bid your love good-by;
The Lone Trail, the Lone Trail follow till you die.*
The trails of the world be countless, and most of the trails be tried;
You tread on the heels of the many,
          till you come where the ways divide;
And one lies safe in the sunlight, and the other is dreary and wan,
Yet you look aslant at the Lone Trail,
          and the Lone Trail lures you on.
And somehow you're sick of the highway,
          with its noise and its easy needs,
And you seek the risk of the by-way, and you reck not where it leads.
And sometimes it leads to the desert,
          and the tongue swells out of the mouth,
And you stagger blind to the mirage, to die in the mocking drouth.
And sometimes it leads to the mountain,
          to the light of the lone camp-fire,
And you gnaw your belt in the anguish of hunger-goaded desire.
And sometimes it leads to the Southland,
          to the swamp where the orchid glows,
And you rave to your grave with the fever,
          and they rob the corpse for its clothes.
And sometimes it leads to the Northland,
          and the scurvy softens your bones,
And your flesh dints in like putty,
          and you spit out your teeth like stones.
And sometimes it leads to a coral reef in the wash of a weedy sea,
And you sit and stare at the empty glare
          where the gulls wait greedily.
And sometimes it leads to an Arctic trail,
          and the snows where your torn feet freeze,
And you whittle away the useless clay,
          and crawl on your hands and knees.
Often it leads to the dead-pit; always it leads to pain;
By the bones of your brothers ye know it,
          but oh, to follow you're fain.
By your bones they will follow behind you,
          till the ways of the world are made plain.
*Bid good-by to sweetheart, bid good-by to friend;
The Lone Trail, the Lone Trail follow to the end.
Tarry not, and fear not, chosen of the true;
Lover of the Lone Trail, the Lone Trail waits for you.*
The Pines
We sleep in the sleep of ages, the bleak, barbarian pines;
The gray moss drapes us like sages, and closer we lock our lines,
And deeper we clutch through the gelid gloom
          where never a sunbeam shines.
On the flanks of the storm-gored ridges
          are our black battalions massed;
We surge in a host to the sullen coast,
          and we sing in the ocean blast;
From empire of sea to empire of snow we grip our empire fast.
To the niggard lands were we driven,
          'twixt desert and floes are we penned;
To us was the Northland given, ours to stronghold and defend;
Ours till the world be riven in the crash of the utter end;
Ours from the bleak beginning, through the aeons of death-like sleep;
Ours from the shock when the naked rock
          was hurled from the hissing deep;
Ours through the twilight ages of weary glacier creep.
Wind of the East, Wind of the West, wandering to and fro,
Chant your songs in our topmost boughs, that the sons of men may know
The peerless pine was the first to come,
          and the pine will be last to go!
We pillar the halls of perfumed gloom; we plume where the eagles soar;
The North-wind swoops from the brooding Pole,
          and our ancients crash and roar;
But where one falls from the crumbling walls shoots up a hardy score.
We spring from the gloom of the canyon's womb;
          in the valley's lap we lie;
From the white foam-fringe, where the breakers cringe
          to the peaks that tusk the sky,
We climb, and we peer in the crag-locked mere
          that gleams like a golden eye.
Gain to the verge of the hog-back ridge where the vision ranges free:
Pines and pines and the shadow of pines as far as the eye can see;
A steadfast legion of stalwart knights in dominant empery.
Sun, moon and stars give answer; shall we not staunchly stand,
Even as now, forever, wards of the wilder strand,
Sentinels of the stillness, lords of the last, lone land?
The Lure of Little Voices
There's a cry from out the loneliness -- oh, listen, Honey, listen!
  Do you hear it, do you fear it, you're a-holding of me so?
You're a-sobbing in your sleep, dear,
          and your lashes, how they glisten --
  Do you hear the Little Voices all a-begging me to go?
All a-begging me to leave you.
          Day and night they're pleading, praying,
  On the North-wind, on the West-wind,
          from the peak and from the plain;
Night and day they never leave me -- do you know what they are saying?
  "He was ours before you got him, and we want him once again."
Yes, they're wanting me, they're haunting me, the awful lonely places;
  They're whining and they're whimpering as if each had a soul;
They're calling from the wilderness, the vast and God-like spaces,
  The stark and sullen solitudes that sentinel the Pole.
They miss my little camp-fires, ever brightly, bravely gleaming
  In the womb of desolation, where was never man before;
As comradeless I sought them, lion-hearted, loving, dreaming,
  And they hailed me as a comrade, and they loved me evermore.
And now they're all a-crying, and it's no use me denying;
  The spell of them is on me and I'm helpless as a child;
My heart is aching, aching, but I hear them, sleeping, waking;
  It's the Lure of Little Voices, it's the mandate of the Wild.
I'm afraid to tell you, Honey, I can take no bitter leaving;
  But softly in the sleep-time from your love I'll steal away.
Oh, it's cruel, dearie, cruel, and it's God knows how I'm grieving;
  But His loneliness is calling, and He knows I must obey.
The Song of the Wage-Slave
When the long, long day is over, and the Big Boss gives me my pay,
I hope that it won't be hell-fire, as some of the parsons say.
And I hope that it won't be heaven,
          with some of the parsons I've met --
All I want is just quiet, just to rest and forget.
Look at my face, toil-furrowed; look at my calloused hands;
Master, I've done Thy bidding, wrought in Thy many lands --
Wrought for the little masters, big-bellied they be, and rich;
I've done their desire for a daily hire,
          and I die like a dog in a ditch.
I have used the strength Thou hast given,
          Thou knowest I did not shirk;
Threescore years of labor -- Thine be the long day's work.
And now, Big Master, I'm broken and bent and twisted and scarred,
But I've held my job, and Thou knowest,
          and Thou will not judge me hard.
Thou knowest my sins are many, and often I've played the fool --
Whiskey and cards and women, they made me the devil's tool.
I was just like a child with money; I flung it away with a curse,
Feasting a fawning parasite, or glutting a harlot's purse;
Then back to the woods repentant, back to the mill or the mine,
I, the worker of workers, everything in my line.
Everything hard but headwork (I'd no more brains than a kid),
A brute with brute strength to labor, doing as I was bid;
Living in camps with men-folk, a lonely and loveless life;
Never knew kiss of sweetheart, never caress of wife.
A brute with brute strength to labor, and they were so far above --
Yet I'd gladly have gone to the gallows for one little look of Love.
I, with the strength to two men, savage and shy and wild --
Yet how I'd ha' treasured a woman,
          and the sweet, warm kiss of a child!
Well, 'tis Thy world, and Thou knowest.
          I blaspheme and my ways be rude;
But I've lived my life as I found it,
          and I've done my best to be good;
I, the primitive toiler, half naked and grimed to the eyes,
Sweating it deep in their ditches, swining it stark in their styes;
Hurling down forests before me, spanning tumultuous streams;
Down in the ditch building o'er me palaces fairer than dreams;
Boring the rock to the ore-bed, driving the road through the fen,
Resolute, dumb, uncomplaining, a man in a world of men.
Master, I've filled my contract, wrought in Thy many lands;
Not by my sins wilt Thou judge me, but by the work of my hands.
Master, I've done Thy bidding, and the light is low in the west,
And the long, long shift is over. . .Master, I've earned it -- Rest.
Grin
If you're up against a bruiser and you're getting knocked about --
                                        Grin.
If you're feeling pretty groggy, and you're licked beyond a doubt --
                                        Grin.
Don't let him see you're funking, let him know with every clout,
Though your face is battered to a pulp, your blooming heart is stout;
Just stand upon your pins until the beggar knocks you out --
                                        And grin.
This life's a bally battle, and the same advice holds true
                                        Of grin.
If you're up against it badly, then it's only one on you,
                                        So grin.
If the future's black as thunder, don't let people see you're blue;
Just cultivate a cast-iron smile of joy the whole day through;
If they call you "Little Sunshine",
  wish that *they'd* no troubles, too --
                                        You may -- grin.
Rise up in the morning with the will that, smooth or rough,
                                        You'll grin.
Sink to sleep at midnight, and although you're feeling tough,
                                        Yet grin.
There's nothing gained by whining, and you're not that kind of stuff;
You're a fighter from away back, and you *won't* take a rebuff;
Your trouble is that you don't know when you have had enough --
                                        Don't give in.
If Fate should down you, just get up and take another cuff;
You may bank on it that there is no philosophy like bluff,
                                        And grin.
The Shooting of Dan McGrew
A bunch of the boys were whooping it up in the Malamute saloon;
The kid that handles the music-box was hitting a jag-time tune;
Back of the bar, in a solo game, sat Dangerous Dan McGrew,
And watching his luck was his light-o'-love,
          the lady that's known as Lou.
When out of the night, which was fifty below,
          and into the din and the glare,
There stumbled a miner fresh from the creeks,
          dog-dirty, and loaded for bear.
He looked like a man with a foot in the grave
          and scarcely the strength of a louse,
Yet he tilted a poke of dust on the bar,
          and he called for drinks for the house.
There was none could place the stranger's face,
          though we searched ourselves for a clue;
But we drank his health, and the last to drink
          was Dangerous Dan McGrew.
There's men that somehow just grip your eyes,
          and hold them hard like a spell;
And such was he, and he looked to me like a man who had lived in hell;
With a face most hair, and the dreary stare
          of a dog whose day is done,
As he watered the green stuff in his glass,
          and the drops fell one by one.
Then I got to figgering who he was, and wondering what he'd do,
And I turned my head -- and there watching him
          was the lady that's known as Lou.
His eyes went rubbering round the room,
          and he seemed in a kind of daze,
Till at last that old piano fell in the way of his wandering gaze.
The rag-time kid was having a drink;
          there was no one else on the stool,
So the stranger stumbles across the room,
          and flops down there like a fool.
In a buckskin shirt that was glazed with dirt
          he sat, and I saw him sway;
Then he clutched the keys with his talon hands
          -- my God! but that man could play.
Were you ever out in the Great Alone, when the moon was awful clear,
And the icy mountains hemmed you in
          with a silence you most could *hear*;
With only the howl of a timber wolf, and you camped there in the cold,
A half-dead thing in a stark, dead world,
          clean mad for the muck called gold;
While high overhead, green, yellow and red,
          the North Lights swept in bars? --
Then you've a haunch what the music meant. . .
          hunger and night and the stars.
And hunger not of the belly kind,
          that's banished with bacon and beans,
But the gnawing hunger of lonely men for a home and all that it means;
For a fireside far from the cares that are,
          four walls and a roof above;
But oh! so cramful of cosy joy, and crowned with a woman's love --
A woman dearer than all the world, and true as Heaven is true --
(God! how ghastly she looks through her rouge, --
          the lady that's known as Lou).
Then on a sudden the music changed,
          so soft that you scarce could hear;
But you felt that your life had been looted clean
          of all that it once held dear;
That someone had stolen the woman you loved;
          that her love was a devil's lie;
That your guts were gone, and the best for you
          was to crawl away and die.
'Twas the crowning cry of a heart's despair,
          and it thrilled you through and through --
"I guess I'll make it a spread misere", said Dangerous Dan McGrew.
The music almost died away. . .then it burst like a pent-up flood;
And it seemed to say, "Repay, repay",
          and my eyes were blind with blood.
The thought came back of an ancient wrong,
          and it stung like a frozen lash,
And the lust awoke to kill, to kill. . .
          then the music stopped with a crash,
And the stranger turned, and his eyes they burned
          in a most peculiar way;
In a buckskin shirt that was glazed with dirt
          he sat, and I saw him sway;
Then his lips went in in a kind of grin,
          and he spoke, and his voice was calm,
And "Boys," says he, "you don't know me, and none of you care a damn;
But I want to state, and my words are straight,
          and I'll bet my poke they're true,
That one of you is a hound of hell. . .and that one is Dan McGrew."
Then I ducked my head, and the lights went out,
          and two guns blazed in the dark,
And a woman screamed, and the lights went up,
          and two men lay stiff and stark.
Pitched on his head, and pumped full of lead,
          was Dangerous Dan McGrew,
