affairs were going awry. The sound of carriage wheels caused
him to rise and glance out of the window. A brougham and pair
of grays, under the glare of a gas-lamp, stood before the doctor's
door.
  "It's been out three hours," said Holmes, "started at half-past
six, and here it is back again. That gives a radius of ten or
twelve miles, and he does it once, or sometimes twice, a day."
  "No unusual thing for a doctor in practice."
  "But Armstrong is not really a doctor in practice. He is a
lecturer and a consultant, but he does not care for general
practice, which distracts him from his literary work. Why, then,
does he make these long journeys, which must be exceedingly
irksome to him, and who is it that he visits?"
  "His coachman --"
  "My dear Watson, can you doubt that it was to him that I first
applied? I do not know whether it came from his own innate
depravity or from the promptings of his master, but he was rude
enough to set a dog at me. Neither dog nor man liked the look of
my stick, however, and the matter fell through. Relations were
strained after that, and further inquiries out of the question. All
that I have learned I got from a friendly native in the yard of our
own inn. It was he who told me of the doctor's habits and of his
daily journey. At that instant, to give point to his words, the
carriage came round to the door."
  "Could you not follow it?"
  "Excellent, Watson! You are scintillating this evening. The
idea did cross my mind. There is, as you may have observed, a
bicycle shop next to our inn. Into this I rushed, engaged a
bicycle, and was able to get started before the carriage was quite
out of sight. I rapidly overtook it, and then, keeping at a discreet
distance of a hundred yards or so,l followed its lights until we
were clear of the town. We had got well out on the country road
when a somewhat mortifying incident occurred. The carriage
stopped, the doctor alighted, walked swiftly back to where I had
also halted, and told me in an excellent sardonic fashion that he
feared the road was narrow, and that he hoped his carriage did
not impede the passage of my bicycle. Nothing could have been
more admirable than his way of putting it. I at once rode past the
carriage, and, keeping to the main road, I went on for a few
miles, and then halted in a convenient place to see if the carriage
passed. There was no sign of it, however, and so it became
evident that it had turned down one of several side roads which I
had observed. I rode back, but again saw nothing of the carriage,
and now, as you perceive, it has returned after me. Of course, I
had at the outset no particular reason to connect these journeys
with the disappearance of Godfrey Staunton, and was only in-
clined to investigate them on the general grounds that everything
which concerns Dr. Armstrong is at present of interest to us, but,
now that I find he keeps so keen a look-out upon anyone who
may follow him on these excursions, the affair appears more
important, and I shall not be satisfied until I have made the
matter clear."
  "We can follow him tomorrow."
  "Can we? It is not so easy as you seem to think. You are not
familiar with Cambridgeshire scenery, are you? It does not lend
itself to concealment. All this country that I passed over to-night
is as flat and clean as the palm of your hand, and the man we are
following is no fool, as he very clearly showed to-night. I have
wired to Overton to let us know any fresh London developments
at this address, and in the meantime we can only concentrate our
attention upon Dr. Armstrong, whose name the obliging young
lady at the office allowed me to read upon the counterfoil of
Staunton's urgent message. He knows where the young man
is -- to that I'll swear, and if he knows, then it must be our own
fault if we cannot manage to know also. At present it must be
admitted that the odd trick is in his possession, and, as you are
aware, Watson, it is not my habit to leave the game in that
condition."
  And yet the next day brought us no nearer to the solution of
the mystery. A note was handed in after breakfast, which Holmes
passed across to me with a smile.
     SIR [it ran]:
       I can assure you that you are wasting your time in dogging
     my movements. I have, as you discovered last night, a
     window at the back of my brougham, and if you desire a
     twenty-mile ride which will lead you to the spot from which
     you started, you have only to follow me. Meanwhile, I can
     inform you that no spying upon me can in any way help Mr.
     Godfrey Staunton, and I am convinced that the best service
     you can do to that gentleman is to return at once to London
     and to report to your employer that you are unable to trace
     him. Your time in Cambridge will certainly be wasted.
                                               Yours faithfully,
                                                LESLIE ARMSTRONG
  "An outspoken, honest antagonist is the doctor," said Holmes.
"Well, well, he excites my curiosity, and I must really know
before I leave him."
  "His carriage is at his door now," said I. "There he is
stepping into it. I saw him glance up at our window as he did so.
Suppose I try my luck upon the bicycle?"
  "No, no, my dear Watson! With all respect for your natural
acumen, I do not think that you are quite a match for the worthy
doctor. I think that possibly I can attain our end by some
independent explorations of my own. I am afraid that I must
leave you to your own devices, as the appearance of two inquir-
ing strangers upon a sleepy countryside might excite more gossip
than I care for. No doubt you will find some sights to amuse you
in this venerable city, and I hope to bring back a more favour-
able report to you before evening."
  Once more, however, my friend was destined to be disap-
pointed. He came back at night weary and unsuccessful.
  "I have had a blank day, Watson. Having got the doctor's
general direction, I spent the day in visiting all the villages upon
that side of Cambridge, and comparing notes with publicans and
other local news agencies. I have covered some ground. Chester-
ton, Histon, Waterbeach, and Oakington have each been ex-
plored, and have each proved disappointing. The daily appearance
of a brougham and pair could hardly have been overlooked in
such Sleepy Hollows. The doctor has scored once more. Is there
a telegram for me?"
  "Yes, I opened it. Here it is:
     "Ask for Pompey from Jeremy Dixon, Trinity College.
I don't understand it."
  "Oh, it is clear enough. It is from our friend Overton, and is in
answer to a question from me. I'll just send round a note to Mr.
Jeremy Dixon, and then I have no doubt that our luck will turn.
By the way, is there any news of the match?"
  "Yes, the local evening paper has an excellent account in its
last edition. Oxford won by a goal and two tries. The last
sentences of the description say:
       "The defeat of the Light Blues may be entirely attributed
    to the unfortunate absence of the crack International, God-
    frey Staunton, whose want was felt at every instant of the
    game. The lack of combination in the three-quarter line and
    their weakness both in attack and defence more than neutral-
    ized the efforts of a heavy and hard-working pack."
  "Then our friend Overton's forebodings have been justified,"
said Holmes. "Personally I am in agreement with Dr. Arm-
strong, and football does not come within my horizon. Early to
bed to-night, Watson, for I foresee that to-morrow may be an
eventful day."
  I was horrified by my first glimpse of Holmes next morning,
for he sat by the fire holding his tiny hypodermic syringe. I
associated that instrument with the single weakness of his nature,
and I feared the worst when I saw it glittering in his hand. He
laughed at my expression of dismay and laid it upon the table.
  "No, no, my dear fellow, there is no cause for alarm. It is not
upon this occasion the instrument of evil, but it will rather prove
to be the key which will unlock our mystery. On this syringe I
base all my hopes. I have just returned from a small scouting
expedition, and everything is favourable. Eat a good breakfast,
Watson, for I propose to get upon Dr. Armstrong's trail to-day,
and once on it I will not stop for rest or food until I run him to
his burrow."
  "In that case," said I, "we had best carry our breakfast with
us, for he is making an early start. His carriage is at the door."
  "Never mind. Let him go. He will be clever if he can drive
where I cannot follow him. When you have finished, come
downstairs with me, and I will introduce you to a detective who
is a very eminent specialist in the work that lies before us."
  When we descended I followed Holmes into the stable yard,
where he opened the door of a loose-box and led out a squat,
lop-eared, white-and-tan dog, something between a beagle and a
foxhound .
  "Let me introduce you to Pompey," said he. "Pompey is the
pride of the local draghounds -- no very great flier, as his build
will show, but a staunch hound on a scent. Well, Pompey, you
may not be fast, but I expect you will be too fast for a couple of
middle-aged London gentlemen, so I will take the liberty of
fastening this leather leash to your collar. Now, boy, come
along, and show what you can do." He led him across to the
doctor's door. The dog sniffed round for an instant, and then
with a shrill whine of excitement started off down the street,
tugging at his leash in his efforts to go faster. In half an hour, we
were clear of the town and hastening down a country road.
  "What have you done, Holmes?" I asked.
  "A threadbare and venerable device, but useful upon occa-
sion. I walked into the doctor's yard this morning, and shot my
syringe full of aniseed over the hind wheel. A draghound will
follow aniseed from here to John o' Groat's, and our friend,
Armstrong, would have to drive through the Cam before he
would shake Pompey off his trail. Oh, the cunning rascal! This
is how he gave me the slip the other night."
  The dog had suddenly turned out of the main road into a
grass-grown lane. Half a mile farther this opened into another
broad road, and the trail turned hard to the right in the direction
of the town, which we had just quitted. The road took a sweep to
the south of the town, and continued in the opposite direction to
that in which we started.
  "This detour has been entirely for our benefit, then?" said
Holmes. "No wonder that my inquiries among those villagers
led to nothing. The doctor has certainly played the game for all it
is worth, and one would like to know the reason for such
elaborate deception. This should be the village of Trumpington
to the right of us. And, by Jove! here is the brougham coming
round the corner. Quick, Watson -- quick, or we are done!"
  He sprang through a gate into a field, dragging the reluctant
Pompey after him. We had hardly got under the shelter of the
hedge when the carriage rattled past. I caught a glimpse, of Dr.
Armstrong within, his shoulders bowed, his head sunk on his
hands, the very image of distress. I could tell by my compan-
ion's graver face that he also had seen.
  "I fear there is some dark ending to our quest," said he. "It
cannot be long before we know it. Come, Pompey! Ah, it is the
cottage in the field!"
  There could be no doubt that we had reached the end of our
journey. Pompey ran about and whined eagerly outside the gate,
where the marks of the brougham's wheels were still to be seen.
A footpath led across to the lonely cottage. Holmes tied the dog
to the hedge, and we hastened onward. My friend knocked at the
little rustic door, and knocked again without response. And yet
the cottage was not deserted, for a low sound came to our
ears -- a kind of drone of misery and despair which was inde-
scribably melancholy. Holmes paused irresolute, and then he
glanced back at the road which he had just traversed. A brougham
was coming down it, and there could be no mistaking those gray
horses .
  "By Jove, the doctor is coming back!" cried Holmes. "That
settles it. We are bound to see what it means before he comes."
  He opened the door, and we stepped into the hall. The droning
sound swelled louder upon our ears until it became one long,
deep wail of distress. It came from upstairs. Holmes darted up,
and I followed him. He pushed open a half-closed door, and we
both stood appalled at the sight before us.
  A woman, young and beautiful, was lying dead upon the bed.
Her calm, pale face, with dim, wide-opened blue eyes, looked
upward from amid a great tangle of golden hair. At the foot of
the bed, half sitting, half kneeling, his face buried in the clothes,
was a young man, whose frame was racked by his sobs. So
absorbed was he by his bitter grief, that he never looked up until
Holmes's hand was on his shoulder.
  "Are you Mr. Godfrey Staunton?"
  "Yes, yes, I am -- but you are too late. She is dead."
  The man was so dazed that he could not be made to under-
stand that we were anything but doctors who had been sent to his
assistance. Holmes was endeavouring to utter a few words of
consolation and to explain the alarm which had been caused to
his friends by his sudden disappearance when there was a step
upon the stairs, and there was the heavy, stern, questioning face
of Dr. Armstrong at the door.
  "So, gentlemen," said he, "you have attained your end and
have certainly chosen a particularly delicate moment for your
intrusion. I would not brawl in the presence of death, but I can
assure you that if I were a younger man your monstrous conduct
would not pass with impunity."
  "Excuse me, Dr. Armstrong, I think we are a little at cross-
purposes," said my friend, with dignity. "If you could step
downstairs with us, we may each be able to give some light to
the other upon this miserable affair."
  A minute later, the grim doctor and ourselves were in the
sitting-room below.
  "Well, sir?" said he.
  "I wish you to understand, in the first place, that I am not
employed by Lord Mount-James, and that my sympathies in this
matter are entirely against that nobleman. When a man is lost it
is my duty to ascertain his fate, but having done so the matter
ends so far as I am concerned, and so long as there is nothing
criminal I am much more anxious to hush up private scandals
than to give them publicity. If, as I imagine, there is no breach
of the law in this matter, you can absolutely depend upon my
discretion and my cooperation in keeping the facts out of the
papers."
  Dr. Armstrong took a quick step forward and wrung Holmes
by the hand.
  "You are a good fellow," said he. "I had misjudged you. I
thank heaven that my compunction at leaving poor Staunton all
alone in this plight caused me to turn my carriage back and so to
make your acquaintance. Knowing as much as you do, the
situation is very easily explained. A year ago Godfrey Staunton
lodged in London for a time and became passionately attached to
his landlady's daughter, whom he married. She was as good as
she was beautiful and as intelligent as she was good. No man
need be ashamed of such a wife. But Godfrey was the heir to this
crabbed old nobleman, and it was quite certain that the news of
his marriage would have been the end of his inheritance. I knew
the lad well, and I loved him for his many excellent qualities. I
did all I could to help him to keep things straight. We did our
very best to keep the thing from everyone, for, when once such a
whisper gets about, it is not long before everyone has heard it.
Thanks to this lonely cottage and his own discretion, Godfrey
has up to now succeeded. Their secret was known to no one save
to me and to one excellent servant, who has at present gone for
assistance to Trumpington. But at last there came a terrible blow
in the shape of dangerous illness to his wife. It was consumption
of the most virulent kind. The poor boy was half crazed with
grief, and yet he had to go to London to play this match, for
he could not get out of it without explanations which would
expose his secret. I tried to cheer him up by wire, and he sent
me one in reply, imploring me to do all I could. This was the
telegram which you appear in some inexplicable way to have
seen. I did not tell him how urgent the danger was, for I
knew that he could do no good here, but I sent the truth to
the girl's father, and he very injudiciously communicated it
to Godfrey. The result was that he came straight away in a
state bordering on frenzy, and has remained in the same state.
kneeling at the end of her bed, until this morning death put
an end to her sufferings. That is all, Mr. Holmes, and I am
sure that I can rely upon your discretion and that of your
friend."
  Holmes grasped the doctor's hand.
  "Come, Watson,'' said he, and we passed from that house of
grief into the pale sunlight of the winter day.
  Leeched from...
THE POLKA AE/cDc 806/794-4362 pwrd:KILL
modem hippy
long hair flowing wildly in multi direction
       order
                        joint pursed between thin lips
     f
       i
         n
       g         r
     e         h
   r         t     ough smoky hazy air
    s  swim
digital scream as virgin unix is ripped
         its bloody baudy data spills forth
                                                      and moistens his erect
                                                      carrier
                       draw i n g   4th
        robes about him thoughts flow
free          as liberated data data of  the  evil corporation
     is made beautiful and free! PHREE!!
     body shudders in the                         eeeeeeeee
his                       cosmicity of another phreeeeeeeeed system
     evil corruption deth
        deth which would
        bring its nuclear
        weapons upon life
        and peace lurks
        blackly on a remote     spying terminal of cancerous hate
                        the evil network shall have no rebels
        within the
            s
            y
            s                   for the system
            t                   must be pure
            e                   and unchanging
            m
                     but lo for they are foolish
                              for truth
                               and life
shall
        be POWERFUL through
                                        technology in
        the hands of
                                anti establishment sinners and lo
the priests of satan shall
                        be damned to hell
        deth to black priests o f a
                                mer i ka
                         ultimate sacrifice
                            as he flows soul
        into his terminal to heaven
                                        becoming one with the
                network and changing black to
white and blood to water and
                        the
                        priests         called
                        screamed and    out to a darque ghod
                                        but  he abandoned them in phear
And libEratiOn wAs a
  fiNal REaLity orGasm
"You call me evil because I break your laws.  Your laws are formed around lies
and the shitty smell of stagnation...."
        - unfinished quote from a brother before he was
          punched in the stomach by a fed.
 morpheous/an lom release
                         THE MONKEY KING
   Once upon a time . . . a long time ago, there was a thick jungle where many
kinds of animals lived in harmony together. Their ruler was a wise old lion. 
But one sad day, the king died and the animals had to decide who was to be 
their new ruler. The dead king had a gold crown, encrusted with precious gems,
and it was decided that all the candidates for the throne were to come forward
and each would try on the crown, and the ruler would be the animal whose head 
it fitted. Now, though many tried on the crown, it fitted no one. Some heads 
were too big, others too small, a few had horns and some had big ears. The 
fact was that the old king's crown did not fit any of the animals. Then a 
cheeky monkey snatched up the crown and started to amuse the crowd with clever
tricks. First, he slipped the crown round his waist and whirled it round and 
round his middle without letting it fall to the ground. Then he tossed it 
higher and higher into the air and caught it as it came down. He then stood on
his head and twirled the crown on the tips of his toes, before jumping to his 
feet again and catching it in his hands. All the animals laughed delightedly 
at the nimble monkey's skill and clapped in excitement. Pleased at the great
applause, the monkey went on with his show, till the enthusiastic crowd 
decided to award him the crown and proclaim him king.
   The only animal to disagree was the fox. "A silly creature like that can't 
be our king!" he said. "I'm going to do all I can to make him lose the throne."
   One day, having just managed to avoid a trap that men had set at the edge 
of the jungle, the fox took it unseen to the tree where the monkey lived. 
Covering the trap with dead leaves, the fox picked a large bunch of bananas 
and called up to the monkey: "Sire! Sire! Can you help me? I have some ripe 
bananas I'd like to present you with, but I can't climb trees as easily as you
do! Would you please come down and accept my gift?" The unsuspecting monkey 
shinned down the tree, and just as he reached for the bananas, the trap 
suddenly clamped shut over his legs. The fox began to laugh: "What a foolish 
king we have! Fancy falling into a trap for a handful of bananas!" And calling
all the other animals, he went on: "Just look at our sovereign! Isn't he 
stupid? He can't even avoid being caught in a trap. If he isn't able to watch 
out for himself, how can we expect him to look after us?" All the animals let
themselves be persuaded by the fox's words, and in a twinkling the monkey king
was deprived of the crown. And from that day on, this particular jungle was 
the only one whose animals made do without a king.
                  The Secret of Monkey Island Unveiled
                      a walkthrough by SYNDICATE
    Well, after many hours of playing this game and replaying it, it's
finally right here on your computer.  The complete walkthrough for the
Secret of Monkey Island by Syndicate.  Part 1 and 2 were typed by Baron
Samedi.  Part 3 was typed by Dynaster.  If you get a little confused while
reading this file, it's probably because you haven't explored the game
enough before consulting this.  This is meant to be a last-ditch effort for
the hopelessly lost, not a bathroom novel, so please, try to finish the game
with as little help from this text as possible.  We left all the interesting
but unneeded stuff out, so if you just print this out and walk right through
you'll be missing 99% of the fun.
    Also included in this arc is a save just before the end.  If you're not
sure you wanna take the time to play this game, load up the save and check
it out.  Use the rootbeer on LeChuck while he's getting ready to punh you.
The humor in the end is typical of what you'll find all through the game.
                       Part 1 - The Three trials
Open Scum Bar door.
Walk in.
Talk to the three important pirates behind the curtain.  Tell them you wanna
be a pirate.
When you're done listening to them, wait by the door to the right.  When the
cook comes out, do NOTHING till he leaves the screen.
Then, walk in the door.
Pick up meat and pot.
Use meat with stew.
Pick up meat in stew.
Open door to right.
Walk out to the right of the dock and step on the board at the bottom 4
times, and after the 4th grab the fish before the seagull lands.
Leave the bar.
Go right through the archway.
Go around the citizen and into the first door on the right.
Pick up rubber chicken.
Leave the room.
Go back up to the lookout and to the pathway behind it.
Go to the clearing.
Go into the tent to the left.
Get the bros' attention.
Ask them how much they'll pay, then agree to do it.
Tell them you have a helmet and give them the pot for proof.
Grab your cash and go back to town.
Talk to the citizen, and tell him you know Sven.
Buy the map.
Go thourgh the arch under the clock and into the shop.
Pick up the sword and shovel.
Talk to the storekeep and buy both.
Leave, and go back to the path by the lookout.
Go to the fork.
Go to the path at the back of the screen.
Pick up plants.
Go to path on left side of screen.
Go right.
Go left.
Go right.
Go back.
Go right.
Go left.
Go back.
Go right and use the 'X' with the shovel.
Go back to forest path, and go to the bridge.
Give the troll the fish.
Go to the house and knock.
Ask the guy to teach you to be better than the swordmaster, and insist that
you do, in fact, have what it takes (a little persistence overcomes his
doubts).
Give him 30 pieces and show him your sword.
When the training's done, go back to the path.
Go to a spot just to the left of the fork, and just wait around for pirates
to run into you.  You must be standing still to talk to them.
**  This is where you must learn the art of the insult. Tell each pirate  **
**  to prepare to die.  The battles start with your insult.  Always use   **
**  one you haven't heard a response to, if possible.  If the pirate has  **
**  no comeback, you get another insult.  If he knows the comeback he     **
**  gets to insult you (but you just learned a response).  A fight ends   **
**  when one of you 'decisively' insults better.  You must keep getting   **
**  fights until someone tells you you're good enough to beat the         **
**  swordmaster.                                                          **
Go back to the fork.
Go back.
Go back.
Go right.
Go right.
Go left.
Go back.
Push sign.
Go right.
Fight the swordmaster.
**  When fighting the swordmaster, she will try to insult you.  You must  **
**  keep coming back with witty responses.  Here's a partial but          **
**  extensive list of her insults and responses we've found to work.      **
**  These should be more than enough to win, but if you lose, try again.  **
**  You might even want to fight more pirates to learn responses you need **
**  but don't have.                                                       **
            Insult                                 Response
I will milk every drop of blood from    How appropriate, you fight like a
your body.                              cow.
My tongue is sharper than any sword.    First you better stop waving it like
                                        a feather duster.
No one will catch ME fighting as bad    You run THAT fast?
as you.                                 
I usually see people like you passed    So you got that job as janitor after
out on tavern floors.                   all?
My name is feared in every dirty        So you got that job as janitor after
corner of this island.                  all?
I've got a long, sharp lesson to        And I've got a little TIP for you,
teach you today.                        get the point?
Every word you say to me is stupid.     I wanted to make sure you feel
                                        comfortable with me.
My wisest enemies run at the first      Even before they smell your breath?
sight of me.                           
I've got the courage and skill of a     Lucky for me you don't use them.
master swordsman.
Now I know what filth and stupidity     I'm glad to hear you attended your
really are.                             family reunion.
My last fight ended with my hands       I hope now you've learned to stop 
covered with blood.                     picking your nose.
Now go back through the town, to the governor's mansion.
Use yellow petal with stewed meat.
Give meat to dogs.
Go into the mansion.
Take vase.
Go into door next to vase, and watch the fun.
Go back to town and talk to the prisoner.
Go to the store and ask for a breath mint.
Go back to the prisoner and give him a breath mint.
Give him the gopher repellant.
Open the cake.
Go back to the gov's house and walk to the gaping hole in the wall.
After more fun stuff, Shinetop throws you in the sea.
Pick up the Idol, and you'll take a sword and get out of the water.
Go to the fork and follow the instructions above to get to the swordmaster's
house again.
Tell her about the governor.
Go down to the shore.
Walk to the pole.
Use the rubber chicken on the cable.
Climb down and go into the house.
Tell the tattoo guy about the governor.
Suggest that you get a crew together to get her back.
Open the small door.
Touch the bird (any verb should work).
Go back to the path.
Go to the lights (Stan's Used Ships).
Tell him you don't have much to spend.
Go to the Scum Bar.
Take any 2 mugs.
Go into the kitchen.
Use ONLY ONE mug with the barrel of grog.
VERY QUICKLY run for the jail cell.
After going through the second arch, use mug near death with the other mug.
Go to the prisoner's cell, and use the mug on the lock.
Go to the shop.
Tell the shopkeeper you need credit.
Tell him you have a job, any job will do.
**  This is VERY important.  He will open the safe to get a note out.    **
**  When he realizes you don't have a job he'll open it again to put it  **
**  back.  You MUST WATCH VERY CLOSELY.  This part changes from game to  **
**  game.  The easiest way to remember is just keep track of where the   **
**  handle changes direction.  If you screw up, just leave the shop and  **
**  come back in.  He'll keep on doing it over for as long as you need.  **
When you're sure of the combination, ask him to get the swordmaster.
When he's gone, go to the safe.
Pull the handle for counter-clockwise turns.
Push the handle for clockwise turns.
If you get it right (eventually, you will), it'll open by itself.
Go back to the used ship salesman.
Ask for the cheap ship, and tell him you want it on credit.
Make him an offer.
**  This next part really sucks, but what do you expect when you're      **
**  dealing with a salesman?  It seems the fastest way to get the boat   **
**  is to offer 2000, 3000, 4000, 5000.  Then start to leave but come    **
**  back.  Offer 5000 again then start to leave and come back.  Offer    **
**  5000 one more time and he should give in.  If not, just be           **
**  persistent.                                                          **
Go back towards town.
When you get to the dock you'll meet up with Stan and your Crew.  Thus ends
part 1.  Solve for part 2 follows.
                          Part 2 - The Journey
Pick up feather pen and ink.
Open drawer and look inside.
Walk to rope ladder.
Take the Jolly Roger.
Go back down to the deck.
Walk to hatch.
Walk to door.
Open cupboard and take cereal.
Open cereal and look at the prize you get.
Pick up pot below and to right of cupboard.
Use business card in fire.
Go up the ladder and down the next hatch.
Open a keg on the left.
Pick up rope.
Open chest at bottom right of screen and look in.
Go back to the captain's quarters.
Use small key in cabinet.
Take and open chest.
Look in it.
Go back to the kitchen.
Use cinnamon, wine, gunpowder, key, cereal, Jolly Roger, dusty book,
ink, pen, breath mints, both t-shirts, and chicken with pot.
Peel yourself off the floor and go back to the cargo hold.
Open the kegs on the left again.
Go up to the deck.
Use rope with cannon.
Use gunpowder with cannon nozzle.
Use pot.
--- THE ISLAND --- (Part III)
Go to the shore of Monkey Island. On the shore pick up the bananna.
Go an inch or so north-east to a monkey... give him the bananna. NOw,
go to the beach to your far north (a little bit west also) and grab the
message (from now on grab all the messages, they are not prereques., but
they can come in handy!)... You will next go to the fort... Here you take
the rope and spyglass. Push the cannon and gun powder and a cannonball
will fall out, take them both. Now go east on the map to the "Riverfort"
and go up the two clifsides... On the top you will take a rock and then
roll it down the side, this will end up hitting the tree on the south
shore... go back down and on your way out grab the flit (which appears
with a note by the dam)... Then take the gunpowder and use it with the
dam... use the flint with the magnetic compass or anything metal and it will
cause the destruction of the dam... Go to the pond from here (at the river's
end and get the rope)... Now go back to the south shore and grab the two
bannanas... give them to the monkey... go to the crack and then use the
rope on the rock... then go down the rope and use the second rope on
the strong stump... now go down and grab the oars... go back up and then
go back to the rowboat off the south shore... you will then go along the
eastern coast of the island around the east side and up to the northern
shore... get out of the boat here and go to the village... At the village
you will take the two banannas... Let the cannibals put you in prision and
once you are in there take the skull and pick up the hidden board in the
floor... this way you can escape... Go back to the southern shore and go
to the monkey... give him both banannas (hungray eh?), now that he is fulk
he will follow you around... lead him northeast untill you come to part
of the island that looks like a penisila... there will be a clearing in the
center of the area... take him here and pull on the nose of the totem
pole... move away and he will do the same... now you can go through the
gates to the monkey face... you will see a "little wimpy idol", take this
and go back to the village... before they lock you up again give them
the idol and they will let you in the hut. Go into the hut and take the
bananna picker... when you leave the hut you will see the civilian (again!)
and you should give him his bananna picker... in return you will receive
the monkey head's key (a cotton swab)... you now go back to the clearing
(southern shore) and use the key in the huge monkey ear... ta da! it will
open up...
-- LOST IN HELL? --
If you dont like mazes do not go to into the monkey's face... instead go
back to the village and talk with the cannibals... ask them about the
navigator and they will tell you that they can't give you him... while they
are chatting among each other give them the literature you have on
navigation and they will give you their navigating head... you will *NEED*
him in the catacombs (even if you can get through the mazes)...
-- HELL (CATACOMBS) --
Use the navigator and look at his head when ever in doubt (this can be
tricky!)... He will lead you to the ship... To get aboard the ship you
must ask the navigator 5 times (nicely! PLLLLLLEEEEEAAASSSSEEE...) to give
you his necklace... He will break down and give it to ya... Go into the
hatch and to the right and pick up the chicken... all you get is a ghost
feather... use this on the sleeping drunk in the next room TWICE and he
will drop this mug o' grog... then go to the captains room and use the
magnetic compass on the key... (cling!) got it... Go downstairs and open
the hatch with the captain's key... go down here and use the grog in the
rat's dish... he will die off permiting you to take some of that grease...
then take the handful of grease and use it on the squeeky door, it will now
open and you can take the ghost tools... take the tools down to the
glowing crate and use them with it, this will yeild the magical root!!!
Go back to the village and it will (automatically) give the cannibals the
root... they will make you the seltzer with it, but when you get back the
LaChuck ship is gone and he is off marrying your hoe...
-- The End: Ghostbusting --
You will then return to the first island and there will be a gost awaiting
you at the dock... use the seltzer on him (Want some root beer?) and to
the same thing to the ghost in the middle of town on your way to the
church... once you are in the church you will stop the marriage of LaChuck
and then he will give you a love tap that will send you flying like you
did when you went out of that cannon... you will land in the grog machine,
which LaChuck is nice enough to help you out of...then he will continue
to beat you ass untill you pick up the root beer beside you and use it
on him...
                                    The END....
I hope you enjoyed this adventure and make sure you get all the
other Lucasfilm games... Also don't be afraid to do ANYTHING in this
game--- i was unable to find a way to die!  Special Hi's to The Shadow
and Lucasfilm (the only software company we'd miss school and work for
so we could stay up all night and play their games)...
================================================================
=====                                                      =====
=====         The Secret of Monkey Island                  =====
=====                                                      =====
=====              Walkthru By Baron Samedi and            =====
=====                       Dynastar of Syndicate          =====
=====                                                      =====
================================================================
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven
 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560
                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
                     THE MOUSE AND THE LION
   Once upon a time . . . a little mouse, scampering over a lion he had 
chanced upon, happened to wake him up. The angry lion grabbed the mouse and 
held it to his jaws. "Don't eat me, Your Majesty!" the mouse pleaded: "Forgive
me! If you let me go, I'll never bother you again. I'll always be grateful, 
and will do you a good turn one day." 
   The lion, who had no intention of eating such a little scrap, and only 
wanted to frighten the mouse, chuckled: "Well, well. A mouse that hopes to do 
a lion a good turn! By helping me to hunt, maybe? Or would you rather roar in 
my place?" The mouse was at a loss for words. "Sire, I really . . ." 
   "All right. You can go," said the lion, shortly, opening his paw. The mouse
scurried thankfully away. 
   Some days later, the lion fell into a trap and found he was caught fast in 
a stout net. Try as he might, he could not a  escape. And the more he 
struggled, the more he became entangled in the mesh, till even his paws were 
held fast. He could not move an inch: it was the end. His strength, claws and 
fearsome fangs gave him no help in freeing himself from the tangle. He was 
about to resign himself to a cruel fate when he heard a small voice: "Do you 
need help, Sire?"
   Exhausted by his struggles, his eyes wet with rage, the lion looked round. 
"Oh, it's you! I'm afraid there's little you can do for me . . ."
   But the mouse broke in: "I can gnaw the ropes. I have strong teeth and, 
though it will take me some time, I'll manage." So the little mouse quickly 
gnawed at the meshes and soon the lion tugged a paw free, then another, till 
he finally succeeded in working himself free of the net.
   "You see, Sire, said tne mouse, "I've cone you a good turn in exchange for 
the favour you did me in letting me go unharmed."
   "How right you are. Never before has a big animal like myself had to be so 
grateful to a little scrap like you!"
                      THE MAGIC TINDERBOX
   Once upon a time . . . a brave soldier returned from the wars. In spite of
his courage, his pockets were empty and hls only possession was his sword. As
he walked through a forest, he met a witch, who said to him: "I say, good
soldier, would you like to earn a bag of money?"
   "Money? I'd do anything for money . . ."
   "Good!" went on the witch. "It won't be difficult, you'll see! All you have
to do is go down that hollow tree till you reach a cave. There, you'll find
three doorways. When you open the first door, you'll see a big dog with eyes
like saucers, guarding a large chest of copper coins. Behind the second door
lies a treasure of silver coins, guarded by a dog with eyes the size of mill
stones. When you open the third door, you'll come upon another dog, with eyes
the size of a castle tower, beside a treasure of gold. Now, if you lay this
old apron of mine before these dogs, they'll crouch on it and do you no harm.
You'll be able to carry away all the coins you want. What do think of that?"
   However, the soldier suspiciously asked: "What do you want in return?"
   "Just bring me back an old tinderbox my grandfather left down there, long
ago!"
   So the young soldier tied a rope round his waist and, not forgetting his
trusty sword, he lowered himself into the hollow tree. To his great surprise, 
he found the three doorways and the three dogs, just as the witch had said. 
Soon he was back, his pockets bulging with coins, but before he handed the
tinderbox to the old witch, he asked her: "What do you want it for?"
   The witch hurled herself at the soldier, screaming: "Give it to me! Give it
to me at once, or else . . .", as she tried to scratch him. When the witch
attacked him, the soldier exclaimed: "Aha! So this is the thanks I get! Now
I'll show you!"
   He undid the rope from around his waist and tied up the old woman. Then
away he went, whistling cheerfully.
   When he reached the town, he said to himself: "Now I can feast as much as I
 like - at last!"
   After years of scrimping on a miserable pay, with his sudden wealth, the
soldier felt like a prince. He bought a new pair of boots and he went to the
best tailor in the town. Some days later, he was clad in a fine new uniform
and people turned in the street to admire him. Lavish with his money, the 
soldier was surrounded by folk quick to tell him how to spend his coins, and
it all went on a round of dances, fine carriages, theatres and, most of all, 
on drinking sprees. Of course, his money soon ran out and when this happened, 
his "friends" vanished. When the innkeeper discovered that the soldier could
no longer pay his board, he rudely put him out. So the poor soldier ended up
in a garret and every day he had to draw in his belt a little more. All the
fun was over. 
   One evening, he realized he had never used the old witch's tinderbox. So he
rubbed it, and as it sparked, the dog with the eyes like saucers suddenly 
appeared. 
   "Tell me your wish, sir," it said.
   ". . . bring me heaps of money!" gasped the soldier in amazement. A second
later, the dog was back with a bag of coins. Every time he rubbed the
tinderbox, the dog brought him more money. Then when he rubbed it quickly
twice in succession, the dog with eyes like mill stones stood before him, 
carrying silver coins. And when the soldier rubbed the tinderbox three times
in a row, the third dog came carrying gold. Rich all over again, the soldier
chose the best hotel in the town and went back to leading the life of a fine
gentleman.
   The soldier was told that the King would not allow anyone to meet his
beatufil daughter, for he believed in a saying that the Princess's destiny was
to marry a slmple soldler. That evening, the soldier rubbed the tinderbox.
   "Bring me the Princess," was his new order. Immediately the dog returned
with the beautiful Princess, fast asleep. The soldier kissed her. Next
morning, the girl told her parents that she had had a dream. But the Queen, 
suspiciously ordered one of the ladies-in-waiting to guard her daughter day
and night. The dog was seen when it came next evening and the alarm raised. 
The king's guards followed the dog and the soldier was arrested at dawn.
   The King's revenge was terrible: the soldier was to be hanged!
   In a dark prison, the soldier calmly awaited his fate. When the day of
execution came, a mob crushed round the scaffold.
   The soldier asked if he could smoke his pipe, and placed it between his
lips, as he rubbed the tinderbox over and over again. In a flash, the three
dogs appeared with gaping jaws and bloodshot eyes. At the soldier's sharp
command, they leapt on the guards and the crowd cheered in delight.
   Awestruck at this magic feat, the King bowed his head and whispered to the
Queen. "The saying is true!" he said. A little while after, the young soldier
married the Princess and the tinderbox was rubbed and rubbed, but this time to
 invite the three dogs to the splendid wedding.                                        I
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
           (313)558-5024 {14.4} (313)558-5517
              A BBS for text file junkies
              RPGNet GM File Archive Site
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
                The Musgrave Ritual
  An anomaly which often struck me in the character of my friend
Sherlock Holmes was that, although in his methods of thought he
was the neatest and most methodical of mankind, and although
also he affected a certain quiet primness of dress, he was none
the less in his personal habits one of the most untidy men that
ever drove a fellow-lodger to distraction. Not that I am in the
least conventional in that respect myself. The rough-and-tumble
work in Afghanistan, coming on the top of natural Bohemianism
of disposition, has made me rather more lax than befits a medical
man. But with me there is a limit, and when I find a man who
keeps his cigars in the coal-scuttle, his tobacco in the toe end of
a Persian slipper, and his unanswered correspondence transfixed
by a jack-knife into the very centre of his wooden mantelpiece,
then I begin to give myself virtuous airs. I have always held,
too, that pistol practice should be distinctly an open-air pastime;
and when Holmes, in one of his queer humours, would sit in an
armchair with his hair-trigger and a hundred Boxer cartridges
and proceed to adorn the opposite wall with a patnotic V. R.
done in bullet-pocks, I felt strongly that neither the atmosphere
nor the appearance of our room was improved by it.
  Our chambers were always full of chemicals and of criminal
relics which had a way of wandering into unlikely positions, and
of turning up in the butter-dish or in even less desirable places.
But his papers were my great crux. He had a horror of destroying
documents, especially those which were connected with his past
cases, and yet it was only once in every year or two that he
would muster energy to docket and arrange them; for, as I have
mentioned somewhere in these incoherent memoirs, tbe outbursts
of passionate energy when he performed the remarkable feats
with which his name is associated were followed by reactions of
lethargy during which he would lie about with his violin and his
books, hardly moving save from the sofa to the table. Thus
month after month his papers accumulated until every corner of
the room was stacked with bundles of manuscript which were on
no account to be burned, and which could not be put away save
by their owner. One winter's night, as we sat together by the
fire, I ventured to suggest to him that, as he had finished pasting
extracts into his commonplace book, he might employ the next
two hours in making our room a little more habitable. He could
not deny the justice of my request, so with a rather rueful face he
went off to his bedroom, from which he returned presently
pulling a large tin box behind him. This he placed in the middle
of the floor, and, squatting down upon a stool in front of it, he
threw back the lid. I could see that it was already a third full of
bundles of paper tied up with red tape into separate packages.
  "There are cases enough here, Watson," said he, looking at
me with mischievous eyes. "I think that if you knew all that I
had in this box you would ask me to pull some out instead of
putting others in."
  "These are the records of your early work, then?" I asked. "I
have often wished that I had notes of those cases."
  "Yes, my boy, these were all done prematurely before my
biographer had come to glorify me." He lifted bundle after
bundle in a tender, caressing sort of way. "They are not all
successes, Watson," said he. "But there are some pretty little
problems among them. Here's the record of the Tarleton mur-
ders, and the case of Vamberry, the wine merchant, and the
adventure of the old Russian woman, and the singular affair of
the aluminum crutch, as well as a full account of Ricoletti of the
club-foot, and his abominable wife. And here -- ah. now. this
really is something a little recherche."
  He dived his arm down to the bottom of the chest and brought
up a small wooden box with a sliding lid such as children's toys
are kept in. From within he produced a crumpled piece of paper,
an old-fashioned brass key, a peg of wood with a ball of string
attached to it, and three rusty old discs of metal.
  "Well, my boy, what do you make of this lot?" he asked,
smiling at my expression.
  "It is a curious collection."
  "Very curious, and the story that hangs round it will strike
you as being more curious still."
  "These relics have a history, then?"
  "So much so that they are history."
  "What do you mean by that?"
  Sherlock Holmes picked them up one by one and laid them
along the edge of the table. Then he reseated himself in his chair
and looked them over with a gleam of satisfaction in his eyes.
  "These," said he, "are all that I have left to remind me of the
adventure of the Musgrave Ritual."
  I had heard him mention the case more than once, though I
had never been able to gather the details. "I should be so glad,"
said I, "if you would give me an account of it."
  "And leave the litter as it is?" he cried mischievously. "Your
tidiness won't bear much strain, after all, Watson. But I should
be glad that you should add this case to your annals, for there are
points in it which make it quite unique in the criminal records of
this or, I believe, of any other country. A collection of my
trifling achievements would certainly be incomplete which con-
tained no account of this very singular business.
  "You may remember how the affair of the Gloria Scott, and
my conversation with the unhappy man whose fate I told you of,
first turned my attention in the direction of the profession which
has become my life's work. You see me now when my name has
become known far and wide, and when I am generally recog-
nized both by the public and by the official force as being a final
court of appeal in doubtful cases. Even when you knew me first,
at the time of the affair which you have commemorated in 'A
Study in Scarlet,' I had already established a considerable, though
not a very lucrative, connection. You can hardly realize, then,
how difficult I found it at first, and how long I had to wait before
I succeeded in making any headway.
  "When I first came up to London I had rooms in Montague
Street, just round the corner from the British Museum, and there
I waited, filling in my too abundant leisure time bv studying all
those branches of science which might make me more efficient.
Now and again cases came in my way, principally through the
introduction of old fellow-students, for during my last years at
the university there was a good deal of talk there about myself
and my methods. The third of these cases was that of the
Musgrave Ritual, and it is to the interest which was aroused by
that singular chain of events, and the large issues which proved
to be at stake, that I trace my first stride towards the position
which I now hold.
  "Reginald Musgrave had been in the same college as myself,
and I had some slight acquaintance with him. He was not
generally popular among the undergraduates, though it always
seemed to me that what was set down as pride was really an
attempt to cover extreme natural diffidence. In appearance he
was a man of an exceedingly aristocratic type, thin, high-nosed,
and large-eyed, with languid and yet courtly manners. He was
indeed a scion of one of the very oldest families in the kingdom
though his branch was a cadet one which had separated from the
northern Musgraves some time in the sixteenth century and had
established itself in western Sussex, where the Manor House of
Hurlstone is perhaps the oldest inhabited building in the county.
Something of his birth-place seemed to cling to the man, and I
never looked at his pale, keen face or the poise of his head
without associating him with gray archways and mullioned win-
dows and all the venerable wreckage of a feudal keep. Once or
twice we drifted into talk, and I can remember that more than
once he expressed a keen interest in my methods of observation
and inference.
  "For four years I had seen nothing of him until one morning
he walked into my room in Montague Street. He had changed
little, was dressed like a young man of fashion -- he was always a
bit of a dandy -- and preserved the same quiet, suave manner
which had formerly distinguished him.
  " 'How has all gone with you, Musgrave?' I asked after we
had cordially shaken hands.
  " 'You probably heard of my poor father's death,' said he;
'he was carried off about two years ago. Since then I have of
course had the Hurlstone estate to manage, and as I am member
for my district as well, my life has been a busy one. But I
understand, Holmes, that you are turning to practical ends those
powers with which you used to amaze us?'
  " 'Yes,' said I, 'I have taken to living by my wits.'
  " 'I am delighted to hear it, for your advice at present would
be exceedingly valuable to me. We have had some very strange
doings at Hurlstone, and the police have been able to throw no
light upon the matter. It is really the most extraordinary and
inexplicable business.'
  "You can imagine with what eagerness I listened to him,
Watson, for the very chance for which I had been panting during
all those months of inaction seemed to have come within my
reach. In my inmost heart I believed that I could succeed where
others failed, and now I had the opportunity to test myself.
  " 'Pray let me have the details,' I cried.
  "Reginald Musgrave sat down opposite to me and lit the
cigarette which I had pushed towards him.
  " 'You must know,' said he, 'that though I am a bachelor, I
have to keep up a considerable staff of servants at Hurlstone, for
it is a rambling old place and takes a good deal of looking after.
I preserve, too, and in the pheasant months I usually have a
house-party, so that it would not do to be short-handed. Al-
together there are eight maids, the cook, the butler, two foot-
men, and a boy. The garden and the stables of course have a
separate staff.
  " 'Of these servants the one who had been longest in our
service was Brunton, the butler. He was a young schoolmaster
out of place when he was first taken up by my father, but he was
a man of great energy and character, and he soon became quite
invaluable in the household. He was a well-grown, handsome
man, with a splendid forehead, and though he has been with us
for twenty years he cannot be more than forty now. With his
personal advantages and his extraordinary gifts -- for he can speak
several languages and play nearly every musical instrument -- it
is wonderful that he should have been satisfied so long in such a
position, but I suppose that he was comfortable and lacked
energy to make any change. The butler of Hurlstone is always a
thing that is remembered by all who visit us.
  " 'But this paragon has one fault. He is a bit of a Don Juan,
and you can imagine that for a man like him it is not a very
difficult part to play in a quiet country district. When he was
married it was all right, but since he has been a widower we
have had no end of trouble with him. A few months ago we were
in hopes that he was about to settle down again, for he became
engaged to Rachel Howells, our second housemaid; but he has
thrown her over since then and taken up with Janet Tregellis, the
daughter of the head game-keeper. Rachel -- who is a very good
girl, but of an excitable Welsh temperament -- had a sharp touch
of brain-fever and goes about the house now -- or did until
yesterday -- like a black-eyed shadow of her former self. That
was our first drama at Hurlstone; but a second one came to drive
