swept down the San Geronimo valley from the ocean 
kept the hill sides and valleys lush with with all kinds of 
trees: buckeyes, bays, oaks, madrones, firs, and 
redwoods."
The RADAR Ranger eyed the mountain biker closely. 
"I'm not boring you with these memories, am I?"
"Well, actually, I ride a lot of the mountain and I'm pretty 
knowledgeable of its flora and fauna."
"But you don't hike on the mountain? Just ride?"
"Yes, that's right; I can't walk too far because I've got a 
bad back. Riding doesn't bother it, though. My 
chiropractor even claims riding is good for it, opens the 
vertebrae and takes pressure off the discs and nerves 
running through them."
"Well, then," rejoined the RADAR Ranger, his face 
hardening, "you've never had an opportunity to see the 
beauty of the mountain at a leisurely pace, have you? I 
imagine we could even safely say that you've missed 
some of the more subtle, natural wonders on your hurried 
trips through the watershed."
"No I not really. I sometimes take along my water 
colors and sketch book to paint impressions of what I see 
along the fire protection roads. You know, it's really great 
being able to travel deeply into the mountain, to places 
you never could reach in a single day by foot. Those 
remote areas are unspoiled by the comings and goings of 
all the day trips people organize around here."
"Such a knowledgeable, young fellow you are," said the 
RADAR Ranger in his best Yoda syntax. "I'm surprised 
at your range of interests I you have certain traits that 
are rather atypical of mountain bikers in general. Are you 
aware of the feral pig problem up on Bolinas Ridge?" 
came the next question.
"I paint up there all the time," answered the mountain 
biker, surprised at this non sequitur. He shifted his glance 
from the suspicious eyes of the ranger to the boar's head 
mounted on the wall to his right. "You mean those guys?" 
The RADAR Ranger nodded his head in assent. "Sure, 
I've seen some of the cages you've set up there. They're 
the reason you put up the long wire fence on the ridge, 
isn't it. To keep wild pigs from spreading into the Point 
Reyes National Seashore. Those animals are real devils, 
digging up hill sides looking for calypso orchid roots and 
all."
"What do you know about West Peak?" quizzed the 
RADAR Ranger with another non sequitur.
"Not too much," came the reply, "because it's been closed 
to just about everybody since the military took it over 
during World War II. I do know that the Air Force built 
their RADAR station there in 1951, but after they 
declared the facility out-of-date in 1982, they turned the 
area over to the GGNRA. Strange, now that I think about 
it, that the land didn't revert back to the Marin Municipal 
Water District. But then, again, stranger things happen all 
the time. I understand the three acres up there on West 
Peak with the two golf-ball RADAR domes is leased to 
the FAA under a separate agreement and that no matter 
how loud the public complains, those domes will never 
come down." The mountain biker hesitated, broke into a 
soft chuckle, then caught himself and stopped, but not 
before the ranger threw a weary glance in his direction.
"What are you laughing at?"
"Oh," said the mountain biker, "not much. It's just that a 
few of us who ride the mountain refer to West Peak as 
the Tee-off to paradise. It's just funny if you know the 
guys in the group."
The RADAR Ranger apparently didn't know the guys in 
the group and kept a straight face. "Have you ever been 
inside the compound at West Peak?"
"Absolutely not," returned the mountain biker. "The 
place is off limits and, besides, it's completely encircled 
by a cyclone fence topped off with barbed wire. A real 
fortress up there." He looked guilefully at the RADAR 
Ranger, waiting for his next move, as if they were 
playing a cloak-and-dagger game of chess.
The RADAR Ranger made his next move."Ever done any 
spelunking or rock collecting on the mountain? Some 
varieties of chert contain beautiful patterns and colors, 
and the pillow basalt deposits are intriguing."
"I didn't know there were any caves worth exploring on 
Mt. Tam, at least I've never heard of any," conceded the 
cyclist. "Rock collecting I no, I've invested too much 
money trying to keep my bike light. Why would I want to 
load up my pockets and fanny pack with rocks? I couldn't 
even imagine hikers going to the trouble of carrying 
mineral souvenirs off the mountain. It's illegal, anyway, 
isn't it? You guys aren't going to start checking purses 
and car trunks for contraband rocks, are you?"
"No, we're not," replied the RADAR Ranger with an 
audible sigh of relief, leaving the puzzled mountain biker 
to wonder what it was that had just transpired between 
them. (*Author's note: No one really knows the 
significance of what transpired between the two).
Fairfax
"I see that you already have a sound understanding of the 
mountain and can empathize with a child's attachment to 
it," the RADAR Ranger conceded. "There's no reason for 
me to belabor that point, then." The mountain biker 
shifted ever so slightly lower in his chair, the only 
outward indication that these last words were a welcome 
relief to him.
"As I was saying before my digression, Daryl drove us 
straight to Mt. Tam immediately after our encounter with 
the crazed, two-dimensional, celluloid RADAR Ranger 
of the Sonoma coast. On my advice, we settled down 
until day break in the dirt parking lot that fronted the 
entrance to Deer Park fire road in the town of Fairfax. I 
slept soundly in our Lycra (TM) womb, too weary to 
dream, but Daryl tossed and turned, no doubt 
subconsciously replaying our dark times on the Sonoma 
coast on the back wall of his mind.
"My head was resting on the cushion of the back seat 
when I first opened my eyes and I could see the sun 
climbing through the middle branches of the ancient 
madrone under which we had parked. The preceding 
evening's events had worn me out, but not as much as 
they had Daryl. I stirred before him and was standing in a 
spotlight of warm sun next to the Mustang when he 
emerged from the car. He was haggard and worn, the 
muscles at the corners of his eyes dragging the lids half 
way down over his irises. He rubbed at them vigorously 
with the palms of both hands, then opened his mouth 
wide to let a tremendous yawn escape.
" 'Yesterday was more work than I imagined,' he said, 
shaking his matted head at nothing in particular.
" 'I'm emotionally exhausted, too,' I said. 'The happenings 
of the past few days have played havoc with my mind.'
"I'm physically tired, Gordon, not emotionally. Emotions 
are your weakness, not mine.'
" 'Daryl,' I countered, upset by his continued, obstinate 
denial that emotions had no place in our world of public 
service, 'you have been emotionally excited ever since 
this quest began. Any physical exhaustion you've felt 
takes a back seat to the force of that excitement. And I 
know that beyond your emotionally excited state, you 
must share some of my loneliness now that Fritz is gone 
and our pack has grown smaller. If you're a pack animal 
as you claim, you can't escape that feeling.'
"He stood there, glaring at me with eyes that had become 
wide-awake. The muscles that had pulled the corners of 
his mouth down to a sleepy frown when he first awoke 
were now offset by an opposing pair that created a subtle 
grin. 'You've mistaken an instinctive focusing of energy 
for emotional excitement,' he lectured me. 'I have not 
been acting like a small child running around a birthday 
cake, clapping my hands excitedly for the next slice of 
cake. No I my energies have been carefully calculated 
and focused on achieving a single goal: to find others of 
our kind. The emotions you talk about would only get in 
the way and impede the attainment of that goal. I am a 
man of action, not of emotions.' He ran his fingers 
through the disheveled hair on the sides of his head, then 
massaged his hands slowly and heavily down the outside 
of his neck. 'I do not miss Fritz in an emotional way; 
rather, I feel a need, a drive, to replace that which has 
been taken from me because I am less whole without it. 
Soon, today perhaps, I will find others like us and regain 
my whole identity.'
"Arguing further with him, especially when part of me 
applauded what he said, was senseless. So I suggested 
that we begin our search that very morning. My plan was 
simpleQto divide up and walk the trails and fire 
protection roads of Mt. Tamalpais until we met another 
RADAR Ranger. At the end of the day, we would return 
to the Mustang and inform each other of our successes. 
Daryl agreed immediately to the plan and set out along 
Deer Park fire road. I hiked with him a very short 
distance, then turned right onto Ridge Trail and set out on 
my own. I had hiked along this single track often as a 
child and was familiar with it and the others it linked up 
with.
"I marveled at what I saw that morning: redwood, oak 
and madrone standing brilliantly outlined against a deep 
blue sky, meadows and grasslands teaming with field 
mice and other rodents, redtailed hawks circling 
overhead. Raccoon appeared early along the trail, 
scampering to their dens after a night-time of ravaging 
Fairfax dumpsters and garbage cans. As their numbers 
diminished and early morning flowed into mid morning, 
deer bounded more frequently into the underbrush on 
either side of the trail as I passed along. The deeper I 
hiked into the watershed, the more frequently I 
encountered creatures that were less willing to share the 
land with humans: fox, bobcats, and osprey. And there 
was another creature whose presence I sensed but did not 
actually see until later in the morning."
"The sensations of another's presence were almost too 
subtle to notice at first I they came to me more as 
echoes of my own movements though the forest, nothing 
more. And that's what I believed them to be at first, 
echoes. The sound of my boots striking the trail, the 
rustle of shirt sleeves as they brushed against my side, the 
occasional tree limb reaching out and touching my hat, a 
light cough to clear my throatQthese sounds moving 
away from me into the woods in concentric rings of 
energy, then returning after random collisions with a tree 
trunk, a rock wall, or a pool of water. In open meadows 
and fields, however, with few objects large enough to 
send the babble of my body hurrying back to its source, I 
became more suspicious of these echoes. 'How is it,' I 
wondered, 'that even without reflecting objects, whatever 
audible movement I make, its twin fills my ears as if the 
rebounding surface is as close as my shadow?' Yet, as 
I've told you, I could see nothing close enough to me to 
account for the phenomenon.
"I passed along Ridge, Moore, and Canyon trails aware 
of the strange echoing phenomenon, but unable to 
determine its cause. It did not seem threatening and 
gradually became one of many background noises that 
accompanied me on my wanderings through the 
watershed. Hiking up Canyon Trail before it intersected 
with Concrete Pipe fire road, I became mesmerized by 
the intensity of the green canyon wall that faced me from 
the southwest. The sun had climbed high enough in the 
morning sky to paint dark green shadows along the 
canyon's uneven surfaces. The line separating shadow 
from sunlight was razor sharp and created an exaggerated 
three dimensionality on the surface I as though the folds 
of land and trees where the edge lay had a dimensional 
order of magnitude greater than the surrounding terrain. 
But even more overpowering than the texture of the 
canyon wall was the color green. Both in shadow and in 
sunlight, it was a green that could not be matched by 
photographic film, tape, or 32-bit computer color. To 
capture even the slightest essence of its mystery would 
require the mixing of pigments by a skillful, living artist 
trained in the subtleties of green.
"These were my thoughts as I passed from Canyon Trail 
onto Concrete Pipe fire road. The road was considerably 
wider than the trail, providing ample access for large 
trucks and fire fighting equipment. Exceptionally wide 
and smooth, Concrete Pipe's friendly surface was a 
magnet to speeding bicycles traveling in either direction, 
and I heard the approach of several as I climbed up onto 
it. Three cyclists were approaching from the north at a 
speed well beyond the 5 mph limits I had seen posted. 
Bringing down three law breakers would bring me to 
within two of my minimum quota of five for the day. I 
prepared to signal the riders to the side of the road when I 
heard my footsteps continue at a rapid pace past me in 
the direction of the bicycles."
Concrete Pipe
"Excuse me, sir," interrupted the mountain biker, "but 
you had no jurisdiction at that time to issue tickets on the 
watershed."
The RADAR Ranger tossed his head back in frustration 
and, not bothering to look at the mountain biker, 
countered, "RADAR Rangers have jurisdiction wherever 
the law is broken. Haven't I made that clear to you?"
"Sorry, sir, I guess I wasn't thinking straight."
"Yes, I guess you weren't, but that doesn't come as a 
surprise to me. Now, let me continue with my story I 
where was I? Oh, yes: Materializing where the footfalls 
ended, a RADAR Ranger appeared and gestured the 
cyclists to a stop. In his right hand, he was wielding a 
battery-powered K-15 RADAR gun and in his left he 
held a book of tickets!
"I was astonished to have found another RADAR Ranger 
so soon and in the manner I had just witnessed. He was a 
tall, angular man and wasted no time citing the law 
breakers for their offenses. With tickets tucked away in 
black Cordura(TM), adjustable waist belt with padded 
back area fanny packs, the three mountain bikers pedaled 
off at a much slower clip. I remained where I was, hidden 
from view by roadside shrubbery as they cycled past. 
When the next corner had devoured them, I stepped into 
the middle of the road I and felt as if I were looking 
into a mirror. I pivoted on my right foot, and my mirror 
image, the ranger, pivoted on his left, turning not a 
degree further than I had. I swung my left leg around to 
complete my turn and he did the same with his right leg. 
Every gesture I made, he duplicated with uncanny 
accurateness. I took a hesitant step toward him, and he 
took a hesitant step away from me. I shuffled backwards, 
and my image shuffled forwards. A reflective stalemate. I 
hailed him a greeting, gesturing with my right hand, and 
heard the words of my greeting rebounding back to me a 
millisecond after I had uttered them. Had he been closer, 
the palm and fingers of his left hand would have been 
pressed tightly against my right and our combined 
movements would have been the perfect mime of one 
man washing a mirror. But we remained separated and I 
could not lessen the distance between us."
"What did you finally do?" asked the mountain biker, 
comfortably ensconced behind the oak table.
"Nothing," answered the RADAR Ranger. "Within 
moments after hailing him, he simply disappeared as 
quickly as he had appeared. He was there and then he 
wasn't. His reflexes and speed were far beyond those of 
Fritz, and I hadn't thought anyone capable of replicating 
Fritz' movements. Daryl had come close on occasions but 
had never exceeded them. This RADAR Ranger had 
surpassed them easily; he also had expanded my image of 
the world of RADAR Rangers. For one thing, that world 
was more diversified than our small pack of three had led 
me to believe. Was this RADAR Ranger normal? Was 
the ranger on the Sonoma coast that abnormal? Had Fritz 
been aberrant? Was I?' I longed to know the answers to 
these mysteries.
Fish Gulch
"These thoughts replaced those childhood fantasies that 
had filled my head earlier in the morning. And all the 
while I hiked, I felt the presence of the other ranger 
tracking me, just beyond my sensory grasp. Along Taylor 
Trail past Sky Oaks Ranger Station to Lagunitas Trail, 
down Dam Trail, then across Bon Tempe dam. At the 
three-way intersection of Dam and Bon Tempe trails with 
Rocky Ridge Road, the will-o'-the-wisp ranger made 
another entrance, appearing just in time to cite two law-
breaking mountain bikers for riding the trail around the 
west side of the lake. Trail riding anywhere on the 
watershed is a serious offense," glared the RADAR 
Ranger at the mountain biker who no longer felt as 
comfortable as he had a few short moments before and 
whose fidgeting toe was now working its way into the 
widening hole between his feet under the oak table.
After an appropriately uncomfortable silence, the ranger 
continued. "This time, though, he waved at me when he 
was done writing out the citations. I was too far away to 
make out the exact meaning of the smirk on his face; it 
might have been a smile of contemplative pleasureQof a 
new level of self-realization achieved through public 
serviceQor it could have been an arrogant leer directed 
at me. I hoped for the former; I did not want this RADAR 
Ranger to feel so territorial that I could never run with his 
pack. I wanted to talk with him, to communicate with 
him as one RADAR Ranger to another. I waved back, but 
he was gone before my arm reached the apogee of its 
movement.
"I continued around the west side of the lake along Bon 
Tempe Trail, losing myself to the purple prose of mottled 
light twisting through thick trees, eventually settling on 
trails made soft by months of vegetative fallout. Where 
the steep Stocking trail descended into Bon Tempe from 
Rocky Ridge, I angled left and continued along the north 
side of the lake, walking east towards Lake Lagunitas 
picnic area. The half-mile hike to Lake Lagunitas, whose 
overflow waters drain into Bon Tempe, was uneventful. I 
passed several hikers who, like all others I had 
encountered in the watershed, warmly returned my 
greeting and ignored my out-of-place partolman's 
uniform. Except for the strange behavior of the other 
RADAR Ranger, I felt at home in the watershed.
"Perhaps hoping to catch a glimpse of the will-o'-the-
wisp, I walked onto the large, open, paved parking lot at 
the entrance to Lake Lagunitas picnic area. Ambling 
along slowly, I cast careful glances in all directions, but 
could perceive nothing out of the ordinary in the 
peripherary of my vision. Several parked cars, picnickers 
carrying woven baskets of food into the grove, large, 
black-winged crows circling hungrily overhead I 
nothing to raise the thin veil of suspicion in my mind.
"I continued on up the paved entry road away from the 
picnic area. At the top of the road, I decided to head 
down Fish Gulch fire protection road into the Phoenix 
Lake basin. An eighth-of-a-mile further along the 
macadam brought me to the head of the dirt road. Careful 
to keep my feet from rolling out from under me on the 
loose rocks and pebbles that coat the upper portion of the 
steep road, I began the slow descent. The wall of the 
narrow ravine along which the protection road runs is 
precipitous and overgrown with trees. The murky 
opposite wall also is enshrouded in tall, thick foilage and, 
close as it is to the first wall, creates the impression of an 
enclosed, high vaulted passageway. The trees' upper 
canopies do not come together; in fact, they are some 
distance apart, but the impression is one of an enclosure. 
As a kid, I always avoided Fish Gulch at night; it was 
unsettling how easily the darkness played eerie tunes on 
my nerves. I half expected some night beast to leap out at 
me from somewhere just beyond my vision and I well, 
I'm getting carried away because what I'm describing 
took place a little after noon and I was an adult and didn't 
really have to worry about ghouls and vampires.
"Not watching the road surface as intently as I should 
have while cutting to my right around a sharp bend, I lost 
my wobbly legs to a patch of loose gravel and slipped to 
the ground in an undignified sitting position. I sat there 
on the hard-packed road amid the bits of rocks for a 
while, letting the sting work its way out of my bare 
hands. The small, irregularly shaped red impressions in 
my palms were still screeching at me when I heard itQ
the sound of gravel crunching into the road just ahead of 
me. This time the sound was not an echo of anything I 
had done; the pebbles dislodged by my falling body had 
already reestablished residence elsewhere on the road and 
were quiet.
"The grating and rasping of rock continued toward me 
from the invisible source on the other side of the bend, 
and I tried to coordinate the contracting and stretching of 
muscle pairs in my legs, back, and arms to right myself to 
a standing position, but my mind wasn't sending out the 
proper array of signals. I could not get up. The clash of 
approaching rock grew louder, then the knobby tire and 
spoked rim of a mountain bike slipped around the corner. 
The strength left my arms and stomach muscles, and my 
torso toppled backwards to join my butt and legs on the 
gravelly road.
" 'You ok?' half-gasped, half-grinned the mountain biker 
as he pedaled slowly around my left side. His breathing 
was labored and annoyingly loudQit did not belong in 
the watershed and I would have told him so had I not 
been in such a compromising position. 'Yes, I'm fine.' I 
winced as flecks of sweat flew off his flushed face and 
peppered my own and the road behind it. 'Good' he 
wheezed and continued his grunting ordeal up the road, 
around the bend, and out of sight.
"My strength returned to me quickly once I was free of 
the biker's gasping and hacking, and I resumed a more 
cautious descent of Fish Gulch. As I approached the 
bottom, less than one-third of a mile from where the 
cyclist had passed, it dawned on me that if mountain 
bikers were foolish enough to attack such a steep fire 
road, they, in turn, would certainly be foolish enough to 
descend it. The potential for breaking the law was great. 
So I placed myself in nearby greenery, out of view of 
anyone descending the protection road, but still able to 
monitor it myself. I was close to the outlet and hoped I 
no, I knew I the other RADAR Ranger would appear 
should the law be broken. I kept both my hiding place 
and my silence for nearly thirty minutes before I heard 
the tell tale sounds of rubber pushing aside rock, the 
rattle of loose metal fittings, and the scream of wind over 
a nylon wind shell. The speeding cyclist was in the open 
and just applying her SLR cantilever, low profile, two-
finger-lever type brakes when the other RADAR Ranger 
materialized, standing in front of the still moving bike 
with legs spread and his K-15 in one outstretched hand.
"I was about to reveal myself when the most amazing 
sequence of events occurred. Before the cyclist had a 
chance to get off her bike and face the ranger, a second 
ranger appeared at the side of the first and pushed his 
RADAR gun down with a flurry of speed. Holding the 
will-o'-the-wisp at bay, the new ranger's head cocked in 
my direction and I could clearly see a wink of the eye, as 
if to say, 'This is your law breaker, take her.' Then the 
two rangers disappeared! The entire scene lasted no 
longer than a split second.
"Maintaining as much of my RADAR Ranger composure 
as I could, I walked over to the confused cyclist, who had 
not seen the second ranger materialize, but who was still 
shaking her head, trying to understand what had 
happened to the RADAR Ranger she thought she had 
seen. I ignored her puzzled looks and proceeded to write 
up the ticket. As I did so, I caught momentary glimpses 
of the still struggling RADAR Rangers, first on the north 
side of the protection road, then on the south. They were 
stationary characters flashing on and off the road at a rate 
too fast for normal human eyes to see, lingering only as 
ghostly afterimages on my retina. My eyes darted back 
and forth from the citation book to these image bursts 
several times before I completed the information needed 
by the legal system to collect its money. I handed the 
filled-out ticket to the mountain biker and watched as she 
rode off in the direction of Phoenix Lake, most likely to 
leave the watershed through Natalie Coffin Green Park 
and return home to find comfort from friends and family. 
As for me, I stood my ground.
"More afterimages imprinted themselves on my optic 
nerve, but the frequency of their appearances was 
dimensioning. Soon they stopped altogether, and I found 
myself standing alone in the middle of the intersection of 
Fish Gulch, Phoenix Lake, and Eldridge fire protection 
roads. But not for long: the second RADAR Ranger 
flicked on beside me, smiling and breathing as if she had 
just awakened from a relaxing nap."
April June
At the implied gender of this second ranger, the mountain 
biker sat up straight and muttered, "She?"
"Yes," rejoined the RADAR Ranger, "She. Slightly taller 
than me, she tilted her head down to look at me with steel 
grey eyes that projected an understanding and 
compassion that I had been longing to see in another 
RADAR Ranger's face. She apologized for the behavior 
of her companion, explaining that 'Willy's upset, been so 
ever since his partner headed up the Sonoma coast a 
couple days agoQset out to establish his own pack. 
You're also an unknown element to him, so he's trying to 
mark his territory, letting you know exactly what your 
limits are.'
" 'But he set his limits everywhere I went,' I protested 
mildly, not wanting to upset this RADAR Ranger with 
whom I felt a strong and immediate rapport.
" 'Willy can get carried away with his enthusiasm for 
public service, I agree,' she answered in a sympathetic 
tone. 'But please, try to understand his current state of 
mind and don't think too harshly of him.'
"I smiled outwardly to her, knodding my head in 
agreement. 'Well, I can hardly blame him. With so many 
offending bicyclists riding the watershed, I can 
empathsize with his desire and enthusiasm to uphold the 
law. Bringing down mountain bikers seems so natural 
here,' I admitted, thinking of the less than natural chaos 
and turmoil on Highway 101.
"She returned my smile, then said, 'Do you know where 
Sir Francis Drake Boulevard climbs the hill between 
Fairfax and Woodacre?' When I answered in the 
affirmative, she continued. 'At the top of the pass, you'll 
find a fire protection road on the left side of the street. 
Follow that road on foot until you come to the boarded 
entrance of an old railroad tunnel. There's an opening 
among the boards that you can crawl through. Once 
you're in the tunnel, you'll be able to find usQall the 
mountain's RADAR Rangers will be there. We have 
much to talk about. Be there tonight at 10 o'clock.' She 
stopped talking and handed me her business card."
"What did it say?" asked the mountain biker, unable to 
contain his curiosity.
"In bold, raised letters on the white surface of the card 
were printed the words, 'April June, Head Ranger, Mt. 
Tamalpais Watershed.'"
Tunnel
"I returned to the cruiser at sundown a few minutes 
before Daryl. Intenting to surprise him with my good 
news, I kept as straight a face as I could when he 
approached. 'Any luck?' I asked, the excitement I felt 
hardening my abdominal muscles in a painful squeeze.
" 'I must have hiked a hundred miles,' he replied slowly 
with a long, drawn-out drawl. 'I covered the northeast 
side of the watershed I Yolanda, Six Points, Hidden 
Meadow, Phoenix, Tucker, Eldridge, Hoo-Koo-E-Koo, 
Wheeler I I can't remember all the names, there were so 
many of them. And not a single RADAR RangerQI 
didn't see one solitary ranger! '
" 'I'm sorry you didn't have any success, Daryl, but I' I 
started to say when he cut me short.
" 'No, no, Gordon, I'm not saying I didn't have any 
success. I'm just saying that I didn't actually see a ranger. 
But I did feel their presence I it's hard to explain, but it's 
like when someone is staring at you from behind and you 
can almost feel the energy of the stare, but when you turn 
around, you don't see anyone. That's the way it was today 
out on the watershed. I think they're just checking us out 
before they take us in. I bet that by tomorrow afternoon 
we'll have made contact.'
" 'Not tomorrow afternoon, Daryl,' I said, my words 
floating to him on the back of a low pitched laugh my 
stomach could no longer hold in. 'Tonight I we're going 
to meet them tonight!' And I related my encounters of 
that day. He stood there spellbound and speechless, only 
a slow upward twist of the corners of his mouth and a 
lifting of shagging eyebrows betraying his feelings. 
When I was done talking, I showed him the business card 
with April June's name and title emblazoned on it.
" 'My God, Gordon,' he managed after a heavy silence, 
'we've made contact with a functioning pack of RADAR 
Rangers. And from what you say, they appear whole and 
well, not like that stray creature we discovered at Fort 
Ross. This is marvelous! Mt. Tamalpais may very well 
turn out to be the source from which we all originated I 
we'll find out tonight for sure.' I listened to Daryl 
speculate about our history and origins until the redish 
glow of the LEDs on the cruiser's digital clock showed 
9:30 p.m. The abandoned railroad tunnel was a short 
drive from Deer Park and we set out with our thirty-
minute headstart to verify Daryl's excited speculations.
"Traffic on Sir Francis Drake Boulevard was light and we 
cruised to the top of the hill without another set of 
headlights pushing the darkness from our windshield or 
reflecting off side view mirrors. Like the current, popular 
female bald strip that knifes over the dome of the head, 
leaving two erect, tall outcroppings of hair on either side, 
the boulevard cut deeply into the summit. But instead of 
colorful tattoos portraying sleeping dragons or fighting 
dogs, the two sheer, man-made cliffs on either side of 
Drake were separated by a hard, black layer of asphalt 
with two double yellow lines running down the middle. 
Daryl parked the car on a broad shoulder to the right of 
the lined asphalt, close to the true summit. As we 
hurriedly climbed out of the Mustang and started to move 
away from it, I stepped back and reached around the open 
door with my left hand and grabbed the spotlight from its 
metal clip holder on the dashboard. The halogen lamp 
clear of the door, I slammed it shut with my right hand 
and ran across the roadway to catch up with Daryl.
"I ran the spotlight left to right along the uneven cut of 
cliff facing us. A sheer rock wall unveiled itself under the 
wavering yellow light, but without trace of a protection 
road entrance. I played the light further to the right, and 
then we both saw it at the same time. Thirty yards from 
the peak, where the slope of the hill broke away from the 
vertical and started its quick descent, a jagged outline in 
the top edge of the rock wall indicated the continuation of 
an ancient, higher roadbed. That roadway obviously was 
much older than Sir Francis Drake Boulevard for its 
earthen foundation had been cut out from underneath it to 
make way for the newer thoroughfare. I scrambled up the 
rocky embankment behind Daryl, easily finding hand and 
foot holds. We pushed our way through the low 
undergrowth that partially concealed the roadbed's 
outline on the edge of the machine-made cliff and started 
down the hillside.
"To either side of the fading road, the halogen beam 
revealed twisted copses of scrub oaks, gnarled madrones, 
and rocky outcroppings whose shadows danced willingly 
with the light. The ghostly performance closely 
mimicked the excitement I felt and its rhythm the beat of 
my heart. One hundred-fifty yards from where we 
climbed onto the forgotten roadway, an impression the 
width of a railroad sidetrack angled sharply away from 
our path and ran toward a small hillock to the left. We 
detoured our descent to match the direction of this 
discovery and walked fifteen yards where, immediately 
to our left, a crisscrossing jumble of boards several 
stories high and two-car-lengths wide struggled to 
conceal a black hole emerging from yet another slash in 
the hillside. Judging by the splintery decay and smell of 
spoilage in the lumber, the tunnel had been closed and 
left unattended for 100 or more years. But not all 
creatures could be kept out: near the top of the edifice, 
where the boards did not quite reach the craggy rock 
ceiling of the tunnel, a bird's nest of woven twigs, grass, 
and roadside litter balanced precariously, its occupants 
long gone but sure to return the following spring. And 
directly below the nest, at ground level, a gap between 
two boards was just as sure to lead to a pack of RADAR 
Rangers who were expecting us that very evening.
Labyrinth
"Without discussing our next course of action, Daryl and 
I took turns slithering through the waiting gap, first 
lifting one leg over the bottom board and bringing it 
down on the dirt floor behind, then balancing carefully on 
that leg while we each eased our torso and remaining leg 
through. When my trailing hand and the spotlight it 
clutched joined us in the darkness, I pushed the switch on 
the plastic case down and the beam flashed on. Ahead of 
us stretched the tunnel on a downward slant, back in the 
direction we had just come from. If we followed it for 
one hundred-fifty yards, our position would be parallel to 
the parked Mustang, only five or ten feet lower. Of 
course, several hundred tons of rock and dirt would 
prevent us from seeing the car. Accompanied only by the 
whisper of cloth and the scrape of shoes, we moved 
forward. At any moment, we expected a RADAR Ranger 
to appear and lead us to the rest of the pack, answering 
our questions as we eagerly followed and telling us of our 
history. But one, two, then three minutes of silence 
passed and still no RADAR Ranger.
"Daryl was the first to break our silence. 'Are you sure 
this is the right tunnel? Could there be another one April 
June meant?'
" 'No, I don't think so,' I answered, pausing just long 
enough to hear my words bounce off the encircling rock 
walls. 'This is the only tunnel I'm aware of on this side of 
the mountain. April June described this tunnel, not 
another one. This is where we're suppose to be,' and we 
walked on. Fifty yards further down the slope, the beam 
of the spotlight exposed the entrance to a side passage. 
Without hesitating, Daryl turned left into this dark alley 
way, motioning me to follow. I stepped into the narrow, 
low-ceiling corridor and fell into step behind him. He 
marched ahead with a confident stride, my mounting 
claustrophobia keeping me in close synch with his every 
movement. Daryl didn't appear the least bit worried, 
orchestrating our journey through the murky labyrinth as 
if he'd followed its pathways one hundred times before. 
When I questioned him about our descent into the interior 
of the hill, he said not to worry, that his RADAR Ranger 
sense of direction had taken over and was guiding us to 
the other rangers."
"RADAR Ranger sense of direction?" the mountain biker 
asked, absentmindedly inserting his right foot, up to the 
top of the waterproof Neoprene (TM) socks he wore, into 
the splintered hole underneath the table.
"All rangers have it, although it's more developed in 
some than in others. Put a RADAR Ranger at the fork in 
a trail and show him the helmet a mountain biker wore or 
let him smell his riding socks, and that ranger can follow 
the mountain biker to his current location, regardless of 
how long ago the cyclist passed by. My sense of direction 
wasn't as fully developed as Daryl's then, so I trusted his 
skill to find the others."
"How's your sense of direction now?" asked the mountain 
biker, looking up sheepishly at the RADAR Ranger while 
his right foot worked quietly to widen the hole.
"Fully developed," smiled the RADAR Ranger, showing 
off the gold cap on his lower right bicuspid. "But Daryl 
was leading that night and I was following. He didn't 
need the beam from the spotlight to find his way, but I 
was in no mind to turn it off. If I had been thinking more 
conservatively, I would have switched it off because 
within twenty minutes of entering the tunnel, the bulb 
burned out and we were left standing in an oppressively 
thick darkness. Only Daryl's confidence kept me from 
suffocating in my own fright I his confidence and the 
light that crackled from the matches he struck every so 
often to confirm his bearings. He turned right and left 
seemingly at random. At times the passageways were so 
wide that I couldn't touch either wall with my arms 
outspread. At other times, they were so narrow and low, 
we had to stoop at the waist to get through.
"Once, for ten miserable minutes, we had to slither along 
on our bellies, Daryl leading of course, me with my nose 
close to his heels. When we reached the end of this low 
tunnel, we turned into another with a diameter large 
enough to allow us to move forward on our hands and 
knees. This tunnel ran at an oblique angle to the one we 
had just been in, and we followed it until we could stand 
up comfortably again. Daryl lit a match and we saw yet 
another narrow tunnel flicker ahead of us on a downward 
slant. The ceiling of this one was hanging with drooping 
spider webs, some dangling alone, others clustered in 
dusty shrouds. Staring at them gave me a chill, and I 
looked down at a floor covered with thick mold. Daryl's 
match guttered, then died and we were covered with 
darkness, but this time I was thankful because it blocked 
from view the ancient tunnel's hoary vestments.
"I was about to ask Daryl if he knew how much further 
we had to go when I jumped back, a pressure bearing 
down on my shoulder. 'Shhhhh,' he whispered and fell 
silent, the full weight of his hand still resting where he 
had placed it on my shoulder. I remained rooted next to 
him, the hairs on the nape of my neck bristling. 
SomewhereQin front or behind, I couldn't tell whichQa 
faint noise floated to us. Daryl listened a moment or two 
longer, then grabbed my arm and pulled me forward into 
the unholy tunnel. A veil of cobwebs seized my face and 
I wiped at them desperately with my free hand. In my 
blind panic, I breathed several of the dusty strands into 
my nose and began coughing. Daryl stopped, and I could 
hear his feet slide over the slippery floor as he turned 
around to face me. A movement of air rushed past my 
right ear and I flew forward into him, the smack of his 
hand on my upper back throwing me off balance. We 
both tumbled into the moldy goo on the floor, the impact 
completely dislodging from my throat the cobwebs 
Daryl's unexpected and unsettling swat had failed to 
move.
" 'Sorry, I wanted to stop your coughs before I' he was 
saying to me when another sound descended on us.
" 'Fritz, where's Fritz? What have you done to Fritz?' 
Then, 'I'm coming to get youuuuu.'"
"Daryl was on his feet, pulling me to my own before I 
could muster the strength to cry out, 'Who are you? What 
do you want with us?'
" 'Get a hold of yourself I act like a RADAR Ranger!' 
he shouted and headed deeper into the tunnel with me in 
tow. Behind us I could hear soft panting and the shadowy 
scrape of boots over the slimy chamber floor, then 'I 
coming to get youuuuu.' I accelerated into RADAR 
Ranger speed and shot past Daryl, his hand still grasping 
my arm. Behind us, footsteps quickened to match our 
own, the words moving in a steady stream past my ears: 
'Fritz, where is Fritz? What have you done to Fritz? 
Where I' Ahead of me the tunnel continued to slope 
downward, 'to hell?' I wondered. As if to bear out my 
fears, a faint glow filled the far end of the shaft. 'The fires 
of hell?' Possibly, but I kept running forward, convinced 
that I had a better chance in the nether world than with 
the night beast behind us.
"The strange radiance grew brighter and revealed a tunnel 
that was expanding in all directions. Our legs carried us 
into the middle of the chamber whose gently curved 
walls rose to a height much greater than that of the old 
train tunnel we had first entered. I could only see the 
peak of this ceiling by craning back my neck at a sharp 
angle. A diameter of fifty feet spanned the base of 
upcurving walls and added to the impressive size. 
Directly in front of us, the chamber narrowed into 
another shaft and it was for that dark hole that I headed. 
Daryl, however, pulled me back and pointed at an 
elaborately sculpted archway to our immediate left. Two 
huge wooden doors, each hung to one side, filled the 
opening. 
" 'That's where they are,' he said. 'Behind those doors.' 
We sprinted for them, but before we could lift our fists to 
alert those within that we were present, a figure suddenly 
appeared next to us. Tall and gaunt, he wore the uniform 
of a Mt. Tamalpais RADAR Ranger. It was the will-o'-
the-wisp who had haunted me on the watershed earlier in 
the day. Walking menacingly towards us, he chanted in 
his flat voice, 'Fritz, where's Fritz? What have you done 
to Fritz?' Willy's eyes were blank, and he reminded me of 
the RADAR Ranger on the Sonoma coast. The world of 
RADAR Rangers had once again been reduced to a 
confrontation with a mindless creature, this time in a 
subterranean chamber from hell. 'There is no RADAR 
Ranger pack on Tam we can join,' I thought. 'There are 
no packs anywhere.' The whole series of events that day 
had been a dreadful illusion. We were alone again.
"Having resigned myself to an unending lifetime in hell 
in that one instant, I shook myself loose from Daryl's 
grasp and steeled myself for whatever misery was to 
come. Willy's rough hands were descending over my 
head when the double doors behind us sprang open and 
April June stepped between us. 'You're late,' she said, 
then calmly shuffled Willy through the open doors into 
the next room. Daryl and I exchanged puzzled glances, 
then followed after the mindless ranger."
Pack
"The room was large, but not as large as the chamber we 
had just come through. Unlike that outside chamber, this 
room's obvious source of luminescence were four 100 
watt light bulbs, each hanging from the twelve-foot-high 
ceiling on steel chains. Lamp shades woven from rattan 
diffused the glare of the bulbs' energy, and the room had 
a warm, friendly feeling to it. Including April June and 
Willy, seven RADAR Rangers flanked the walls, each 
looking at Daryl and me with less than friendly stares. 
April June was the first to speak.
" 'I apologize again for Willy's behavior,' she said, 'but I 
expected you much earlier. Had you taken the second 
shaft off the main railroad tunnel instead of the first, you 
could have walked down the staircase directly to this 
room.'
" 'Second shaft? Staircase?' I repeated, looking at Daryl 
who merely shrugged his shoulders.
" 'We built the stairway to avoid the maze you found 
yourselves in tonight,' explained April June. 'Willy 
wandered away while we were waiting, and you know 
the rest.'
" 'Why was Willy mumbling on about Fritz like that?' 
asked Daryl. 'How do you know about Fritz, anyway?'
"April June stared at Daryl for long moments with her 
cold, steel grey eyes. Several of the RADAR Rangers 
shifted their positions uneasily against the wall during the 
lull, causing both Daryl and myself to nervously look 
around. Of the seven present, all were men except for one 
other female. 'RADAR Rangers are pack animals,' April 
June finally spoke. 'I think you know that already. We 
work and live as a team and have a special bond among 
us. It's not telepathy, but we're able to keep track of the 
whereabouts and needs of our members. When you 
neutralized Fritz, we all felt it, but it was too late for us to 
do anything for him.'
" 'Was Fritz a member of this pack?' a subdued Daryl 
asked.
" 'Yes, he was. But he wasn't content with bringing down 
bicycles to uphold the law. He wanted to bring down 
larger and more powerful vehicles.'
" 'Like cars, trucks, vans, motorhomes, and big rigs?' I 
couldn't help but interrupt.
" 'Yes,' nodded the head RADAR Ranger. 'Like cars, 
trucks, vans, motorhomes, and big rigs. From the very 
beginning, he was fascinated with engines and motors. 
'Bicycles,' he often told us, 'depress me.' When he strayed 
from the watershed into the headlands and brought down 
State officials in their pickup trucks, I knew that 
something had to be done. That's when I asked him if 
he'd like to establish his own pack where the big vehicles 
ran. Of course, he said 'yes' and that's how he came to the 
Highway 101 corridor between Novato and the Golden 
Gate Bridge.'
" 'Is that when he made me into a RADAR Ranger?' I 
asked, feeling less timid as April June talked.
" 'You were the first member of his pack, yes. We all 
figured Fritz had chosen well when he picked youQyou 
were already an upholder of the law, of sorts, and only 
needed to have your natural instincts fully awakened. 
Unfortunately, it was after he had converted you that 
Fritz learned of the ill-fated episode with your sister. The 
mental anguish you suffered interfered with the natural 
process of reshaping you into a RADAR Ranger. 
Regardless of Fritz' efforts, you were unable to cope with 
the high horse-powered, fast-paced law breakers of 
Highway 101.'
" 'And Daryl?' I pushed further. 'Fritz changed Daryl 
because he was dissatisfied with me?'
"April June smiled a knowledgeable smile. 'Your human 
emotions are strong, aren't they?' she laughed and the 
other rangers in the room relaxed noticeably, mimicking 
her laughter. 'No, Gordon, he wasn't dissatisfied with 
you. He was saddened that the first of his pack did not 
share in his delight for bringing down big vehicles. By 
nature, we prefer to hunt in packs, but hunting as a lone 
predator is tolerable as long as we have the pack to return 
to. Fritz was able to hunt alone as long as he did because 
he was comfortable with you as a pack member. 
However, when the pressures of being a lone predator 
became too great, he found Daryl and converted him.'"
"April June paused in her narration, the smile on her lips 
still comforting me. There was a question I wanted 
answered and during that pause I carefully selected the 
words to ask it. 'Fritz was always angry with me,' I 
started, 'and his anger seemed to escalate as time passed. 
Did I provoke him into those dark moods?'
"More laughter from the head ranger and her pack. 'Fritz 
was an actor, a chameleon of sorts, just like Willy here,' 
she explained, tapping the will-o'-the-wisp on his back. 
'In fact, Fritz and Willy used to run as a pair before his 
departure. No, Fritz wasn't insanely mad at you I he was 
acting out his fantasies, playing the tough guy. He had an 
anger deep inside him, but that was there before he 
changed you, and I don't think it surfaced as often as you 
imagine. Near the end, what you may have seen as anger 
was probably something closer to confusion. His pack 
was falling apart and he didn't know how to stop it. That 
was my fault.'
"I looked up at her in surprise. 'What do you mean your 
fault?'
" 'I let Fritz go too soon. He didn't know enough about 
being a RADAR Ranger to lead a pack. He was more of a 
pup than an adult when he left us. If I had held him back 
longer, I think he would have made it.'
" 'Where is Fritz now?' ventured Daryl who had been 
uncharacteristically quiet during April June's narration.
"At that question, the smiles faded from the lips of all the 
RADAR Rangers and I could see them nervously shifting 
their weight against the walls upon which they leaned. 
Again, April June answered. "Fritz sat in his patrol car 
just as you left him for over a day. By the time we got to 
him, it was too late.'"
"He did die, then, didn't he?" broke in the mountain 
biker.
"Neutralization doesn't kill us," answered the RADAR 
Ranger, "it strips away our RADAR Ranger nature, a fate 
worse than death. No, Fritz didn't die. Within weeks of 
his neutralization, he was hired as a State ranger at China 
Camp where he's still in charge of building and 
maintaining single tracks for mountain bicycles." The 
RADAR Ranger lowered his head in a moment of 
silence, his eyes clouded over by the painful memory. 
The mountain biker, in the meantime, had worked both 
his Durango (TM) SPD Compatible MTB shoes into the 
yawning hole at his feet. When the RADAR Ranger 
raised his head, the mountain biker looked at him and 
smiled weakly.
"Daryl was growing in confidence and next asked the 
question whose answer we had both longed for, the 
question that Fritz had been too immature to answer: 
'What are our origins?'"
Origins
" 'Before the late 1970s,' began April June without 
hesitation, 'very few bicycles were on the mountain. 
Young children pedaling on the lower slopes was all. 
Nothing like the chaos you see today. I was a regular 
ranger then, hired to keep the watershed in ecological 
balance while working with hikers and equestrians to 
satisfy their recreational needs. In the last few years of 
the '70s, a new element invaded the watershedQteenage 
delinquents and other lawless young adults riding single 
speed bicycles. Not satisfied with the lower slopes and 
unable to pedal the machines up the mountain easily, they 
packed their bikes into pickup trucks and drove to the 
upper ridges where they sped recklessly down single 
tracks and fire protection roads to the lower levels. You 
didn't have to be a RADAR Ranger I besides there 
weren't any yet I to know that racing a bicycle down a 
mountain dirt road was unnatural. Had anyone ever seen 
a deer or a squirrel race a bicycle on the watershed? Of 
course not, it just wasn't part of the natural order.'
" 'At that time, a popular descent for the growing band of 
law breakers was Cascade Canyon fire road. It branched 
off San Geronimo ridge and dropped into a Fairfax park 
where riders piled their bikes into waiting pickup trucks, 
drove back to the ridge and repeated the reckless process. 
I had heard about these high speed descents and drove 
over to the canyon early on a Saturday morning to see for 
myself. I arrived before any of the cyclists and hid in the 
bushes next to the end of the Canyon road. Sure enough, 
by 10 a.m. the cyclists started descending into the park, 
clouds of dust billowing out behind them, a crazed look 
in their eyes.'
" 'A few of these riders were so out of control, smoke 
billowed out of their rear wheel brakes. Smoke! Acrid 
smoke from burning grease was destroying the tranquility 
of that peaceful canyon. I even saw flames licking around 
the outer edges of the brake's metal housing. The dust, 
the noise, the smoke, the smell, the flamesQsomething 
physical in me, at the most basic cellular level, was 
turning, trying to put an end to this unnatural scene. My 
body was trembling violently, a cold sweat soaking 
through my ranger uniform.
" 'Then came the sight that crystalized the great change in 
me: an old guy, at least fifty-years-old, came barreling 
down Cascade Canyon, dust and smoke trailing behind 
his fat rear wheel. When he reached the bottom, he 
jumped off his bike, tossed some water onto the rear 
brake from a bottle of water, watched it sizzle the metal 
housing to coolness, then dismantled the brake and 
repacked it with new bearings. When he was done, 
someone along the side of the ride yelled to him, 'Heh, 
Bob, you ready to do it again?' and this old Bob guy nods 
his head 'yes' and throws his bike in the back of a waiting 
pickup and leaves for the ridge!'
"April June took a deep breath from her diaphragm, her 
chest expanding with the inrushing air. Holding it in for 
half a minute, she expelled the air out slowly through her 
dry, parted lips, and continued. 'Seeing the old guy 
perform his unnatural, mechanical ritual at the base of my 
mountain sealed the change. From that moment on, I 
have been what you see now.'"
The mountain biker's lower jaw hung open, a look of 
disbelief crossing his face. "April June, the mother of all 
RADAR Rangers!" he whistled.
"Yes," acknowledged the RADAR Ranger, "April June is 
the mother from which all RADAR Rangers have 
sprung."
"But how do you become I I mean, you were fully 
grown when I uh I I still don't understand how the rest 
of you I uh I do your springing from April June."
The RADAR Ranger pushed himself up off the chair 
again and walked back to the window he had been drawn 
to all evening. "April June said it was a lot like 
spontaneous combustion. When the conditions were 
right, people who had the basic ingredients for becoming 
creatures of higher actionQRADAR RangersQwould be 
changed by the lingering energy patterns from her own 
transformation. Those patterns would act as a template, 
setting up the change in the receptive cells of the 
