breathing  had  been sepulchral before, this time he sounded like
someone in Hades with bronchitis.
Arthur peered at the group and tried to make sense of what little
information he had at his disposal at this point.
The people in the group were clearly alien, if only because  they
seemed  a  little tall, thin, angular and almost as pale as to be
white, but otherwise they appeared remarkably pleasant; a  little
whimsical  perhaps, one wouldn't necessarily want to spend a long
coach journey with them, but the point was that if they  deviated
in any way from being good straightforward people it was in being
perhaps too nice rather than not nice enough.  So  why  all  this
rasping  lungwork  from  Slartibartfast  which  would  seem  more
appropriate to a radio commercial for one of  those  nasty  films
about chainsaw operators taking their work home with them?
Then, this Krikkit angle was a tough one, too.  He  hadn't  quite
fathomed the connection between what he knew as cricket, and what
Slartibartfast interrupted his train of thought at this point  as
if sensing what was going through his mind.
"The game you know as cricket," he  said,  and  his  voice  still
seemed  to  be  wandering lost in subterranean passages, "is just
one of those curious freaks  of  racial  memory  which  can  keep
images  alive in the mind aeons after their true significance has
been lost in the mists of time. Of all the races on  the  Galaxy,
only  the  English  could  possibly revive the memory of the most
horrific wars ever to sunder the Universe and transform  it  into
what I'm afraid is generally regarded as an incomprehensibly dull
and pointless game.
"Rather fond of it myself," he added, "but in most people's  eyes
you  have  been  inadvertently  guilty  of the most grotesque bad
taste. Particularly the bit about the little red ball hitting the
wicket, that's very nasty."
"Um," said Arthur with a reflective frown to  indicate  that  his
cognitive  synapses  were coping with this as best as they could,
"um."
"And  these,"  said  Slartibartfast,  slipping  back  into  crypt
guttural  and  indicating  the  group  of Krikkit men who had now
walked past them, "are the ones who started it all, and  it  will
start tonight. Come, we will follow, and see why."
They slipped out from  underneath  the  tree,  and  followed  the
cheery party along the dark hill path. Their natural instinct was
to tread quietly and  stealthily  in  pursuit  of  their  quarry,
though,   as   they   were  simply  walking  through  a  recorded
Informational Illusion, they could as easily  have  been  wearing
euphoniums  and  woad  for all the notice their quarry would have
taken of them.
Arthur noticed that a couple of members of  the  party  were  now
singing  a  different  song. It came lilting back to them through
the soft night air, and was a sweet romantic ballad  which  would
have netted McCartney Kent and Sussex and enabled him to put in a
fair offer for Hampshire.
"You must surely know," said Slartibartfast to Ford, "what it  is
that is about to happen?"
"Me?" said Ford. "No."
"Did you not learn Ancient  Galactic  History  when  you  were  a
child?"
"I was in the cybercubicle behind Zaphod,"  said  Ford,  "it  was
very  distracting.  Which  isn't  to say that I didn't learn some
pretty stunning things."
At this point Arthur noticed a curious feature to the  song  that
the party were singing. The middle eight bridge, which would have
had  McCartney  firmly  consolidated  in  Winchester  and  gazing
intently  over  the  Test  Valley to the rich pickings of the New
Forest beyond,  had  some  curious  lyrics.  The  songwriter  was
referring to meeting with a girl not "under the moon" or "beneath
the stars" but "above the grass", which struck  Arthur  a  little
prosaic.  Then  he  looked up again at the bewildering black sky,
and had the distinct feeling that there was  an  important  point
here,  if  only he could grasp what it was. It gave him a feeling
of being alone in the Universe, and he said so.
"No," said Slartibartfast, with a slight quickening of his  step,
"the  people  of Krikkit have never thought to themselves `We are
alone in the Universe.' They are surrounded by a huge Dust Cloud,
you  see,  their  single  sun with its single world, and they are
right out on the utmost eastern edge of the  Galaxy.  Because  of
the  Dust  Cloud there has never been anything to see in the sky.
At night it is totally blank, During the day there  is  the  sun,
but  you  can't  look  directly  at  that so they don't. They are
hardly aware of the sky. It's as if they had a blind  spot  which
extended 180 degrees from horizon to horizon.
"You see, the reason why they have never thought `We are alone in
the  Universe'  is  that  until tonight they don't know about the
Universe. Until tonight."
He moved on, leaving the words ringing in the air behind him.
"Imagine," he said, "never even thinking `We  are  alone'  simply
because  it  has  never occurred to you to think that there's any
other way to be."
He moved on again.
"I'm afraid this is going to be a little unnerving," he added.
As he spoke, they became aware of a very thin roaring scream high
up  in  the  sightless  sky  above  them. They glanced upwards in
alarm, but for a moment or two could see nothing.
Then Arthur noticed that the people in the party in front of them
had heard the noise, but that none of them seemed to know what to
so  with  it.   They   were   glancing   around   themselves   in
consternation,  left,  right,  forwards,  backwards,  even at the
ground. It never occurred to them to look upwards.
The profoundness of the shock and  horror  they  emanated  a  few
moments  later  when  the  burning  wreckage  of a spaceship came
hurtling and screaming out of the sky and crashed  about  half  a
mile  from where they were standing was something that you had to
be there to experience.
Some speak of the Heart of Gold in  hushed  tones,  some  of  the
Starship Bistromath.
Many speak of the legendary  and  gigantic  Starship  Titanic,  a
majestic  and  luxurious  cruise-liner  launched  from  the great
shipbuilding asteroid complexes of Artifactovol some hundreds  of
years ago now, and with good reason.
It was  sensationally  beautiful,  staggeringly  huge,  and  more
pleasantly  equipped than any ship in what now remains of history
(see note below on the Campaign for Real Time)  but  it  had  the
misfortune to be built in the very earliest days of Improbability
Physics,  long  before  this  difficult  and  cussed  branch   of
knowledge was fully, or at all, understood.
The designers and engineers decided, in their innocence, to build
a  prototype  Improbability  Field  into  it,  which  was  meant,
supposedly, to ensure that  it  was  Infinitely  Improbable  that
anything would ever go wrong with any part of the ship.
They did not realize that because  of  the  quasi-reciprocal  and
circular  nature of all Improbability calculations, anything that
was Infinitely Improbable was  actually  very  likely  to  happen
almost immediately.
The Starship Titanic was a monstrously pretty  sight  as  it  lay
beached  like  a silver Arcturan Megavoidwhale amongst the laser-
lit tracery of its construction gantries, a  brilliant  cloud  of
pins   and   needles  of  light  against  the  deep  interstellar
blackness; but when launched, it did not even manage to  complete
its  very  first  radio  message  -  an SOS - before undergoing a
sudden and gratuitous total existence failure.
However, the same event which saw the disastrous failure  of  one
science  in its infancy also witnessed the apotheosis of another.
It was conclusively proven that more  people  watched  the  tri-d
coverage  of  the  launch  than actually existed at the time, and
this has now been recognized as the greatest achievement ever  in
the science of audience research.
Another spectacular media event of that time  was  the  supernova
which  the  star Ysllodins underwent a few hours later. Ysllodins
is the star around which most of  the  Galaxy's  major  insurance
underwriters live, or rather lived.
But whilst these spaceships, and other great ones which  come  to
mind,  such  as  the Galactic Fleet Battleships - the GSS Daring,
the GSS Audacy and the GSS Suicidal Insanity - are all spoken  of
with  awe,  pride,  enthusiasm,  affection,  admiration,  regret,
jealousy, resentment, in fact most of the better known  emotions,
the one which regularly commands the most actual astonishment was
Krikkit One, the first spaceship ever  built  by  the  people  of
Krikkit. This is not because it was a wonderful ship. It wasn't.
It was a crazy piece of near junk. It looked as if  it  had  been
knocked up in somebody's backyard, and this was in fact precisely
where it had been knocked up. The  astonishing  thing  about  the
ship  was  not  that  it was one well (it wasn't) but that it was
done at all. The period of time which  had  elapsed  between  the
moment  that  the people of Krikkit had discovered that there was
such a thing as space and the launching of their first  spaceship
was almost exactly a year.
Ford Prefect was extremely grateful, as he strapped  himself  in,
that  this  was  just another Informational Illusion, and that he
was therefore completely safe. In real life it wasn't a  ship  he
would have set foot in for all the rice wine in China. "Extremely
rickety" was one phrase which sprang to mind, and "Please  may  I
get out?" was another.
"This is going to fly?" said Arthur, giving gaunt looks,  at  the
lashed-together  pipework  and wiring which festooned the cramped
interior of the ship.
Slartibartfast  assured  him  that  it  would,  that  they   were
perfectly  safe  and  that  it  was  all  going  to  be extremely
instructive and not a little harrowing.
Ford and Arthur decided just to relax and be harrowed.
"Why not," said Ford, "go mad?"
In front of  them  and,  of  course,  totally  unaware  of  their
presence  for  the  very  good  reason that they weren't actually
there, were the three pilots. They had also constructed the ship.
They  had  been  on  the  hill  path that night singing wholesome
heartwarming songs. Their brains had been very slightly turned by
the  nearby  crash  of  the alien spaceship. They had spent weeks
stripping every tiniest last secret out of the wreckage  of  that
burnt-up  spaceship,  all  the  while  singing lilting spaceship-
stripping ditties. They had then built their own  ship  and  this
was  it.  This  was their ship, and they were currently singing a
little  song  about  that  too,  expressing  the  twin  joys   of
achievement  and ownership. The chorus was a little poignant, and
told of their sorrow that their work  had  kept  them  such  long
hours  in  the  garage,  away from the company of their wives and
children, who had missed them terribly but had kept them cheerful
by  bringing  them  continual stories of how nicely the puppy was
growing up.
Pow, they took off.
They roared into the sky like a ship that knew precisely what  it
was doing.
"No way," said Ford a while later after they had  recovered  from
the  shock  of  acceleration,  and  were  climbing  up out of the
planet's atmosphere, "no way," he repeated, "does  anyone  design
and  build a ship like this in a year, no matter how motivated. I
don't believe it. Prove it to me and I still won't  believe  it."
He  shook  his  head thoughtfully and gazed out of a tiny port at
the nothingness outside it.
The trip passed uneventfully  for  a  while,  and  Slartibartfast
fastwound them through it.
Very quickly, therefore, they arrived at the inner  perimeter  of
the  hollow,  spherical Dust Cloud which surrounded their sun and
home planet, occupying, as it were, the next orbit out.
It was more as if there was a gradual change in the  texture  and
consistency of space. The darkness seemed now to thrum and ripple
past them. It was a very cold darkness, a very  blank  and  heavy
darkness, it was the darkness of the night sky of Krikkit.
The coldness and heaviness and blankness of it took a  slow  grip
on  Arthur's  heart, and he felt acutely aware of the feelings of
the Krikkit pilots which hung in the  air  like  a  thick  static
charge.  They  were  now  on  the very boundary of the historical
knowledge of their race. This was the  very  limit  beyond  which
none  of  them  had ever speculated, or even known that there was
any speculation to be done.
The darkness of the cloud buffeted at the ship.  Inside  was  the
silence  of  history.  Their  historic mission was to find out if
there was anything or anywhere on the other side of the sky, from
which the wrecked spaceship could have come, another world maybe,
strange and incomprehensible  though  this  thought  was  to  the
enclosed minds of those who had lived beneath the sky of Krikkit.
History was gathering itself to deliver another blow.
Still  the  darkness  thrummed  at  them,  the  blank   enclosing
darkness.  It  seemed  closer  and  closer,  thicker and thicker,
heavier and heavier. And suddenly it was gone.
They flew out of the cloud.
They saw the staggering jewels of the  night  in  their  infinite
dust and their minds sang with fear.
For a while they flew on, motionless against the starry sweep  of
the  Galaxy,  itself motionless against the infinite sweep of the
Universe. And then they turned round.
"It'll have to go," the men of Krikkit said as they  headed  back
for home.
On the way back they sang a  number  of  tuneful  and  reflective
songs  on  the  subjects  of  peace,  justice, morality, culture,
sport, family life and the obliteration of all other life forms.
=================================================================
Chapter 13
"So  you  see,"  said   Slartibartfast,   slowly   stirring   his
artificially  constructed  coffee,  and thereby also stirring the
whirlpool interfaces between real and unreal numbers, between the
interactive perceptions of mind and Universe, and thus generating
the restructured matrices  of  implicitly  enfolded  subjectivity
which  allowed  his  ship to reshape the very concept of time and
space, "how it is."
"Yes," said Arthur.
"Yes," said Ford.
"What do I do," said Arthur, "with this piece of chicken?"
Slartibartfast glanced at him gravely.
"Toy with it," he said, "toy with it."
He demonstrated with his own piece.
Arthur did so, and felt  the  slight  tingle  of  a  mathematical
function  thrilling  through  the  chicken  leg as it moved four-
dimensionally through what Slartibartfast  had  assured  him  was
five-dimensional space.
"Overnight,"  said  Slartibartfast,  "the  whole  population   of
Krikkit   was   transformed   from  being  charming,  delightful,
intelligent ..."
"... if whimsical ..." interpolated Arthur.
"...  ordinary  people,"  said  Slartibartfast,  "into  charming,
delightful, intelligent ..."
"... whimsical ..."
"... manic xenophobes. The idea of a  Universe  didn't  fit  into
their  world picture, so to speak. They simply couldn't cope with
it. And so, charmingly, delightfully, intelligently,  whimsically
if you like, they decided to destroy it. What's the matter now?"
"I don't like the wine very much," said Arthur sniffing it.
"Well, send it back. It's all part of the mathematics of it."
Arthur did so. He didn't like  the  topography  of  the  waiter's
smile, but he'd never liked graphs anyway.
"Where are we going?" said Ford.
"Back   to   the   Room   of   Informational   Illusions,"   said
Slartibartfast,   rising   and   patting   his   mouth  with  the
mathematical representation of a paper napkin,  "for  the  second
half."
=================================================================
Chapter 14
"The people of Krikkit,"  said  His  High  Judgmental  Supremacy,
Judiciary  Pag,  LIVR  (the  Learned, Impartial and Very Relaxed)
Chairman of the Board of Judges at the Krikkit War Crimes  Trial,
"are,  well,  you  know, they're just a bunch of real sweet guys,
you know, who just happen to want to kill everybody. Hell, I feel
the same way some mornings. Shit.
"OK," he continued, swinging his feet up on to the bench in front
of  him  and pausing a moment to pick a thread off his Ceremonial
Beach Loafers, "so you  wouldn't  necessarily  want  to  share  a
Galaxy with these guys."
This was true.
The Krikkit attack on the Galaxy had been stunning. Thousands and
thousands  of  huge  Krikkit  warships  had leapt suddenly out of
hyperspace and simultaneously attacked thousands and thousands of
major  worlds, first seizing vital material supplies for building
the next wave, and  then  calmly  zapping  those  worlds  out  of
existence.
The Galaxy, which had been enjoying a period of unusual peace and
prosperity  at  the  time,  reeled like a man getting mugged in a
meadow.
"I mean," continued Judiciary Pag, gazing round the  ultra-modern
(this  was  ten billion years ago, when "ultra-modern" meant lots
of stainless steel and  brushed  concrete)  and  huge  courtroom,
"these guys are just obsessed."
This too was true, and is the only  explanation  anyone  has  yet
managed to come up with for the unimaginable speed with which the
people of Krikkit had pursued their new and  absolute  purpose  -
the destruction of everything that wasn't Krikkit.
It is also the only  explanation  for  their  bewildering  sudden
grasp  of  all  the  hypertechnology  involved  in building their
thousands of spaceships,  and  their  millions  of  lethal  white
robots.
These had really struck terror into the hearts  of  everyone  who
had  encountered  them  -  in most cases, however, the terror was
extremely short-lived, as was the person experiencing the terror.
They  were  savage,  single-minded  flying  battle machines. They
wielded formidable multifunctional battleclubs which,  brandished
one  way, would knock down buildings and, brandished another way,
fired blistering Omni-Destructo Zap Rays and, brandished a  third
way,  launched  a hideous arsenal of grenades, ranging from minor
incendiary devices  to  Maxi-Slorta  Hypernuclear  Devices  which
could take out a major sun. Simply striking the grenades with the
battleclubs simultaneously primed them, and  launched  them  with
phenomenal  accuracy  over  distances  ranging from mere yards to
hundreds of thousands of miles.
"OK," said Judiciary Pag again, "so we won." He paused and chewed
a  little  gum. "We won," he repeated, "but that's no big deal. I
mean a medium-sized galaxy against one little world, and how long
did it take us? Clerk of the Court?"
"M'lud?" said the severe little man in black, rising.
"How long, kiddo?"
"It is a trifle difficult, m'lud, to be precise in  this  matter.
Time and distance ..."
"Relax, guy, be vague."
"I hardly like to be vague, m'lud, over such a ..."
"Bite the bullet and be it."
The Clerk of the Court blinked at him. It  was  clear  that  like
most  of the Galactic legal profession he found Judiciary Pag (or
Zipo Bibrok 5 / 108, as his private name was known, inexplicably,
to  be) a rather distressing figure. He was clearly a bounder and
a cad. He seemed to think that the fact that he was the possessor
of  the  finest  legal mind ever discovered gave him the right to
behave exactly as he liked, and unfortunately he appeared  to  be
right.
"Er, well, m'lud, very approximately, two  thousand  years,"  the
Clerk murmured unhappily.
"And how many guys zilched out?"
"Two grillion, m'lud." The Clerk sat down. A  hydrospectic  photo
of  him  at  this  point would have revealed that he was steaming
slightly.
Judiciary Pag gazed once more around the courtroom, wherein  were
assembled  hundreds  of  the very highest officials of the entire
Galactic administration, all  in  their  ceremonial  uniforms  or
bodies,  depending  on  metabolism  and  custom. Behind a wall of
Zap-Proof Crystal stood a representative group of the  people  of
Krikkit,  looking  with  calm,  polite loathing at all the aliens
gathered to pass judgment on them. This was  the  most  momentous
occasion in legal history, and Judiciary Pag knew it.
He took out his chewing gum and stuck it under his chair.
"That's a whole lotta stiffs," he said quietly.
The grim silence in the courtroom  seemed  in  accord  with  this
view.
"So, like I said, these are a bunch of really sweet guys, but you
wouldn't  want  to  share a Galaxy with them, not if they're just
gonna keep at it, not if they're  not  gonna  learn  to  relax  a
little.  I  mean it's just gonna be continual nervous time, isn't
it, right? Pow, pow, pow,  when  are  they  next  coming  at  us?
Peaceful  coexistence is just right out, right? Get me some water
somebody, thank you."
He sat back and sipped reflectively.
"OK," he said, "hear me, hear me. It's,  like,  these  guys,  you
know,  are  entitled  to  their  own  view  of  the Universe. And
according to their view,  which  the  Universe  forced  on  them,
right,  they  did  right. Sounds crazy, but I think you'll agree.
They believe in ..."
He consulted a piece of paper which he found in the  back  pocket
of his Judicial jeans.
"They believe  in  `peace,  justice,  morality,  culture,  sport,
family life, and the obliteration of all other life forms'."
He shrugged.
"I've heard a lot worse," he said.
He scratched his crotch reflectively.
"Freeeow," he said. He took another sip of water, then held it up
to the light and frowned at it. He twisted it round.
"Hey, is there something in this water?" he said.
"Er, no, m'lud," said the Court Usher who had brought it to  him,
rather nervously.
"Then take it away," snapped Judiciary Pag, "and put something in
it. I got an idea."
He pushed away the glass and leaned forward.
"Hear me, hear me," he said.
The solution was brilliant, and went like this:
The planet of Krikkit was to be enclosed  for  perpetuity  in  an
envelope  of  Slo-Time,  inside  which life would continue almost
infinitely  slowly.  All  light  would  be  deflected  round  the
envelope  so  that  it  would  remain invisible and impenetrable.
Escape from the envelope would be utterly  impossible  unless  it
were locked from the outside.
When the rest of the Universe came to its  final  end,  when  the
whole  of  creation  reached  its  dying  fall  (this was all, of
course, in the days before it was  known  that  the  end  of  the
Universe  would  be  a spectacular catering venture) and life and
matter ceased to exist, then the planet of Krikkit  and  its  sun
would  emerge  from its Slo-Time envelope and continue a solitary
existence, such as it craved, in the twilight  of  the  Universal
void.
The Lock would be on an asteroid which  would  slowly  orbit  the
envelope.
The key would be the symbol of the Galaxy - the Wikkit Gate.
By the time the applause in the court had  died  down,  Judiciary
Pag was already in the Sens-O-Shower with a rather nice member of
the jury that he'd slipped a note to half an hour earlier.
=================================================================
Chapter 15
Two months later, Zipo Bibrok 5 / 108 had cut the bottoms off his
Galactic  State  jeans, and was spending part of the enormous fee
his judgments commanded lying on a jewelled beach having  Essence
of  Qualactin rubbed into his back by the same rather nice member
of  the  jury.  She  was  a  Soolfinian  girl  from  beyond   the
Cloudworlds  of  Yaga.  She had skin like lemon silk and was very
interested in legal bodies.
"Did you hear the news?" she said.
"Weeeeelaaaaah!" said Zipo Bibrok 5 / 108, and you would have had
to have been there to know exactly why he said this. None of this
was on the tape of Informational Illusions, and is all  based  on
hearsay.
"No,"  he  added,  when  the  thing  that  had   made   him   say
"Weeeeelaaaaah"  had  stopped  happening. He moved his body round
slightly to catch the first rays of the  third  and  greatest  of
primeval  Vod's  three  suns  which  was  now  creeping  over the
ludicrously beautiful horizon, and the  sky  now  glittered  with
some of the greatest tanning power ever known.
A fragrant breeze wandered up from the quiet sea,  trailed  along
the  beach,  and drifted back to sea again, wondering where to go
next. On a mad impulse it went up to the beach again. It  drifted
back to sea.
"I hope it isn't good news," muttered Zipo Bibrok 5 / 108,  "'cos
I don't think I could bear it."
"Your Krikkit judgment was carried  out  today,"  said  the  girl
sumptuously.  There  was  no  need  to say such a straightforward
thing sumptuously, but she went ahead and did it  anyway  because
it  was  that  sort  of day. "I heard it on the radio," she said,
"when I went back to the ship for the oil."
"Uhuh," muttered Zipo and rested his head back  on  the  jewelled
sand.
"Something happened," she said.
"Mmmm?"
"Just after the Slo-Time envelope  was  locked,"  she  said,  and
paused  a  moment  from  rubbing  in the Essence of Qualactin, "a
Krikkit warship which had been missing presumed destroyed  turned
out  to be just missing after all. It appeared and tried to seize
the Key."
Zipo sat up sharply.
"Hey, what?" he said.
"it's all right," she said in a voice which would have calmed the
Big  Bang down. "Apparently there was a short battle. The Key and
the warship were disintegrated and blasted  into  the  space-time
continuum. Apparently they are lost for ever."
She smiled, and ran a little more Essence of Qualactin on to  her
fingertips. He relaxed and lay back down.
"Do what you did a moment or two ago," he murmured.
"That?" she said.
"No, no," he said, "that."
She tried again.
"That?" she asked.
"Weeeeelaaaaah!"
Again, you had to be there.
The fragrant breeze drifted up from the sea again.
A magician wandered along the beach, but no one needed him.
=================================================================
Chapter 16
"Nothing  is  lost  for  ever,"  said  Slartibartfast,  his  face
flickering  redly  in  the  light  of  the candle which the robot
waiter was trying to take away,  "except  for  the  Cathedral  of
Chalesm."
"The what?" said Arthur with a start.
"The Cathedral of  Chalesm,"  repeated  Slartibartfast.  "It  was
during  the course of my researches at the Campaign for Real Time
that I ..."
"The what?" said Arthur again.
The old man paused and gathered his thoughts, for what  he  hoped
would  be one last onslaught on his story. The robot waiter moved
through the space-time matrices  in  a  way  which  spectacularly
combined  the  surly  with  the obsequious, made a snatch for the
candle and got it. They had had the bill, had argued convincingly
about  who  had  had  the cannelloni and how many bottles of wine
they had had, and, as Arthur had been dimly  aware,  had  thereby
successfully manoeuvred the ship out of subjective space and into
a parking orbit round  a  strange  planet.  The  waiter  was  now
anxious to complete his part of the charade and clear the bistro.
"All will become clear," said Slartibartfast.
"When?"
"In a minute. Listen. The time streams  are  now  very  polluted.
There's a lot of muck floating about in them, flotsam and jetsam,
and more and more of  it  is  now  being  regurgitated  into  the
physical world. Eddies in the space-time continuum, you see."
"So I hear," said Arthur.
"Look, where are we going?" said Ford,  pushing  his  chair  back
from the table with impatience. "Because I'm eager to get there."
"We are going," said Slartibartfast in a  slow,  measured  voice,
"to  try  to prevent the war robots of Krikkit from regaining the
whole of the Key they need to unlock the planet of  Krikkit  from
the  Slo-Time  envelope  and  release  the rest of their army and
their mad Masters."
"It's just," said Ford, "that you mentioned a party."
"I did," said Slartibartfast, and hung his head.
He realized that it had been a mistake, because the  idea  seemed
to  exercise  a  strange and unhealthy fascination on the mind of
Ford Prefect. The more that Slartibartfast  unravelled  the  dark
and tragic story of Krikkit and its people, the more Ford Prefect
wanted to drink a lot and dance with girls.
The old man felt that he should  not  have  mentioned  the  party
until  he  absolutely had to. But there it was, the fact was out,
and Ford Prefect had attached himself to it the way  an  Arcturan
Megaleach  attaches  itself  to its victim before biting his head
off and making off with his spaceship.
"When," said Ford eagerly, "do we get there?"
"When I've finished telling you why we have to go there."
"I know why I'm going," said Ford, and leaned back, sticking  his
hands  behind  his  head.  He  gave  one of his smiles which made
people twitch.
Slartibartfast had hoped for an easy retirement.
He  had  been  planning  to  learn  to  play   the   octraventral
heebiephone  -  a pleasantly futile task, he knew, because he had
the wrong number of mouths.
He had also been planning to write an eccentric and  relentlessly
inaccurate monograph on the subject of equatorial fjords in order
to set the record wrong about  one  or  two  matters  he  saw  as
important.
Instead, he had somehow got talked into doing some part-time work
for  the  Campaign  for  Real Time and had started to take it all
seriously for the first time in his life.  As  a  result  he  now
found  himself  spending  his fast-declining years combating evil
and trying to save the Galaxy.
He found it exhausting work and sighed heavily.
"Listen," he said, "at Camtim ..."
"What?" said Arthur.
"The Campaign for Real Time, which I will tell you about later. I
noticed that five pieces of jetsam which had in relatively recent
times plopped back into existence seemed  to  correspond  to  the
five  pieces of the missing Key. Only two I could trace exactly -
the Wooden Pillar, which appeared on your planet, and the  Silver
Bail.  It  seems to be at some sort of party. We must go there to
retrieve it before the Krikkit robots find it, or who knows  what
may hap?"
"No," said Ford firmly. "We must go to  the  party  in  order  to
drink a lot and dance with girls."
"But haven't you understood everything I ...?"
"Yes," said Ford, with a sudden and unexpected fierceness,  "I've
understood  it  all  perfectly well. That's why I want to have as
many drinks and dance with as many girls as possible while  there
are still any left. If everything you've shown us is true ..."
"True? Of course it's true."
"... then we don't stand a whelk's chance in a supernova."
"A what?" said Arthur sharply again. He had  been  following  the
conversation  doggedly up to this point, and was keen not to lose
the thread now.
"A whelk's chance in a supernova," repeated Ford  without  losing
momentum. "The ..."
"What's a whelk got to do with a supernova?" said Arthur.
"It doesn't," said Ford levelly, "stand a chance in one."
He paused to see if the matter was now cleared  up.  The  freshly
puzzled  looks  clambering  across Arthur's face told him that it
wasn't.
"A supernova," said Ford as quickly and as clearly as  he  could,
"is  a  star which explodes at almost half the speed of light and
burns with the brightness of a billion suns and then collapses as
a  super-heavy  neutron  star.  It's  a star which burns up other
stars, got it? Nothing stands a chance in a supernova."
"I see," said Arthur.
"The ..."
"So why a whelk particularly?"
"Why not a whelk? Doesn't matter."
Arthur accepted this, and Ford continued, picking  up  his  early
fierce momentum as best he could.
"The  point  is,"  he  said,  "that  people  like  you  and   me,
Slartibartfast, and Arthur - particularly and especially Arthur -
are just dilletantes, eccentrics, layabouts, fartarounds  if  you
like."
Slartibartfast  frowned,  partly  in  puzzlement  and  partly  in
umbrage. He started to speak.
"- ..." is as far as he got.
"We're not obsessed by anything, you see," insisted Ford.
"..."
"And that's the deciding factor. We can't win against  obsession.
They care, we don't. They win."
"I care about lots of things,"  said  Slartibartfast,  his  voice
trembling   partly   with   annoyance,   but   partly  also  with
uncertainty.
"Such as?"
"Well," said  the  old  man,  "life,  the  Universe.  Everything,
really. Fjords."
"Would you die for them?"
"Fjords?" blinked Slartibartfast in surprise. "No."
"Well then."
"Wouldn't see the point, to be honest."
"And I still  can't  see  the  connection,"  said  Arthur,  "with
whelks."
Ford could feel the conversation slipping out of his control, and
refused to be sidetracked by anything at this point.
"The point is," he hissed, "that we are not obsessive people, and
we don't stand a chance against ..."
"Except for your sudden obsession with whelks,"  pursued  Arthur,
"which I still haven't understood."
"Will you please leave whelks out of it?"
"I will if you will," said Arthur. "You brought the subject up."
"It was an error," said Ford, "forget them. The point is this."
He leant forward and rested his  forehead  on  the  tips  of  his
fingers.
"What was I talking about?" he said wearily.
"Let's just go down to  the  party,"  said  Slartibartfast,  "for
whatever reason." He stood up, shaking his head.
"I think that's what I was trying to say," said Ford.
For some unexplained reason, the teleport cubicles  were  in  the
bathroom.
=================================================================
Chapter 17
Time travel is increasingly regarded  as  a  menace.  History  is
being polluted.
The Encyclopedia Galactica has much to  say  on  the  theory  and
practice  of  time  travel,  most of which is incomprehensible to
anyone who hasn't spent at least four lifetimes studying advanced
hypermathematics,  and  since it was impossible to do this before
time travel was invented, there is a certain amount of  confusion
as  to  how  the  idea  was  arrived  at  in the first place. One
rationalization of this problem states that time travel  was,  by
its  very  nature,  discovered  simultaneously  at all periods of
history, but this is clearly bunk.
The trouble is that a lot of history is now quite clearly bunk as
well.
Here is an example. It may not seem to be  an  important  one  to
some  people,  but  to  others  it  is  crucial.  It is certainly
significant in that it was the  single  event  which  caused  the
Campaign  for Real Time to be set up in the first place (or is it
last? It depends which way round you see  history  as  happening,
and this too is now an increasingly vexed question).
There is, or was, a poet. His name was Lallafa, and he wrote what
are  widely  regarded  throughout  the Galaxy as being the finest
poems in existence, the Songs of the Long Land.
They are/were unspeakably wonderful. That is to say, you couldn't
speak  very  much  of them at once without being so overcome with
emotion, truth and a sense of wholeness  and  oneness  of  things
that  you wouldn't pretty soon need a brisk walk round the block,
possibly pausing at a bar on the way back for a  quick  glass  of
perspective and soda. They were that good.
Lallafa had lived in the forests of the Long Lands  of  Effa.  He
lived there, and he wrote his poems there. He wrote them on pages
made of dried habra leaves, without the benefit of  education  or
correcting fluid. He wrote about the light in the forest and what
he thought about that. He wrote about the darkness in the forest,
and  what  he thought about that. He wrote about the girl who had
left him and precisely what he thought about that.
Long after his death his poems were found and wondered over. News
of   them  spread  like  morning  sunlight.  For  centuries  they
illuminated and watered the lives  of  many  people  whose  lives
might otherwise have been darker and drier.
Then, shortly after the invention  of  time  travel,  some  major
correcting  fluid  manufacturers wondered whether his poems might
have been better still if he had had access to some  high-quality
correcting  fluid, and whether he might be persuaded to say a few
words on that effect.
They travelled the time waves, they found him, they explained the
situation  -  with  some  difficulty  -  to  him,  and did indeed
persuade him. In fact they persuaded him to such an  effect  that
he  became extremely rich at their hands, and the girl about whom
he was otherwise destined to write which such precision never got
around  to  leaving him, and in fact they moved out of the forest
to a rather nice pad in town and he frequently  commuted  to  the
future to do chat shows, on which he sparkled wittily.
He never got around to writing the poems, of course, which was  a
problem,   but   an  easily  solved  one.  The  manufacturers  of
correcting fluid simply packed him off for a week somewhere  with
a  copy of a later edition of his book and a stack of dried habra
leaves to copy them out on to, making the odd deliberate  mistake
and correction on the way.
Many people now say that the poems are suddenly worthless. Others
argue  that  they  are  exactly  the same as they always were, so
what's changed? The first people say that that isn't  the  point.
They aren't quite sure what the point is, but they are quite sure
that that isn't it. They set up the Campaign for Real Time to try
to  stop this sort of thing going on. Their case was considerably
strengthened  by  the  fact  that  a  week  after  they  had  set
themselves  up,  news broke that not only had the great Cathedral
of Chalesm been pulled down in order to build a new ion refinery,
but  that the construction of the refinery had taken so long, and
had had to extend so far back into the past in order to allow ion
production  to  start  on time, that the Cathedral of Chalesm had
now never been built in the first place. Picture postcards of the
cathedral suddenly became immensely valuable.
So a lot of history is now gone for ever. The Campaign  for  Real
Timers  claim  that  just  as  easy travel eroded the differences
between one country  and  another,  and  between  one  world  and
another,  so  time  travel is now eroding the differences between
one age and another. "The past," they say, "is now truly  like  a
foreign country. They do things exactly the same there."
=================================================================
Chapter 18
Arthur materialized, and did so with all the customary staggering
about  and  clasping at his throat, heart and various limbs which
he still indulged himself  in  whenever  he  made  any  of  these
hateful  and  painful materializations that he was determined not
to let himself get used to.
He looked around for the others.
They weren't there.
He looked around for the others again.
They still weren't there.
He closed his eyes.
He opened them
He looked around for the others.
They obstinately persisted in their absence.
He closed his eyes again, preparatory to making  this  completely
futile  exercise  once more, and because it was only then, whilst
his eyes were closed, that his brain began to register  what  his
eyes  had  been looking at whilst they were open, a puzzled frown
crept across his face.
So he opened his eyes again to check  his  facts  and  the  frown
stayed put.
If anything, it intensified, and got a good firm  grip.  If  this
was  a  party  it  was  a  very  bad  one,  so bad, in fact, that
everybody else had left. He abandoned this  line  of  thought  as
futile.  Obviously  this  wasn't  a  party.  It  was a cave, or a
labyrinth, or a tunnel of  something  -  there  was  insufficient
light  to tell. All was darkness, a damp shiny darkness. The only
sounds were the  echoes  of  his  own  breathing,  which  sounded
worried.  He coughed very slightly, and then had to listen to the
thin ghostly echo of his  cough  trailing  away  amongst  winding
corridors and sightless chambers, as of some great labyrinth, and
eventually returning to him via the same unseen corridors, as  if
to say ... "Yes?"
This happened to every slightest noise he made, and  it  unnerved
him.  He  tried to hum a cheery tune, but by the time it returned
to him it was a hollow dirge and he stopped.
His mind  was  suddenly  full  of  images  from  the  story  that
Slartibartfast had been telling him. He half-expected suddenly to
see lethal white robots step silently from the shadows  and  kill
him.  He  caught  his breath. They didn't. He let it go again. He
didn't know what he did expect.
Someone or something, however, seemed to be expecting him, for at
that  moment  there lit up suddenly in the dark distance an eerie
green neon sign.
It said, silently:
You have been Diverted
The sign flicked off again, in a way which Arthur was not at  all
certain  he  liked.  It  flicked  off with a sort of contemptuous
flourish. Arthur then tried to assure himself that this was  just
a  ridiculous  trick of his imagination. A neon sign is either on
or off, depending on whether it has electricity  running  through
it  or  not.  There  was  no  way, he told himself, that it could
possibly effect the transition from one state to the other with a
contemptuous  flourish. He hugged himself tightly in his dressing
gown and shivered, nevertheless.
The neon sign in the depths now suddenly lit up, bafflingly, with
just three dots and a comma. Like this:
Only in green neon.
It was trying, Arthur realized after staring at this  perplexedly
for  a  second  or  two, to indicate that there was more to come,
that the sentence was not complete. Trying with almost superhuman
pedantry, he reflected. Or at least, inhuman pedantry.
The sentence then completed itself with these two words:
Arthur Dent.
He reeled. He steadied himself to have another clear look at  it.
It still said Arthur Dent, so he reeled again.
Once again, the sign flicked off, and left him  blinking  in  the
darkness  with  just the dim red image of his name jumping on his
retina.
Welcome, the sign now suddenly said.
After a moment, it added:
I Don't Think.
The stone-cold fear which had been hovering about Arthur all this
time,  waiting for its moment, recognized that its moment had now
come and pounced on him. He tried to fight  it  off.  He  dropped
into  a kind of alert crouch that he had once seen somebody do on
television, but it must have been someone with stronger knees. He
peered huntedly into the darkness.
"Er, hello?" he said.
He cleared his throat and said it again, more loudly and  without
the  "er".  At some distance down the corridor it seemed suddenly
as if somebody started to beat on a bass drum.
He listened to it for a few seconds and realized that it was just
his heart beating.
He listened for a few seconds more and realized  that  it  wasn't
his heart beating, it was somebody down the corridor beating on a
bass drum.
Beads of sweat formed on his brow, tensed themselves,  and  leapt
off.  He  put a hand out on the floor to steady his alert crouch,
which wasn't holding up very well. The sign changed itself again.
It said:
Do Not be Alarmed.
After a pause, it added:
Be Very Very Frightened, Arthur Dent.
Once again it flicked off. Once again it left  him  in  darkness.
His  eyes seemed to be popping out of his head. He wasn't certain
if this was because they were trying to see more clearly,  or  if
they simply wanted to leave at this point.
"Hello?" he said again, this time trying to put a note of  rugged
and aggressive self-assertion into it. "Is anyone there?"
There was no reply, nothing.
This unnerved Arthur Dent even more than a reply would have done,
and  he  began  to  back away from the scary nothingness. And the
more he backed away, the more scared he became. After a while  he
realized that the reason for this was because of all the films he
had seen in which the hero backs further and  further  away  from
some imagined terror in front of him, only to bump into it coming
up from behind.
Just then it suddenly  occurred  to  him  to  turn  round  rather
quickly.
There was nothing there.
Just blackness.
This really unnerved him, and he started to back away from  that,
back the way he had come.
After doing this for a short while it suddenly  occurred  to  him
that  he  was  now  backing  towards  whatever it was he had been
backing away from in the first place.
This, he couldn't help thinking, must be a foolish thing  to  do.
He  decided  he  would be better off backing the way he had first
been backing, and turned around again.
It turned out at this point that his second impulse had been  the
correct  one,  because there was an indescribably hideous monster
standing quietly behind him. Arthur  yawed  wildly  as  his  skin
tried  to  jump  one  way  and his skeleton the other, whilst his
brain tried to work out which of his ears it most wanted to crawl
out of.
"Bet you weren't expecting to see me again,"  said  the  monster,
which  Arthur  couldn't help thinking was a strange remark for it
to make, seeing as he had never met the creature before. He could
tell  that he hadn't met the creature before from the simple fact
that he was able to sleep at nights. It was ... it was ... it was
Arthur blinked at it. It stood very still. It did look  a  little
familiar.
A terrible cold calm came over him as he realized  that  what  he
was looking at was a six-foot-high hologram of a housefly.
He wondered why anybody would  be  showing  him  a  six-foot-high
hologram  of  a housefly at this time. He wondered whose voice he
had heard.
It was a terribly realistic hologram.
It vanished.
"Or perhaps you remember me better," said the voice suddenly, and
it  was a deep, hollow malevolent voice which sounded like molten
tar glurping out of a  drum  with  evil  on  its  mind,  "as  the
rabbit."
With a sudden ping,  there  was  a  rabbit  there  in  the  black
labyrinth  with  him,  a  huge,  monstrously,  hideously soft and
lovable rabbit - an image again, but one on  which  every  single
soft and lovable hair seemed like a real and single thing growing
in its soft and lovable coat. Arthur was startled to see his  own
reflection  in its soft and lovable unblinking and extremely huge
brown eyes.
"Born in darkness," rumbled the voice, "raised in  darkness.  One
morning  I  poked  my head for the first time into the bright new
world and got it split open by what felt suspiciously  like  some
primitive instrument made of flint.
"Made by you, Arthur Dent, and wielded by you. Rather hard  as  I
recall.
"You turned my skin into a bag for keeping interesting stones in.
I  happen  to  know that because in my next life I came back as a
fly again and you swatted me. Again. Only this time  you  swatted
me with the bag you'd made of my previous skin.
"Arthur Dent, you are not merely a cruel and heartless  man,  you
are also staggeringly tactless."
The voice paused whilst Arthur gawped.
"I see you have lost the bag,"  said  the  voice.  "Probably  got
bored with it, did you?"
Arthur shook his head helplessly. He wanted to  explain  that  he
had  been  in  fact  very fond of the bag and had looked after it
very well and had taken it with him wherever he  went,  but  that
somehow  every  time he travelled anywhere he seemed inexplicably
to end up with the wrong bag and that, curiously enough, even  as
they stood there he was just noticing for the first time that the
bag he had with him at the moment appeared  to  be  made  out  of
rather nasty fake leopard skin, and wasn't the one he'd had a few
moments ago before he arrived in this whatever place it was,  and
wasn't  one  he  would  have  chosen himself and heaven knew what
would be in it as it wasn't his, and he would  much  rather  have
his  original  bag  back,  except  that he was of course terribly
sorry for having  so  peremptorily  removed  it,  or  rather  its
component  parts,  i.e. the rabbit skin, from its previous owner,
viz. the rabbit whom he currently had the  honour  of  attempting
vainly to address.
All he actually managed to say was "Erp".
"Meet the newt you trod on," said the voice.
And there was, standing in the  corridor  with  Arthur,  a  giant
green  scaly  newt.  Arthur  turned, yelped, leapt backwards, and
found himself standing in the middle of  the  rabbit.  He  yelped
again, but could find nowhere to leap to.
"That was me, too," continued the voice in a low menacing rumble,
"as if you didn't know ..."
"Know?" said Arthur with a start. "Know?"
"The interesting thing about reincarnation,"  rasped  the  voice,
"is  that  most  people,  most  spirits, are not aware that it is
happening to them."
He paused for effect. As far as Arthur was  concerned  there  was
already quite enough effect going on.
"I was aware," hissed  the  voice,  "that  is,  I  became  aware.
Slowly. Gradually."
He, whoever he was, paused again and gathered breath.
"I could hardly help it, could I?" he bellowed,  "when  the  same
thing  kept happening, over and over and over again! Every life I
ever lived, I got killed by Arthur Dent. Any world, any body, any
time,  I'm  just  getting settled down, along comes Arthur Dent -
pow, he kills me.
"Hard not to notice. Bit of a memory jogger. Bit  of  a  pointer.
Bit of a bloody giveaway!
"`That's funny,' my spirit would say to itself as it  winged  its
way  back  to  the netherworld after another fruitless Dent-ended
venture into the land of the living, `that man who just ran  over
me as I was hopping across the road to my favourite pond looked a
little familiar ...' And gradually I got to  piece  it  together,
Dent, you multiple-me-murderer!"
The echoes of his voice roared up and down the corridors.  Arthur
stood silent and cold, his head shaking with disbelief.
"Here's the moment, Dent," shrieked the  voice,  now  reaching  a
feverish  pitch  of  hatred,  "here's  the  moment when at last I
knew!"
It was indescribably hideous, the thing that suddenly  opened  up
in  front  of Arthur, making him gasp and gargle with horror, but
here's an attempt at a description of how hideous it was. It  was
a huge palpitating wet cave with a vast, slimy, rough, whale-like
creature rolling around  it  and  sliding  over  monstrous  white
tombstones.  High  above the cave rose a vast promontory in which
could be seen the dark recesses of  two  further  fearful  caves,
which ...
Arthur Dent suddenly realized that he  was  looking  at  his  own
mouth,  when  his  attention was meant to be directed at the live
oyster that was being tipped helplessly into it.
He staggered back with a cry and averted his eyes.
When he looked again  the  appalling  apparition  had  gone.  The
corridor  was  dark  and,  briefly, silent. He was alone with his
thoughts. They  were  extremely  unpleasant  thoughts  and  would
rather have had a chaperone.
The next noise, when it came, was the low heavy roll of  a  large
section  of wall trundling aside, revealing, for the moment, just
dark blackness behind it. Arthur looked into it in much the  same
way that a mouse looks into a dark dog-kennel.
And the voice spoke to him again.
"Tell me it was a coincidence, Dent," it said.  "I  dare  you  to
tell me it was a coincidence!"
"It was a coincidence," said Arthur quickly.
"It was not!" came the answering bellow.
"It was," said Arthur, "it was ..."
"If it was a coincidence, then my name," roared  the  voice,  "is
not Agrajag!!!"
"And presumably," said Arthur, "you would  claim  that  that  was
your name."
"Yes!" hissed Agrajag, as if he had just completed a rather  deft
syllogism.
"Well, I'm afraid it was still a coincidence," said Arthur.
"Come in here and say that!" howled the voice, in sudden apoplexy
again.
Arthur walked in and said that it was a coincidence, or at least,
he  nearly said that it was a coincidence. His tongue rather lost
its footing towards the end of the last word because  the  lights
came up and revealed what it was he had walked into.
It was a Cathedral of Hate.
It was the product of a mind that was  not  merely  twisted,  but
actually sprained.
It was huge. It was horrific.
It had a Statue in it.
We will come to the Statue in a moment.
The vast, incomprehensibly vast chamber looked as if it had  been
carved  out  of the inside of a mountain, and the reason for this
was that that was precisely what it had been carved  out  of.  It
seemed  to  Arthur to spin sickeningly round his head as he stood
and gaped at it.
It was black.
Where it wasn't black you were inclined  to  wish  that  it  was,
because  the  colours  with which some of the unspeakable details
were picked out ranged horribly  across  the  whole  spectrum  of
eye-defying  colours  from Ultra Violent to Infra Dead, taking in
Liver Purple, Loathsome Lilac, Matter Yellow,  Burnt  hombre  and
Gan Green on the way.
The unspeakable details  which  these  colours  picked  out  were
gargoyles which would have put Francis Bacon off his lunch.
The gargoyles  all  looked  inwards  from  the  walls,  from  the
pillars,  from  the  flying  buttresses,  from  the choir stalls,
towards the Statue, to which we will come in a moment.
And if the gargoyles would have put Francis Bacon off his  lunch,
then it was clear from the gargoyles' faces that the Statue would
have put them off theirs, had they been alive to  eat  it,  which
they  weren't,  and  had  anybody tried to serve them some, which
they wouldn't.
Around the monumental walls were vast engraved stone  tablets  in
memory of those who had fallen to Arthur Dent.
The names of some of those commemorated were underlined  and  had
asterisks against them. So, for instance, the name of a cow which
had been slaughtered and of which Arthur Dent had happened to eat
a  fillet  steak  would  have the plainest engraving, whereas the
name of a fish which Arthur had himself caught and  then  decided
he  didn't  like  and  left on the side of the plate had a double
underlining, three sets of asterisks and a bleeding dagger  added
as decoration, just to make the point.
And what was most disturbing  about  all  this,  apart  from  the
Statue,  to  which we are, by degrees, coming, was the very clear
implication that all these people and creatures were  indeed  the
same person, over and over again.
And it was equally clear that this person was, however  unfairly,
extremely upset and annoyed.
In fact it would be fair to say that he had reached  a  level  of
annoyance  the like of which had never been seen in the Universe.
It was an annoyance of epic proportions, a burning searing  flame
of  annoyance,  an  annoyance which now spanned the whole of time
and space in its infinite umbrage.
And this annoyance had been given its fullest expression  in  the
Statue  in the centre of all this monstrosity, which was a statue
of Arthur Dent, and an unflattering one. Fifty feet  tall  if  it
was  an  inch,  there  was not an inch of it which wasn't crammed
with insult to its subject matter, and fifty feet of that sort of
thing  would  be  enough  to  make any subject feel bad. From the
