where nature had no part; so from the representation I had given him        
of our lives, our manners, and our actions, he found as near a              
resemblance in the disposition of our minds. He said the Yahoos were        
known to hate one another more than they did any different species          
of animals; and the reason usually assigned was the odiousness of           
their own shapes, which all could see in the rest, but not in               
themselves. He had therefore begun to think it not unwise in us to          
cover our bodies, and by that invention conceal many of our own             
deformities from each other, which would else be hardly supportable.        
But he now found he had been mistaken, and that the dissensions of          
those brutes in his country were owing to the same cause with ours, as      
I had described them. For if (said he) you throw among five Yahoos          
as much food as would be sufficient for fifty, they will, instead of        
eating peaceably, fall together by the ears, each single one impatient      
to have all to itself; and therefore a servant was usually employed to      
stand by while they were feeding abroad, and those kept at home were        
tied at a distance from each other: that if a cow died of age or            
accident, before a Houyhnhnm could secure it for his own Yahoos, those      
in the neighborhood would come in herds to seize it, and then would         
ensue such a battle as I had described, with terrible wounds made by        
their claws on both sides, although they seldom were able to kill           
one another, for want of such convenient instruments of death as we         
had invented. At other times the like battles have been fought between      
the Yahoos of several neighborhoods without any visible cause; those        
of one district watching all opportunities to surprise the next before      
they are prepared. But if they find their project has miscarried, they      
return home, and, for want of enemies, engage in what I call a civil        
war among themselves.                                                       
  That in some fields of his country there are certain shining              
stones of several colors, whereof the Yahoos are violently fond, and        
when part of these stones is fixed in the earth, as it sometimes            
happens, they will dig with their claws for whole days to get them          
out, then carry them away, and hide them by heaps in their kennels;         
but still looking round with great caution, for fear their comrades         
should find out their treasure. My master said he could never discover      
the reason of this unnatural appetite, or how these stones could be of      
any use to a Yahoo; but now he believed it might proceed from the same      
principle of avarice which I had ascribed to mankind: that he had           
once, by way of experiment, privately removed a heap of these stones        
from the place where one of his Yahoos had buried it: whereupon the         
sordid animal missing his treasure, by his loud lamenting brought           
the whole herd to the place, there miserably howled, then fell to           
biting and tearing the rest, began to pine away, would neither eat nor      
sleep nor work, till he ordered a servant privately to convey the           
stones into the same hole and hide them as before; which when his           
Yahoo had found, he presently recovered his spirits and good humor,         
but took good care to remove them to a better hiding place, and has         
ever since been a very serviceable brute.                                   
  My master farther assured me, which I also observed myself, that          
in the fields where the shining stones abound, the fiercest and most        
frequent battles are fought, occasioned by perpetual inroads of the         
neighboring Yahoos.                                                         
  He said it was common when two Yahoos discovered such a stone in a        
field, and were contending which of them should be the proprietor, a        
third would take the advantage, and carry it away from them both;           
which my master would needs contend to have some kind of resemblance        
with our suits at law; wherein I thought it for our credit not to           
undeceive him; since the decision he mentioned was much more equitable      
than many decrees among us; because the plaintiff and defendant             
there lost nothing beside the stone they contended for, whereas our         
courts of equity would never have dismissed the cause while either          
of them had any thing left.                                                 
  My master, his discourse, said there was nothing that rendered the        
Yahoos more odious than their undistinguishing appetite to devour           
every thing that came in their way, whether herbs, roots, berries, the      
corrupted flesh of animals, or all mingled together; and it was             
peculiar in their temper that they were fonder of what they could           
get by rapine or stealth at a greater distance than much better food        
provided for them at home. If their prey held out, they would eat till      
they were ready to burst, after which nature had pointed out to them a      
certain root that gave them a general evacuation.                           
                                                    {P_4|CH_7 ^paragraph 10}
  There was also another kind of root very juicy, but somewhat rare         
and difficult to be found, which the Yahoos sought for with much            
eagerness, and would suck it with great delight; and it produced in         
them the same effects that wine has upon us. It would make them             
sometimes hug, and sometimes tear one another; they would howl and          
grin, and chatter, and reel, and tumble, and then fall asleep in the        
dirt.                                                                       
  I did indeed observe that the Yahoos were the only animals in this        
country subject to any diseases; which, however, were much fewer            
than horses have among us, and contracted not by any ill treatment          
they meet with, but by the nastiness and greediness of that sordid          
brute. Neither has their language any more than a general                   
appellation for those maladies, which is borrowed from the name of the      
beast, and called Hnea-Yahoo, or the Yahoo's evil, and the cure             
prescribed is a mixture of their own dung and urine forcibly put            
down the Yahoo's throat. This I have since often known to have been         
taken with success, and do freely recommend it to my countrymen, for        
the public good, as an admirable specific against all diseases              
produced by repletion.                                                      
  As to learning, government, arts, manufactures, and the like, my          
master confessed he could find little or no resemblance between the         
Yahoos of that country and those in ours. For he only meant to observe      
what parity there was in our natures. He had heard indeed some curious      
Houyhnhnms observe that in most herds there was a sort of ruling Yahoo      
(as among us there is generally some leading or principal stag in a         
park), who was always more deformed in body and mischievous in              
disposition than any of the rest. That this leader had usually a            
favorite as like himself as he could get, whose employment was to lick      
his master's feet and posteriors, and drive the female Yahoos to his        
kennel; for which he was now and then rewarded with a piece of ass's        
flesh. This favorite is hated by the whole herd, and therefore to           
protect himself, keeps always near the person of his leader. He             
usually continues in office till worse can be found; but the very           
moment he is discarded, his successor, at the head of all the Yahoos        
in that district, young and old, male and female, come in a body,           
and discharge their excrements upon him from head to foot. But how far      
this might be applicable to our courts and favorites, and ministers of      
state, my master said I could best determine.                               
  I dared make no return to this malicious insinuation, which               
debased human understanding below the sagacity of a common hound,           
who has judgment enough to distinguish and follow the cry of the            
ablest dog in the pack, without being ever mistaken.                        
  My master told me there were some qualities remarkable in the             
Yahoos, which he had not observed me to mention, or at least very           
slightly, in the accounts I had given him of human kind. He said those      
animals, like other brutes, had their females in common; but in this        
they differed, that the she Yahoo would admit the male while she was        
pregnant; and that the hes would quarrel and fight with the females as      
fiercely as with each other. Both which practices were such degrees of      
brutality, that no other sensitive creature ever arrived at.                
                                                    {P_4|CH_7 ^paragraph 15}
  Another thing he wondered at in the Yahoos was their strange              
disposition to nastiness and dirt, whereas there appears to be a            
natural love of cleanliness in all other animals. As to the former          
accusation, I was glad to let it pass without any reply, because I had      
not a word to offer upon it in defense of my species, which                 
otherwise I certainly had done from my own inclinations. But I could        
have easily vindicated human kind from the imputation of singularity        
upon the last article, if there had been any swine in that country (as      
unluckily for me there were not), which although it may be a sweeter        
quadruped than a Yahoo, cannot I humbly conceive in justice pretend to      
more cleanliness; and so his Honor himself must have owned, if he           
had seen their filthy way of feeding, and their custom of wallowing         
and sleeping in the mud.                                                    
  My master likewise mentioned another quality which his servants           
had discovered in several Yahoos, and to him was wholly unaccountable.      
He said, a fancy would sometimes take a Yahoo to retire into a corner,      
to lie down and howl and groan, and spurn away all that came near him,      
although he were young and fat, wanted neither food nor water; nor did      
the servants imagine what could possibly ail him. And the only              
remedy they found was to set him to hard work, after which he would         
infallibly come to himself. To this I was silent out of partiality          
to my own kind; yet here I could plainly discover the true seeds of         
spleen, which only seizes on the lazy, the luxurious, and the rich;         
who, if they were forced to undergo the same regimen, I would               
undertake for the cure.                                                     
  His Honor had further observed that a female Yahoo would often stand      
behind a bank or a bush, to gaze on the young males passing by, and         
then appear, and hide, using many antic gestures and grimaces, at           
which time it was observed that she had a most offensive smell; and         
when any of the males advanced, would slowly retire, looking often          
back, and with a counterfeit show of fear, run off into some                
convenient place where she knew the male would follow her.                  
  At other times if a female stranger came among them, three or four        
of her own sex would get about her, and stare and chatter, and grin,        
and smell her all over; and then turn off with gestures that seemed to      
express contempt and disdain.                                               
  Perhaps my master might refine a little in these speculations, which      
he had drawn from what he observed himself, or had been told him by         
others; however, I could not reflect without some amazement, and            
much sorrow, that the rudiments of coquetry, censure, and scandal,          
should have place by instinct in womankind.                                 
                                                    {P_4|CH_7 ^paragraph 20}
  I expected every moment that my master would accuse the Yahoos of         
those unnatural appetites in both sexes, so common among us. But            
nature, it seems, has not been so expert a school mistress; and             
these politer pleasures are entirely the productions of art and             
reason, on our side of the globe.                                           
                                                                            
P_4|CH_8                                                                    
  CHAPTER VIII                                                              
-                                                                           
  As I ought to have understood human nature much better than I             
supposed it possible for my master to do, so it was easy to apply           
the character he gave of the Yahoos to myself and my countrymen; and I      
believed I could yet make farther discoveries from my own observation.      
I therefore often begged his favor to let me go among the herds of          
Yahoos in the neighborhood, to which he always very graciously              
consented, being perfectly convinced that the hatred I bore those           
brutes would never suffer me to be corrupted by them; and his Honor         
ordered one of his servants, a strong sorrel nag, very honest and           
good-natured, to be my guard, without whose protection I dare not           
undertake such adventures. For I have already told the reader how much      
I was pestered by those odious animals upon my first arrival. And I         
afterwards failed very narrowly three or four times of falling into         
their clutches, when I happened to stray at any distance without my         
hanger. And I have reason to believe they had some imagination that         
I was of their own species, which I often assisted myself, by               
stripping up my sleeves, and showing my naked arms and breast in their      
sight, when my protector was with me. At which times they would             
approach as near as they dare, and imitate my actions after the manner      
of monkeys, but ever with great signs of hatred; as a tame jackdaw          
with cap and stockings is always persecuted by the wild ones, when          
he happens to get among them.                                               
  They are prodigiously nimble from their infancy; however, I once          
caught a young male of three years old, and endeavored by all marks of      
tenderness to make it quiet; but the little imp fell a squalling and        
scratching and biting with such violence that I was forced to let it        
go; and it was high time, for a whole troop of old ones came about          
us at the noise, but finding the cub was safe (for away it ran), and        
my sorrel nag being by, they dare not venture near us. I observed           
the young animal's flesh to smell very rank, and the stink was              
somewhat between a weasel and a fox, but much more disagreeable. I          
forgot another circumstance (and perhaps I might have the reader's          
pardon if it were wholly omitted), that while I held the odious vermin      
in my hands, it voided its filthy excrements of a yellow liquid             
substance, all over my clothes; but by good fortune there was a             
small brook hard by, where I washed myself as clean as I could;             
although I dare not come into my master's presence, until I were            
sufficiently aired.                                                         
  By what I could discover, the Yahoos appear to be the most                
unteachable of all animals, their capacities never reaching higher          
than to draw or carry burdens. Yet I am of opinion this defect              
arises chiefly from a perverse, restive disposition. For they are           
cunning, malicious, treacherous, and revengeful. They are strong and        
hardy, but of a cowardly spirit, and by consequence, insolent, abject,      
and cruel. It is observed that the red haired of both sexes are more        
libidinous and mischievous than the rest, whom yet they much exceed in      
strength and activity.                                                      
  The Houyhnhnms keep the Yahoos for present use in huts not far            
from the house; but the rest are sent abroad to certain fields,             
where they dig up roots, eat several kinds of herbs, and search             
about for carrion, or sometimes catch weasels and luhimuhs (a sort          
of wild rat), which they greedily devour. Nature has taught them to         
dig deep holes with their nails on the side of a rising ground,             
wherein they lie by themselves; only the kennels of the females are         
larger, sufficient to hold two or three cubs.                               
  They swim from their infancy like frogs, and are able to continue         
long under water, where they often take fish, which the females             
carry home to their young. And upon this occasion, I hope the reader        
will pardon my relating an odd adventure.                                   
                                                     {P_4|CH_8 ^paragraph 5}
  Being one day abroad with my protector, the sorrel nag, and the           
weather exceeding hot, I entreated him to let me bathe in a river that      
was near. He consented, and I immediately stripped myself stark naked,      
and went down softly into the stream. It happened that a young              
female Yahoo, standing behind a bank, saw the whole proceeding, and         
inflamed by desire, as the nag and I conjectured, came running with         
all speed, and leaped into the water, within five yards of the place        
where I bathed. I was never in my life so terribly frighted; the nag        
was grazing at some distance, not suspecting any harm. She embraced me      
after a most fulsome manner; I roared as loud as I could, and the           
nag came galloping towards me, whereupon she quitted her grasp, with        
the utmost reluctancy, and leaped upon the opposite bank, where she         
stood gazing and howling all the time I was putting on my clothes.          
  This was matter of diversion to my master and his family, as well as      
of mortification to myself. For now I could no longer deny that I           
was a real Yahoo in every limb and feature, since the females had a         
natural propensity to me, as one of their own species. Neither was the      
hair of this brute of a red color (which might have been some excuse        
for an appetite a little irregular), but black as a sloe, and her           
countenance did not make an appearance altogether so hideous as the         
rest of the kind; for, I think, she could not be above eleven years         
old.                                                                        
  Having lived three years in this country, the reader I suppose            
will expect that I should, like other travelers, give him some account      
of the manners and customs of its inhabitants, which it was indeed          
my principal study to learn.                                                
  As these noble Houyhnhnms are endowed by nature with a general            
disposition to all virtues, and have no conceptions or ideas of what        
is evil in a rational creature, so their grand maxim is to cultivate        
reason, and to be wholly governed by it. Neither is reason among            
them a point problematical as with us, where men can argue with             
plausibility on both sides of the question; but strikes you with            
immediate conviction; as it must needs do where it is not mingled,          
obscured, or discolored by passion and interest. I remember it was          
with extreme difficulty that I could bring my master to understand the      
meaning of the word opinion, or how a point could be disputable;            
because reason taught us to affirm or deny only where we are                
certain, and beyond our knowledge we cannot do either. So that              
controversies, wranglings, disputes, and positiveness in false or           
dubious propositions, are evils unknown among the Houyhnhnms. In the        
like manner when I used to explain to him our several systems of            
natural philosophy, he would laugh that a creature pretending to            
reason should value itself upon the knowledge of other people's             
conjectures, and in things where that knowledge, if it were certain,        
could be of no use. Wherein he agreed entirely with the sentiments          
of Socrates, as Plato delivers them; which I mention as the highest         
honor I can do that prince of philosophers. I have often since              
reflected what destruction such a doctrine would make in the libraries      
of Europe, and how many paths to fame would be then shut up in the          
learned world.                                                              
  Friendship and benevolence are the two principal virtues among the        
Houyhnhnms, and these not confined to particular objects, but               
universal to the whole race. For a stranger from the remotest part          
is equally treated with the nearest neighbor, and wherever he goes          
looks upon himself as at home. They preserve decency and civility in        
the highest degrees, but are altogether ignorant of ceremony. They          
have no fondness for their colts or foals, but the care they take in        
educating them proceeds entirely from the dictates of reason. And I         
observed my master to show the same affection to his neighbor's             
issue that he had for his own. They will have it that nature teaches        
them to love the whole species, and it is reason only that makes a          
distinction of persons, where there is a superior degree of virtue.         
                                                    {P_4|CH_8 ^paragraph 10}
  When the matron Houyhnhnms have produced one of each sex, they no         
longer accompany with their consorts, except they lose one of their         
issue by some casualty, which very seldom happens; but in such a            
case they meet again; or when the like accident befalls a person whose      
wife is past bearing, some other couple bestow on him one of their own      
colts, and then go together again till the mother is pregnant. This         
caution is necessary to prevent the country from being overburdened         
with numbers. But the race of inferior Houyhnhnms bred up to be             
servants is not so strictly limited upon this article; these are            
allowed to produce three of each sex, to be domestics in the noble          
families.                                                                   
  In their marriages they are exactly careful to choose such colors as      
will not make any disagreeable mixture in the breed. Strength is            
chiefly valued in the male, and comeliness in the female; not upon the      
account of love, but to preserve the race from degenerating; for where      
a female happens to excel in strength, a consort is chosen with regard      
to comeliness. Courtship, love, presents, jointures, settlements, have      
no place in their thoughts, or terms whereby to express them in             
their language. The young couple meet and are joined, merely because        
it is the determination of their parents and friends: it is what            
they see done every day, and they look upon it as one of the necessary      
actions of a rational being. But the violation of marriage, or any          
other unchastity, was never heard of; and the married pair pass             
their lives with the same friendship and mutual benevolence that            
they bear to all others of the same species who come in their way;          
without jealousy, fondness, quarrelling, or discontent.                     
  In educating the youth of both sexes, their method is admirable, and      
highly deserves our imitation. These are not suffered to taste a grain      
of oats, except upon certain days, till eighteen years old; nor             
milk, but very rarely; and in summer they graze two hours in the            
morning, and as long in the evening, which their parents likewise           
observe; but the servants are not allowed above half that time, and         
a great part of their grass is brought home, which they eat at the          
most convenient hours, when they can be best spared from work.              
  Temperance, industry, exercise and cleanliness, are the lessons           
equally enjoined to the young ones of both sexes; and my master             
thought it monstrous in us to give the females a different kind of          
education from the males, except in some articles of domestic               
management; whereby, as he truly observed, one half of our natives          
were good for nothing but bringing children into the world; and to          
trust the care of our children to such useless animals, he said, was        
yet a greater instance of brutality.                                        
  But the Houyhnhnms train up their youth to strength, speed, and           
hardiness, by exercising them in running races up and down steep            
hills, and over hard stony grounds; and when they are all in a              
sweat, they are ordered to leap over head and ears into a pond or           
river. Four times a year the youth of a certain district meet to            
show their proficiency in running and leaping, and other feats of           
strength and agility; where the victor is rewarded with a song made in      
his or her praise. On this festival the servants drive a herd of            
Yahoos into the field, laden with hay and oats and milk, for a              
repast to the Houyhnhnms; after which these brutes are immediately          
driven back again, for fear of being noisome to the assembly.               
                                                    {P_4|CH_8 ^paragraph 15}
  Every fourth year, at the vernal equinox, there is a                      
representative council of the whole nation, which meets in a plain          
about twenty miles from our house, and continues about five or six          
days. Here they inquire into the state and condition of the several         
districts; whether they abound or be deficient in hay or oats, or cows      
or Yahoos. And wherever there is any want (which is seldom) it is           
immediately supplied by unanimous consent and contribution. Here            
likewise the regulation of children is settled: as for instance, if         
a Houyhnhnm has two males, he changes one of them with another that         
has two females; and when a child has been lost by any casualty, where      
the mother is past breeding, it is determined what family in the            
district shall breed another to supply the loss.                            
                                                                            
P_4|CH_9                                                                    
  CHAPTER IX                                                                
-                                                                           
  One of these grand assemblies was held in my time, about three            
months before my departure, whither my master went as the                   
representative of our district. In this council was resumed their           
old debate, and indeed, the only debate which ever happened in that         
country; whereof my master after his return gave me a very                  
particular account.                                                         
  The question to be debated was whether the Yahoos should be               
exterminated from the face of the earth. One of the members for the         
affirmative offered several arguments of great strength and weight,         
alleging that as the Yahoos were the most filthy, noisome, and              
deformed animal which nature ever produced, so they were the most           
restive and indocible, mischievous and malicious: they would privately      
suck the teats of the Houyhnhnms' cows, kill and devour their cats,         
trample down their oats and grass, if they were not continually             
watched, and commit a thousand other extravagancies. He took notice of      
a general tradition, that Yahoos had not been always in that                
country; but that many ages ago two of these brutes appeared                
together upon a mountain, whether produced by the heat of the sun upon      
corrupted mud and slime, or from the ooze and froth of the sea, was         
never known. That these Yahoos engendered, and their brood in a             
short time grew so numerous as to overrun and infest the whole nation.      
That the Houyhnhnms to get rid of this evil, made a general hunting,        
and at last enclosed the whole herd; and destroying the elder, every        
Houyhnhnm kept two young ones in a kennel, and brought them to such         
a degree of tameness, as an animal so savage by nature can be               
capable of acquiring; using them for draught and carriage. That             
there seemed to be much truth in this tradition, and that those             
creatures could not be Ylnhniamshy (or aborigines of the land),             
because of the violent hatred the Houyhnhnms, as well as all other          
animals, bore them; which although their evil disposition sufficiently      
deserved, could never have arrived at so high a degree, if they had         
been aborigines, or else they would have long since been rooted out.        
That the inhabitants taking a fancy to use the service of the               
Yahoos, had very imprudently neglected to cultivate the breed of            
asses, which were a comely animal, easily kept, more tame and orderly,      
without any offensive smell, strong enough for labor, although they         
yield to the other in agility of body; and if their braying be no           
agreeable sound, it is far preferable to the horrible howlings of           
the Yahoos.                                                                 
  Several others declared their sentiments to the same purpose, when        
my master proposed an expedient to the assembly, whereof he had indeed      
borrowed the hint from me. He approved of the tradition mentioned by        
the honorable member who spoke before, and affirmed that the two            
Yahoos said to be first seen among them had been driven there over the      
sea; that coming to land and being forsaken by their companions they        
retired to the mountains, and degenerating by degrees, became in            
process of time, much more savage than those of their own species in        
the country from where these two originals came. The reason of his          
assertion was that he had now in his possession a certain wonderful         
Yahoo (meaning myself), which most of them had heard of, and many of        
them had seen. He then related to them how he first found me; that          
my body was all covered with an artificial composure of the skins           
and hairs of other animals; that I spoke in a language of my own,           
and had thoroughly learned theirs; that I had related to him the            
accidents which brought me there; that when he saw me without my            
covering I was an exact Yahoo in every part, only of a whiter color,        
less hairy, and with shorter claws. He added how I had endeavored to        
persuade him that in my own and other countries the Yahoos acted as         
the governing, rational animal, and held the Houyhnhnms in                  
servitude; that he observed in me all the qualities of a Yahoo, only a      
little more civilized by some tincture of reason, which however was in      
a degree as far inferior to the Houyhnhnm race as the Yahoos of             
their country were to me; that among other things I mentioned a custom      
we had of castrating Houyhnhnms when they were young, in order to           
render them tame; that the operation was easy and safe; that it was no      
shame to learn wisdom from brutes, as industry is taught by the ant,        
and building by the swallow. (For so I translate the word lyhannh,          
although it be a much larger fowl.) That this invention might be            
practiced upon the younger Yahoos here, which, besides rendering            
them tractable and fitter for use, would in an age put an end to the        
whole species without destroying life. That in the meantime the             
Houyhnhnms should be exhorted to cultivate the breed of asses,              
which, as they are in all respects more valuable brutes, so they            
have this advantage, to be fit for service at five years old, which         
the others are not till twelve.                                             
  This was all my master thought fit to tell me at that time of what        
passed in the grand council. But he was pleased to conceal one              
particular, which related personally to myself, whereof I soon felt         
the unhappy effect, as the reader will know in its proper place, and        
from which I date all the succeeding misfortunes of my life.                
  The Houyhnhnms have no letters, and consequently their knowledge          
is all traditional. But there happening few events of any moment among      
a people so well united, naturally disposed to every virtue, wholly         
governed by reason, and cut off from all commerce with other                
nations, the historical part is easily preserved without burdening          
their memories. I have already observed that they are subject to no         
diseases, and therefore can have no need of physicians. However,            
they have excellent medicines composed of herbs, to cure accidental         
bruises and cuts in the pastern or frog of the foot by sharp stones,        
as well as other maims and hurts in the several parts of the body.          
                                                     {P_4|CH_9 ^paragraph 5}
  They calculate the year by the revolution of the sun and the moon,        
but use no subdivisions into weeks. They are well enough acquainted         
with the motions of those two luminaries, and understand the nature of      
eclipses; and this is the utmost progress of their astronomy.               
  In poetry they must be allowed to excel all other mortals; wherein        
the justness of their similes, and the minuteness, as well as               
exactness of their descriptions, are indeed inimitable. Their verses        
abound very much in both of these, and usually contain either some          
exalted notions of friendship and benevolence, or the praises of those      
who were victors in races and other bodily exercises. Their buildings,      
although very rude and simple, are not inconvenient, but well               
contrived to defend them from all injuries of cold and heat. They have      
a kind of tree, which at forty years old loosens in the root, and           
falls with the first storm: they grow very straight, and being pointed      
like stakes with a sharp stone (for the Houyhnhnms know not the use of      
iron), they stick them erect in the ground about ten inches asunder,        
and then weave in oat straw, or sometimes wattles betwixt them. The         
roof is made after the same manner, and so are the doors.                   
  The Houyhnhnms use the hollow part between the pastern and the            
hoof of their fore feet as we do our hands, and this with greater           
dexterity than I could at first imagine. I have seen a white mare of        
our family thread a needle (which I lent her on purpose) with that          
joint. They milk their cows, reap their oats, and do all the work           
which requires hands, in the same manner. They have a kind of hard          
flints, which by grinding against other stones, they form into              
instruments, that serve instead of wedges, axes, and hammers. With          
tools made of these flints they likewise cut their hay and reap             
their oats, which there groweth naturally in several fields: the            
Yahoos draw home the sheaves in carriages, and the servants tread them      
in certain covered huts, to get out the grain, which is kept in             
stores. They make a rude kind of earthen and wooden vessels, and            
bake the former in the sun.                                                 
  If they can avoid casualties, they die only of old age, and are           
buried in the most obscure places that can be found, their friends and      
relations expressing neither joy nor grief at their departure; nor          
does the dying person discover the least regret that he is leaving the      
world, any more than if he were upon returning home from a visit to         
one of his neighbors. I remember my master having once made an              
appointment with a friend and his family to come to his house upon          
some affair of importance, on the day fixed the mistress and her two        
children came very late; she made two excuses, first for her                
husband, who, as she said, happened that very morning to shnuwnh.           
The word is strongly expressive in their language, but not easily           
rendered into English; it signifies, to retire to his first mother.         
Her excuse for not coming sooner was that her husband dying late in         
the morning, she was a good while consulting her servants about a           
convenient place where his body should be laid; and I observed she          
behaved herself at our house as cheerfully as the rest, and died about      
three months after.                                                         
  They live generally to seventy or seventy-five years, very seldom to      
fourscore: some weeks before their death they feel a gradual decay,         
but without pain. During this time they are much visited by their           
friends, because they cannot go abroad with their usual ease and            
satisfaction. However, about ten days before their death, which they        
seldom fail in computing, they return the visits that have been made        
them by those who are nearest in the neighborhood, being carried in         
a convenient sledge drawn by Yahoos; which vehicle they use, not            
only upon this occasion, but when they grow old, upon long journeys,        
or when they are lamed by any accident. And therefore when the dying        
Houyhnhnms return those visits, they take a solemn leave of their           
friends, as if they were going to some remote part of the country,          
where they designed to pass the rest of their lives.                        
                                                    {P_4|CH_9 ^paragraph 10}
  I know not whether it may be worth observing that the Houyhnhnms          
have no word in their language to express any thing that is evil,           
except what they borrow from the deformities or ill qualities of the        
Yahoos. Thus they denote the folly of a servant, an omission of a           
child, a stone that cuts their feet, a continuance of foul or               
unseasonable weather, and the like, by adding to each the epithet of        
Yahoo. For instance, Hhnm Yahoo, Whnaholm Yahoo, Ynlhmndwihlma Yahoo,       
and an ill-contrived house Ynholmhnmrohlnw Yahoo.                           
  I could with great pleasure enlarge further upon the manners and          
virtues of this excellent people; but intending in a short time to          
publish a volume by itself expressly upon that subject, I refer the         
reader there, and in the meantime, proceed to relate my own sad             
catastrophe,                                                                
                                                                            
P_4|CH_10                                                                   
  CHAPTER X                                                                 
-                                                                           
  I had settled my little economy to my own heart's content. My master      
had ordered a room to be made for me after their manner, about six          
yards from the house; the sides and floors of which I plastered with        
clay, and covered with rushmats of my own contriving; I had beaten          
hemp, which there grows wild, and made of it a sort of ticking; this I      
filled with the feathers of several birds I had taken with springes         
made of Yahoos' hairs, and were excellent food. I had worked two            
chairs with my knife, the sorrel nag helping me in the grosser and          
more laborious part. When my clothes were worn to rags, I made              
myself others with the skins of rabbits, and of a certain beautiful         
animal about the same size, called nnuhnoh, the skin of which is            
covered with a fine down. Of these I likewise made very tolerable           
stockings. I soled my shoes with wood which I cut from a tree and           
fitted to the upper leather, and when this was worn out, I supplied it      
with the skins of Yahoos dried in the sun. I often got honey out of         
hollow trees, which I mingled with water, or ate with my bread. No man      
could more verify the truth of these two maxims, That nature is very        
easily satisfied; and That necessity is the mother of invention. I          
enjoyed perfect health of body, and tranquillity of mind; I did not         
feel the treachery or inconstancy of a friend, nor the injuries of a        
secret or open enemy. I had no occasion of bribing, flattering, or          
pimping to procure the favor of any great man or of his minion. I           
wanted no fence against fraud or oppression; here was neither               
physician to destroy my body, nor lawyer to ruin my fortune; no             
informer to watch my words and actions, or forge accusations against        
me for hire; here were no gibers, censurers, backbiters,                    
pickpockets, highwaymen, housebreakers, attorneys, bawds, buffoons,         
gamesters, politicians, wits, splenetics, tedious talkers,                  
controvertists, ravishers, murderers, robbers, virtuosos; no leaders        
or followers of party and faction; no encouragers to vice, by               
seducement or examples; no dungeon, axes, gibbets, whipping posts,          
or pillories; no cheating shopkeepers or mechanics; no pride,               
vanity, or affectation; no fops, bullies, drunkards, strolling whores,      
or poxes; no ranting, lewd, expensive wives; no stupid, proud pedants;      
no importunate, overbearing, quarrelsome, noisy, roaring, empty,            
conceited, swearing companions; no scoundrels, raised from the dust         
for the sake of their vices, or nobility thrown into it on account          
of their virtues: no lords, fiddlers, judges, or dancing masters.           
  I had the favor of being admitted to several Houyhnhnms, who came to      
visit or dine with my master; where his Honor graciously suffered me        
to wait in the room, and listen to their discourse. Both he and his         
company would often descend to ask me questions, and receive my             
answers. I had also sometimes the honor of attending my master in           
his visits to others. I never presumed to speak, except in answer to a      
question; and then I did it with inward regret, because it was a            
loss of so much time for improving myself; but I was infinitely             
delighted with the station of an humble auditor in such conversations,      
where nothing passed but what was useful, expressed in the fewest           
and most significant words; where the greatest decency was observed,        
without the least degree of ceremony; where no person spoke without         
being pleased himself, and pleasing his companions; where there was no      
interruption, tediousness, heat, or difference of sentiments. They          
have a notion that when people are met together, a silence does much        
improve conversation: this I found to be true; for during those little      
intermissions of talk, new ideas would arise in their thoughts,             
which very much enlivened the discourse. Their subjects are                 
generally on friendship and benevolence, or order and economy;              
sometimes upon the visible operations of nature, or ancient                 
traditions; upon the bounds and limits of virtue; upon the unerring         
rules of reason, or upon some determinations to be taken at the next        
great assembly; and often upon the various excellencies of poetry. I        
may add without vanity that my presence often gave them sufficient          
matter for discourse, because it afforded my master an occasion of          
letting his friends into the history of me and my country, upon             
which they were all pleased to descant in a manner not very                 
advantageous to human kind; and for that reason I shall not repeat          
what they said: only I may be allowed to observe that his Honor, to my      
great admiration, appeared to understand the nature of Yahoos in all        
countries much better than myself. He went through all our vices and        
follies, and discovered many which I had never mentioned to him, by         
only supposing what qualities a Yahoo of their country, with a small        
proportion of reason, might be capable of exerting; and concluded,          
with too much probability, how vile as well as miserable such a             
creature must be.                                                           
  I freely confess that all the little knowledge I have of any value        
was acquired by the lectures I received from my master, and from            
hearing the discourses of him and his friends; to which I should be         
prouder to listen than to dictate to the greatest and wisest                
assembly in Europe. I admired the strength, comeliness, and speed of        
the inhabitants; and such a constellation of virtues in such amiable        
persons produced in me the highest veneration. At first, indeed, I did      
not feel that natural awe which the Yahoos and all other animals            
bear towards them; but it grew upon me by degrees, much sooner than         
I imagined, and was mingled with a respectful love and gratitude, that      
they would condescend to distinguish me from the rest of my species.        
  When I thought of my family, my friends, my countrymen, or human          
race in general, I considered them as they really were, Yahoos in           
shape and disposition, perhaps a little more civilized, and                 
qualified with the gift of speech, but making no other use of reason        
than to improve and multiply those vices whereof their brethren in          
this country had only the share that nature allotted them. When I           
happened to behold the reflection of my own form in a lake or               
fountain, I turned away my face in horror and detestation of myself,        
and could better endure the sight of a common Yahoo than of my own          
person. By conversing with the Houyhnhnms, and looking upon them            
with delight, I fell to imitate their gait and gesture, which is now        
grown into an habit, and my friends often tell me in a blunt way, that      
I trot like a horse; which, however, I take for a great compliment.         
Neither shall I disown that in speaking I am apt to fall into the           
voice and manner of the Houyhnhnms, and hear myself ridiculed on            
that account without the least mortification.                               
  In the midst of all this happiness, and when I looked upon myself to      
be fully settled for life, my master sent for me one morning a              
little earlier than his usual hour. I observed by his countenance that      
he was in some perplexity, and at a loss how to begin what he had to        
speak. After a short silence he told me he did not know how I would         
take what he was going to say; that in the last general assembly, when      
the affair of the Yahoos was entered upon, the representatives had          
taken offense at his keeping a Yahoo (meaning myself) in his family         
more like a Houyhnhnm than a brute animal. That he was known                
frequently to converse with me, as if he could receive some                 
advantage or pleasure in my company; that such a practice was not           
agreeable to reason or nature, nor a thing ever heard of before             
among them. The assembly did therefore exhort him, either to employ me      
like the rest of my species, or command me to swim back to the place        
from where I came. That the first of these expedients was utterly           
rejected by all the Houyhnhnms who had ever seen me at his house or         
their own: for they alleged that because I had some rudiments of            
reason, added to the natural pravity of those animals, it was to be         
feared I might be able to seduce them into the woody and mountainous        
parts of the country, and bring them in troops by night to destroy the      
Houyhnhnms cattle, as being naturally of the ravenous kind, and averse      
from labor.                                                                 
                                                    {P_4|CH_10 ^paragraph 5}
  My master added that he was daily pressed by the Houyhnhnms of the        
neighborhood to have the assembly's exhortation executed, which he          
could not put off much longer. He doubted it would be impossible for        
me to swim to another country, and therefore wished I would contrive        
some sort of vehicle resembling those I had described to him, that          
might carry me on the sea; in which work I should have the                  
assistance of his own servants, as well as those of his neighbors.          
He concluded that for his own part he could have been content to            
keep me in his service as long as I lived; because he found I had           
cured myself of some bad habits and dispositions, by endeavoring, as        
far as my inferior nature was capable, to imitate the Houyhnhnms.           
  I should here observe to the reader, that a decree of the general         
assembly in this country is expressed by the word hnhloayn, which           
signifies an exhortation, as near as I can render it; for they have no      
conception how a rational creature can be compelled, but only               
advised or exhorted, because no person can disobey reason without           
giving up his claim to be a rational creature.                              
  I was struck with the utmost grief and despair at my master's             
discourse, and being unable to support the agonies I was under, I fell      
into a swoon at his feet; when I came to myself he told me that he          
concluded I had been dead (for these people are subject to no such          
imbecilities of nature). I answered in a faint voice that death             
would have been too great a happiness; that although I could not blame      
the assembly's exhortation, or the urgency of his friends, yet, in          
my weak and corrupt judgment, I thought it might consist with reason        
to have been less rigorous. That I could not swim a league, and             
probably the nearest land to theirs might be distant above a                
hundred; that many materials necessary for making a small vessel to         
carry me off, were wholly wanting in this country, which, however, I        
would attempt in obedience and gratitude to his Honor, although I           
concluded the thing to be impossible, and therefore looked on myself        
as already devoted to destruction. That the certain prospect of an          
unnatural death was the least of my evils; for supposing I should           
escape with life by some strange adventure, how could I think with          
temper of passing my days among Yahoos, and relapsing into my old           
corruptions, for want of examples to lead and keep me within the paths      
of virtue? That I knew too well upon what solid reasons all the             
determinations of the wise Houyhnhnms were founded, not to be shaken        
by arguments of mine, a miserable Yahoo; and therefore, after               
presenting him with my humble thanks for the offer of his servants'         
assistance in making a vessel, and desiring a reasonable time for so        
difficult a work, I told him I would endeavor to preserve a wretched        
being; and if ever I returned to England, was not without hopes of          
being useful to my own species by celebrating the praises of the            
renowned Houyhnhnms, and proposing their virtues to the imitation of        
mankind.                                                                    
  My master in a few words made me a very gracious reply, allowed me        
the space of two months to finish my boat; and ordered the sorrel nag,      
my fellow servant (for so this distance I may presume to call him)          
to follow my instructions, because I told my master that his help           
would be sufficient, and I knew he had a tenderness for me.                 
  In his company my first business was to go to that part of the coast      
where my rebellious crew had ordered me to be set on shore. I got upon      
a height, and looking on every side into the sea, fancied I saw a           
small island towards the northeast: I took out my pocket-glass, and         
could then clearly distinguish it about five leagues off, as I              
computed; but it appeared to the sorrel nag to be only a blue cloud;        
for as he had no conception of any country beside his own, so he could      
not be as expert in distinguishing remote objects at sea as we who          
so much converse in that element.                                           
                                                   {P_4|CH_10 ^paragraph 10}
  After I had discovered this island, I considered no farther; but          
resolved it should, if possible, be the first place of my                   
banishment, leaving the consequence to fortune.                             
  I returned home, and consulting with the sorrel nag, we went into         
a copse at some distance, where I with my knife, and he with a sharp        
flint fastened very artificially after their manner to a wooden             
handle, cut down several oak wattles about the thickness of a               
walking-staff, and some larger pieces. But I shall not trouble the          
reader with a particular description of my own mechanics; let it            
suffice to say that in six weeks time, with the help of the sorrel          
nag, who performed the parts that required most labor, I finished a         
sort of Indian canoe, but much larger, covering it with the skins of        
Yahoos well stitched together, with hempen threads of my own making.        
My sail was likewise composed of the skins of the same animal; but I        
made use of the youngest I could get, the older being too tough and         
thick; and I likewise provided myself with four paddles. I laid in a        
stock of boiled flesh, of rabbits and fowls, and took with me two           
vessels, one fined with milk and the other with water.                      
  I tried my canoe in a large pond near my master's house, and then         
corrected in it what was amiss; stopping all the chinks with Yahoos'        
tallow, till I found it staunch, and able to bear me and my freight.        
And when it was as complete as I could possibly make it, I had it           
drawn on a carriage very gently by Yahoos to the seaside, under the         
conduct of the sorrel nag and another servant.                              
-                                                                           
  When all was ready, and the day came for my departure, I took             
leave of my master and lady and the whole family, my eyes flowing with      
tears, and my heart quite sunk with grief. But his Honor, out of            
curiosity, and perhaps (if I may speak it without vanity) partly out        
of kindness, was determined to see me in my canoe, and got several          
of his neighboring friends to accompany him. I was forced to wait           
above an hour for the tide, and then observing the wind very                
fortunately bearing towards the island to which I intended to steer my      
course, I took a second leave of my master; but as I was going to           
prostrate myself to kiss his hoof, he did me the honor to raise it          
gently to my mouth. I am not ignorant how much I have been censured         
for mentioning this last particular. For my detractors are pleased          
to think it improbable that so illustrious a person should descend          
to give so great a mark of distinction to a creature so inferior as I.      
Neither have I forgot how apt some travelers are to boast of                
extraordinary favors they have received. But if these censurers were        
better acquainted with the noble and courteous disposition of the           
Houyhnhnms, they would soon change their opinion.                           
                                                   {P_4|CH_10 ^paragraph 15}
  I paid my respects to the rest of the Houyhnhnms in his Honor's           
company; then getting into my canoe, I pushed off from shore.               
                                                                            
P_4|CH_11                                                                   
  CHAPTER XI                                                                
-                                                                           
  I began this desperate voyage on February 15, 1714-5, at 9 o'clock        
in the morning. The wind was very favorable; however, I made use at         
first only of my paddles; but considering I should soon be weary,           
and that the wind might chop about, I ventured set up my little             
sail; and thus with the help of the tide I went at the rate of a            
league and a half an hour, as near as I could guess. My master and his      
friends continued on the shore till I was almost out of sight; and I        
often heard the sorrel nag (who always loved me) crying out, Hnuy illa      
nyha majah Yahoo, Take care of thyself, gentle Yahoo.                       
  My design was, if possible, to discover some small island                 
uninhabited, yet sufficient by my labor to furnish me with the              
necessaries of life, which I would have thought a greater happiness         
than to be first minister in the politest court of Europe; so horrible      
was the idea I conceived of returning to live in the society and under      
the government of Yahoos. For in such a solitude as I desired I             
could at least enjoy my own thoughts, and reflect with delight on           
the virtues of those inimitable Houyhnhnms, without any opportunity of      
degenerating into the vices and corruptions of my own species.              
  The reader may remember what I related when my crew conspired             
against me and confined me to my cabin. How I continued there               
several weeks without knowing what course we took; and when I was           
put ashore in the long-boat, how the sailors told me with oaths,            
whether true or false, that not in what part of the world we were.          
However, I did then believe us to be about ten degrees southward of         
the Cape of Good Hope, or about 45'degrees souther latitude, as I           
gathered from some general words I overheard among them, being I            
supposed to the southeast in their intended voyage to Madagascar.           
And although this were but little better than conjecture, I resolved        
to steer my course eastward, hoping to reach the south-west coast of        
New Holland, and perhaps some such island as I desired, lying westward      
of it. The wind was full west, and by six in the evening I computed         
I had gone eastward at least eighteen leagues, when I spied a very          
small island about half a league off, which I soon reached. It was          
nothing but a rock, with one creek, naturally arched by the force of        
tempests. Here I put in my canoe, and climbing up a part of the             
rock, I could plainly discover land to the east, extending from             
south to north. I lay all night in my canoe; and repeating my voyage        
early in the morning, I arrived in seven hours to the south-east point      
of New Holland. This confirmed me in the opinion I have long                
entertained, that the maps and charts place this country at least           
three degrees more to the east than it really is; which thought I           
communicated many years ago to my worthy friend Mr. Herman Moll, and        
gave him my reasons for it, although he has rather chosen to follow         
other authors.                                                              
  I saw no inhabitants in the place where I landed, and being unarmed,      
I was afraid of venturing far into the country. I found some shellfish      
on the shore, and ate them raw, not daring to kindle a fire, for            
fear of being discovered by the natives. I continued three days             
feeding on oysters and limpets, to save my own provisions; and I            
fortunately found a brook of excellent water, which gave me great           
relief.                                                                     
  On the fourth day, venturing out early a little too far, I saw            
twenty or thirty natives upon a height, not above five hundred yards        
from me. They were stark naked, men, women, and children, round a           
fire, as I could discover by the smoke. One of them spied me, and gave      
notice to the rest; five of them advanced towards me, leaving the           
women and children at the fire. I made what haste I could to the            
shore, and getting into my canoe, shoved off: the savages observing me      
retreat, ran after me; and before I could get far enough into the sea,      
discharged an arrow, which wounded me deeply on the inside of my            
left knee (I shall carry the mark to my grave). I apprehended the           
arrow might be poisoned, and paddling out of the reach of their             
darts (being a calm day), I made a shift to suck the wound and dress        
it as well as I could.                                                      
                                                    {P_4|CH_11 ^paragraph 5}
  I was at a loss what to do, for I durst not return to the same            
landing-place, but stood to the north, and was forced to paddle; for        
the wind, though very gentle, was against me, blowing northwest. As         
I was looking about for a secure landing-place, I saw a sail to the         
north-northeast, which appearing every minute more visible, I was in        
some doubt whether I should wait for them or no; but at last my             
detestation of the Yahoo race prevailed, and turning my canoe, I            
sailed and paddled together to the south, and got into the same             
creek from whence I set out in the morning, choosing rather to trust        
myself among these barbarians, than live with European Yahoos. I            
drew up my canoe as close as I could to the shore, and hid myself           
behind a stone by the little brook, which, as I have already said, was      
excellent water.                                                            
  The ship came within half a league of this creek, and sent her            
long-boat with vessels to take in fresh water (for the place it             
seems was very well known), but I did not observe it till the boat was      
almost on shore, and it was too late to seek another hiding-place. The      
seamen at their landing observed my canoe, and rummaging it all             
over, easily conjectured that the owner could not be far off. Four          
of them well armed searched every cranny and lurking-hole, till at          
last they found me flat on my face behind the stone. They gazed awhile      
in admiration at my strange uncouth dress, my coat made of skins, my        
wooden-soled shoes, and my furred stockings; from whence, however,          
they concluded I was not a native of the place, who all go naked.           
One of the seamen in Portuguese bid me rise, and asked who I was. I         
understood that language very well, and getting upon feet, said I           
was a poor Yahoo, banished from the Houyhnhnms, and desired they would      
please to let me depart. They admired to hear me answer them in             
their own tongue, and saw by my complexion I must be a European, but        
were at a loss to know what I meant by Yahoos and Houyhnhnms, and at        
the same time fell a laughing at my strange tone in speaking, which         
resembled the neighing of a horse. I trembled all the while between         
fear and hatred: I again desired leave to depart, and was gently            
moving to my canoe; but they laid hold of me, desiring to know what         
country I was of, whence I came, with many other questions. I told          
them I was born in England, from whence I came about five years ago,        
and then their country and ours were at peace. I therefore hoped            
they would not treat me as an enemy, since I meant them no harm, but        
was a poor Yahoo, seeking some desolate place where to pass the             
remainder of his unfortunate life.                                          
  When they began to talk, I thought I never heard or saw any thing so      
unnatural; for it appeared to me as dog or a cow should speak in            
England, or a Yahoo in Houyhnhnm-land The honest Portuguese were            
equally amazed at my strange dress, and the odd manner of delivering        
my words, which however they understood very well. They spoke to me         
with great humanity, and said they were sure the Captain would carry        
me gratis to Lisbon, from whence I might return to my own country;          
that two of the seamen would go back to the ship, inform the Captain        
of what they had seen, and receive his order; in the mean time, unless      
I would give my solemn oath not to fly, they would secure me by force.      
I thought it best to comply with their proposal. They were very             
curious to know my story, but I gave them very little satisfaction;         
and they all conjectured my misfortunes had impaired my reason. In two      
hours the boat, which went laden with vessels of water, returned            
with the Captain's command to fetch me on board. I fell on my knees to      
preserve my liberty; but all was in vain, and the men having tied me        
with cords, heaved me into the boat, from whence I was taken into           
the ship, and from thence into the Captain's cabin.                         
  His name was Pedro de Mendez; he was a very courteous and generous        
person; he entreated me to give some account of myself, and desired to      
know what I would eat or drink; said I should be used as well as            
himself, and spoke so many obliging things, that I wondered to find         
such civilities from a Yahoo. However, I remained silent and sullen; I      
was ready to faint at the very smell of him and his men. At last I          
desired something to eat out of my own canoe; but he ordered me a           
chicken and some excellent wine, and then directed that I should be         
put to bed in a very clean cabin. I would not undress myself, but           
lay on the bed-clothes, and in half an hour stole out, when I               
thought the crew was at dinner, and getting to the side of the ship         
was going to leap into the sea, and swim for my life, rather than           
continue among Yahoos. But one of the seamen prevented me, and              
having informed the Captain, I was chained to my cabin.                     
  After dinner Don Pedro came to me, and desired to know my reason for      
so desperate an attempt, assured me he only meant to do me all the          
service he was able, and spoke so very movingly, that at last I             
descended to treat him like an animal which had some little portion of      
reason. I gave him a very short relation of my voyage, of the               
conspiracy against me by own men, of the country where they set me          
on shore, and of my three years residence there. All which he looked        
upon as if it were a dream or a vision; whereat I took great                
offense, for I had quite forgotten the faculty of lying, so peculiar        
to Yahoos in all countries where they preside, and, consequently the        
disposition of suspecting truth in others of their own I asked him          
whether it were the custom in his country to say the thing that was         
not. I assured him I had almost forgotten what he meant by                  
falsehood, and if I had lived a thousand years in Houyhnhnm-land, I         
should never have heard a lie from the meanest servant, that I was          
altogether indifferent whether he believed me or not, but however,          
in return for his favors, I would give so much allowance to the             
corruption of his nature as to answer any objection he would please to      
make, and then he might easily discover the truth.                          
                                                   {P_4|CH_11 ^paragraph 10}
  The Captain, a wise man, after many endeavors to catch me tripping        
in some part of my story, at last began to have a better opinion of my      
veracity, and the rather, because he confessed he met with a Dutch          
skipper, who pretended to have landed with five others of his crew          
upon a certain island or continent south of New Holland, where they         
went for fresh water, and observed a horse driving before him               
several animals exactly resembling those I described under the name of      
Yahoos, with some other particulars, which the Captain said he had          
forgotten; because he then concluded them all to be lies. But he added      
that since I professed so inviolable an attachment to truth, I must         
give him my word of honor to bear him company in this voyage,               
without attempting any thing against my life, or else he would              
continue me a prisoner till we arrived at Lisbon. I gave him the            
promise he required, but at the same time protested that I would            
suffer the greatest hardships rather than return to live among Yahoos.      
  Our voyage passed without any considerable accident. In gratitude to      
the Captain I sometimes sat with him at his earnest request, and            
strove to conceal my antipathy to human kind, although it often             
broke out, which he suffered to pass without observation. But the           
greatest part of the day I confined myself to my cabin, to avoid            
seeing any of the crew. The Captain had often entreated me to strip         
myself of my savage dress, and offered to lend me the best suit of          
clothes he had. This I would not be prevailed on to accept,                 
abhorring to cover myself with any thing that had been on the back          
of a Yahoo. I only desired he would lend me two clean shirts, which         
having been washed since he wore them, I believed would not so much         
defile me. These I changed every second day, and washed them myself.        
  We arrived at Lisbon, Nov. 5, 1715. At our landing the Captain            
forced me to cover myself with his cloak, to prevent the rabble from        
crowding about me. I was conveyed to his own house, and at my               
earnest request he led me up to the highest room backwards. I conjured      
him to conceal from all persons what I had told him of the Houyhnhnms,      
because the least hint of such a story would not only draw numbers          
of people to see me, but probably put me in danger of being                 
imprisoned, or burned by the Inquisition. The Captain persuaded me          
to accept a suit of clothes newly made; but I would not suffer the          
tailor to take my measure; however, Don Pedro being almost of my size,      
they fitted me well enough. He accoutred me with other necessaries all      
new, which I aired for twenty-four hours before I would use them.           
  The Captain had no wife, nor above three servants, none of which          
were suffered to attend at meals, and his whole deportment was so           
obliging, added to very good human understanding, that I really             
began to tolerate his company. He gained so far upon me that I              
ventured to look out of the back window. By degrees I was brought into      
another room, from whence I peeped into the street, but drew my head        
back in a fright. In a week's time he seduced me down to the door. I        
found my terror gradually lessened, but my hatred and contempt              
seemed to increase. I was at last bold enough to walk the street in         
his company, but kept my nose well stopped with rue, or sometimes with      
tobacco.                                                                    
  In ten days Don Pedro, to whom I had given some account of my             
domestic affairs, put it upon me as a matter of honor and                   
conscience, that I ought to return to my native country, and live at        
home with my wife and children. He told me there was an English ship        
in the port just ready to sail, and he would furnish me with all            
things necessary. It would be tedious to repeat his arguments, and          
my contradictions. He said it was altogether impossible to find such a      
solitary island as I had desired to live in; but I might command in my      
own house, and pass my time in a manner as recluse as I pleased.            
                                                   {P_4|CH_11 ^paragraph 15}
  I complied at last, finding I could not do better. I left Lisbon the      
24th day of November, in an English merchantman, but who was the            
master I never inquired. Don Pedro accompanied me to the ship, and          
lent me twenty pounds. He took kind leave of me, and embraced me at         
parting, which I bore as well as I could. During this last voyage I         
had no commerce with the master or any of his men; but pretending I         
was sick, kept close in my cabin. On the fifth of December, 1715, we        
cast anchor in the Downs about nine in the morning, and at three in         
the afternoon I got safe to my house at Rotherhith.                         
  My wife and family received me with great surprise and joy,               
