	After several moments one of the icons approached the 
decker and queried his  presence.  The corp decker could tell from 
Sika's password that the troll had higher access then the lowly wage 
slave.  Sika quickly produced a file of data and ordered the decker 
to update the perimeter sensor array program with the new 
directives.  He took it from Sika's icon and made his way to the 
perimeter controls.  When he entered the new information, the 
system fought back.  The file that Sika had given the corp decker 
was designed to cause a feedback loop that would indefinitely 
paralyze the icon and the security system until they were released 
by someone with the appropriate code words.  The two other 
deckers jumped at their coworker's dilemma.  Before they could 
react to the loop, Sika released an entanglement program.  A ball of 
blinding light shot from Sika's hand expanding into a shimmering 
net of energy.  I covered the deckers' icons and closed around them.  
As long as the net could draw energy from the icons, it would 
continue to hold the deckers immobile, unable to activate the 
system's security alert.  The troll did not waste any time gloating 
over  his success.  He shut off outside access to the node and began 
his work.  First, he reactivated his cyberdeck's primary imaging 
software.  The trapped deckers' eyes widened as the innocuous 
looking intruder transformed into a  grinning demon.  Sika laughed 
to himself.  Would those deckers be more horrified by his real 
appearance or the icon he choose.
	The troll walked over to the controls for the gate security 
and pressed his hand against the video interface.  Immediately, his 
vision was replaced by the image from the gate's visual monitors.  
He watched people come and go until the runners showed up.  The 
gate was not manned by a guard.  Anyone wanting to enter or leave 
was required to have their palm and retina scanned for ID purposes.  
The security computer would then compare the scans to the access 
records.  If there was a match, the gate would open automatically.  
If not, a regular guard was summoned and they could manually 
open the gate if everything checked out.  The demon icon plunged 
its hand into the stream of data coming from monitoring equipment.  
He inserted a rider program into the stream and let it carry the 
program to the complex's security processor.  The only purpose the 
program served was to confuse the processor with echoed 
information.  Sika's feedback loop effectively disabled the systems 
ability to restrict access to the complex.  Anyone, no matter who, 
could get in through the gate.  The feedback loop caused the 
computer to erroneously match any scan to that of  an authorized 
employee record.
	The runners passed through the gates unmolested like any 
other employee coming back from a day of slumming in Seattle.  
Sika couldn't help but laugh at the ease of the breach.  It had all 
been made possible by one disgruntled programmer with the 
foresight to implant a secret password in the system.  It was not a 
good idea to piss off a top notch decker who had unlimited access 
to your network.  They had a tendency to leave behind nasty 
surprises.
	Once the runners had made it through the outer walls, Sika 
sprang into action.  The lights on an out of the way path flickered 
for the barest of moments, but it was enough to signal the runners 
of the right course.  As the trotted along the wooded path toward a 
side entrance, the baying of Barghest could be heard in the distance.  
Just to be on the safe side, Sika switched his monitors to the 
Kennels located on the south side of the Pyramid.  The hounds 
were pacing, but still in their cages.  The handlers did not appear to 
be aware of the breach in security.  So far, the plan was working 
perfectly.
	Sika switched his monitor back to the outside camera and 
picked up the path of the runners once again.  They were making 
good  progress along the winding path.  They reached the service 
entrance in the concrete wall and waited for the decker to let them 
in.  Sika triggered the door lock, allowing them to enter the 
Aztechnology headquarters.  Jinga was the first in.  His hand was 
inside his coat, resting on the stock of his smart-gun, ready to 
dispatch the guard.  Next came Deveaux.  He was breathing heavily 
from carrying a heavy bag filled with equipment needed for getting 
past the lab's lock.  They were followed by Watkins and Fuzz.  The 
shaman closed the door behind the group and looked over the 
group, trying to determine if they were ready to continue.  
Strangely, there was no sign of the guard.  It could be a lucky break 
or a sign of trouble.  Jinga nodded to the camera mounted on the 
ceiling, knowing that the troll would see and understand.  The lights 
flickered, signaling Sika's response.  
	The inner door slid open.  The hall beyond was empty of 
any workers.  Deveaux had wisely chosen a seldom used service 
corridor that went almost all of the way to the lab.  Jinga led the 
group out of the room and into the hallway.  He scanned it and 
waited for directions from the watching decker.  The lights flashed 
down the hall to the right.  The group jogged down the corridor 
until the lights stopped blinking.  They came to a stop directly in 
front of a closed elevator door.  After several seconds, there was a 
beep and the door opened to revel a large cargo lift.  The runners 
filed in and began to check their weapons.  If the job was going to 
get hot, now was the most likely time.  They were about to enter a 
section of the pyramid that was patrolled by armed security in 
addition to the normal automated security.  They were about to 
enter the Aztechnology's computer research center.
	After descending for what seemed like an eternity, the 
elevator came to a stop, but the doors did not open.  After several  
seconds, Jinga began to suspect something was not right.  The 
runners shifted uneasily and looked up at the video pickup mounted 
on the ceiling of the lift.  Without warning, the doors slid open.  
The click of boot heels was easily audible coming from the 
otherwise quiet corridor.  The footsteps slowed and then stopped 
when the door finished opening.  All the runners held their breath.    
The sound began again, only this time they were coming closer.  
Jinga produced a wicked looking knife from his boot and prepared 
to spring if needed.  Fuzz and Watkins readied their spells as well.  
If the guard was able to raise the alarm, the mission would be 
blown.  Suddenly, the lights in the corridor went out.  It was pitch 
black in the elevator and the hall.  None of the runners, except for 
Jinga could see a thing.  Sika had counted on that.  Jinga slipped 
out of the elevator silently and spotted the guard with his 
thermographic vision.  Orcs and trolls had the ability to see the heat 
a person's body emitted, even in complete darkness.  Jinga could 
see the reddish outline of a medium sized human.  The guard was 
fumbling around, trying to find the flashlight hanging from his belt.  
Before he could retrieve it Jinga leaped at him, knocking the man 
onto his back.  Air rushed out of the guard's lungs as the heavy orc 
landed on top of him.  The samurai clapped his hand over the 
guard's mouth while his other hand snapped down on his throat.  
The steel pommel of the knife impacted with the man's Adam's 
apple with a crunch.  The guard squirmed as his crushed windpipe 
swelled and cut off his breathing.  Jinga laid on top of the guard 
until he stopped thrashing.     
	When he was sure the guard was dead, Jinga dragged him 
back to the elevator.  The other runners waited in silence for Jinga 
to return.  After the sounds of a short scuffle, they clearly heard 
Jinga coming back.  Bishop was shocked to find the dead guard 
laying at his feet when the lights came back up.  He looked at Jinga, 
but the orc's face was completely unreadable.  A look of total 
concentration burned right through Fuzz.  The orc had not meant 
the dead body as a joke.  He had simply dumped it in the elevator 
before it was spotted by another guard.  Jinga motioned for the rest 
of the group to follow him.  His gun was now out of his jacket, 
ready to dispatch anyone unlucky enough to discover the party.  
	They followed a trail of flickering light through a maze of 
sterile corridors until they came to one fixture that was completely 
out.  It was directly in front of a thick door recessed into the wall, 
forming a sort of alcove.  
	"This has got to be it," Jinga said.  The orc took up a guard 
position further down the hall and Deveaux began ministering to the 
lock.  The detective pulled out several electronic devices from his 
large satchel and began hooking them up to the lock's keypad.
	"Now comes the hard part.  I can tell this puppy is gonna be 
a bitch."  With that, he activated the devices.  After a seemingly 
endless time, the detective started removing the devices from the 
door.  "Step one, down.  Now I know what we are dealing with.  I 
was right, this is gonna be tough."  
	"You mean in all that time, all you discovered was what 
kind of lock it is?"  Watkins was stunned.
	"Sure nuff',  knowing what you're up against is half the 
trouble.  This ain't like throwing dice, boy.  One wrong key punch 
and the whole place knows we are here.  Slow and steady, that's the 
way to handle this."
The detective's words soothed the mage somewhat, but he was 
beginning to get tense.  The detective threw the gadgets he had 
been using back into his satchel and retrieved a small, laptop 
terminal.  After comparing several output cables, he deftly attached 
one to the door's Id processor.  He furiously typed in characters.
Several times he cursed in pijin French and shook his head.  Fuzz 
knew that Deveaux was doing his best, but he wished he would 
hurry up.  Every second they were in the hall increased the 
possibility that they would be discovered.  
	The entire party tensed as the sound of footsteps resounded 
in the distance.  Jinga checked the safety on his rifle and waited for 
the footsteps to get closer.  Watkins began fishing around in a bag 
hanging from his belt.  His hand came out holding a sprig of some 
plant, preparing for a spell.  Fuzz could feel the manna swelling 
within him, until he felt as if he would burst.  With a quiet whoop 
Deveaux stepped away from the door.	
	It swung open to reveal a nondescript computer room.  
Three terminals, attached to a network, sat on a desk in the center 
of an otherwise featureless room.  No decorations adorned the 
walls or desk, only the computers and the supporting hardware.  	
	Across the room was another door marked as a restroom.  
Fuzz hoped that this was the right place.  He had expected 
something else.  He did not know what he had expected, but not 
this. All of the runners piled into the room and they closed the door 
behind them and waited.  They were not out of danger yet.  If the 
guard had heard them or had discovered the body, the entire 
Aztechnology security force could be on its way to the lab.  
	"SSSS," Fuzz hissed through his teeth.  All of the 
shadowrunners looked at him in surprise.  "I am going to try a 
spell."  Deveaux just nodded.  All of the others seemed to go along.  
Fuzz closed his eyes and tried to find his center.  His consciousness 
slowly expanded, first, beyond his body, then beyond the room.  His 
spirit floated through the door and checked the hall, clearly seeing 
the guard.  The watchman did not seem overly concerned or on 
edge.  Reassured, Fuzz returned to his body.  As his senses 
returned to normal, he felt drained, as if he had just run a long 
distance.  
	Watkins eyed the Shaman with a look of distaste.  While 
Fuzz had been checking the corridor his body had undergone a 
change.  His face had elongated, giving him a bestial appearance 
and dark circles formed around his eyes.  Watkins considered such 
things side show tricks, unnecessary for the performance of real 
magic, hermetic magic.  Jinga grinned when he saw the mage's
expression.  Anything that the small mage disliked made it to the 
top of the orc's list.  Jinga just did not trust mages, sitting in their
dark libraries, studying arcane tomes.  Shaman magic had always 
seemed more natural to the orc and it did not help that Jinga's
mother had been killed by a mage. 
	Fuzz shook off the sudden fatigue and reported his findings 
to the group, "it doesn't look like he heard us, so let's get busy."
The sooner we get out of here the better I will feel.  I don't want to
run into any of those Leopard troops."
	Jinga slung is HK and circled the desk, flicking on each 
terminal as he passed.  As each came on line he typed in a few 
commands until he found the file server.  He sat down in front of 
the computer and took a deep breath. He looked at the other 
runners and gave a half hearted chuckle.
	"Decking isn't my specialty.  I hope they don't have any IC 
on this server."  Fuzz and Deveaux returned the orc's grin but 
Watkins only rolled his eyes.  The orc removed a short cable from 
his breast pocket and connected it to the terminal through the 
keyboard.  With one final look of uncertainty, he slipped the plug in 
the jack located behind his pointed ear.  Jinga immediately fell into 
a trance and began typing clumsily on the keyboard.  It had been 
made for human hands and the orc's thick fingers struggled to 
depress one key at a time. After several unsuccessful attempts, the 
orc let out a grunt of triumph.
	"I'm in," Jinga said, "now, all that I have to do is find the 
damn program, anybody got any ideas what they call it?  Everything 
in here looks like garbage and I don't have enough room in my skull 
to download all of it."
	The detective pulled a small module out of his pack and 
inserted it into the deck's external port.  The orc smiled when he 
realized what the detective had brought along.   One common type 
of corporate software security was a process known as program 
crunching.  At the end of each day the software engineers run a 
program that compressed existing programs into a smaller space by 
defining character codes for common commands or strings of code. 
After the compression was completed, the program code was 
rendered unreadable without the translation key.  Normally, the key 
was kept in a separate, secure location to prevent intruders from 
translating stolen data.  
	Anticipating such a precaution,  Deveaux had brought along 
a external memory cache.  Jinga shunted the data into the cache, 
hoping that the program they wanted was within the tangled data 
pouring from the lab banks.  The runners could uncrunch the data 
at their leisure without Aztec troops breathing down their neck.  
The transfer from the terminal into the cache completed, Jinga 
inserted a virus into the lab's system to cover their tracks.  It would 
be impossible for the Aztecs to tell if the valuable program had been 
part of the purged data or if it had been stolen.  The orc jacked out, 
pulling the cache from the deck's port and tossing it to Deveaux.  
"We got it, now let's go."  With that, the detective pocketed the 
cache in his hip pocket, pleased at its reassuring weight.  Each of 
the shadowrunners stripped off their packs and removed Aztec 
security uniforms.  They pulled on the baggy jumpsuits over their 
clothes.  They wouldn't stand up to close inspection, but the 
runners did not plan on sticking around long enough for anyone to 
realize that the group was bogus.  Hopefully, the confusion caused 
by the intrusion would cover their exit.  The scarlet jumpsuits were 
a definite contrast to the runners' normally muted clothes.  
	It wasn't healthy to attract attention in their line of work.  
Deveaux's suit had two small clusters of polished amber on each 
shoulder, the rank on captain in the Aztec forces.  If they ran into 
any trouble with the normal security, Deveaux's rank might be 
enough to get them through without a fight.  After adjusting the 
suits and checking to be sure they looked as little like runners as 
possible, the group moved toward the door of the lab.  Jinga 
peaked out, ready to fire at any guards that showed up.  He slipped 
out into the hall and covered the corridor with his HK.  At a signal 
from the orc, the rest of the runners filed out of the lab.  Deveaux 
turned and reset the lock.  If a security alert was called, automatic 
systems would poll all of the locks in the building, checking to see if 
any were opened at an unscheduled time.  Locking the door behind 
them might fool the system and prevent security from pinning down 
the location of the intruders.  Every bit of uncertainty on the part of 
the guards increased the chances of a smooth extraction.
	The corridor was empty except for the runners.  Luckily, 
everything had gone according to plan, so far.  They waited for 
Sika's signal to proceed.  With the main objective out of the way, 
the troll's job was to lead them out of the complex by a different 
route in order to confuse the pursuit.  Without access to the floor 
plans of the high security areas, the decker was forced to use the 
building's internal system's to piece together a map of the complex.  
Sika had been monitoring the team's progress to the lab, but was 
unable to access the room's equipment because it was isolated 
during non-working hours.  He breathed a sigh of relief when he 
viewed, through a video pickup, the runners exiting the lab.  Sika 
flicked the lights just east of the team, signaling that the corridor 
was clear.  He watched them slip down the hall toward a stairwell 
just to the north of their location.  The route to the stairs wound 
through several hallways running like labyrinths through the 
research area.  This floor's layout was designed to confuse anyone 
not familiar with the area and slow them down.  It was rumored 
that the Aztec Leopard guards trained in corridors like these to 
practice repelling espionage attempts.
	Finally, the runners came to the door leading to the stairs.  
It was thick black metal edged with yellow caution stripes.   Jinga 
stooped to examine the door knob, checking for hidden locks or 
alarms.  It would not be good to alert the Aztec's to their presence 
when they were this close to getting out.  A small hole was set in 
the center of the knob.  The orc could not tell if it was a lock or 
not.  
	"Deveaux, take a look at this."  The orc beckoned for the 
detective to check out the door.  "Is that a lock?"
	He leaned toward the door, eyeing the hole, "don't know, 
could be."
	"Oh wonderful," Watkins spoke for the first time since they 
had left the lab.  "Why don't you just open the door and find out," 
the mage said sardonically.
	"I got better ways than that to see, after all, this ain't my 
first time out."  The detective grinned at the mage and went back to 
work.  He pulled out a small flashlight and switched it on. The 
black door seemed to suck up the light when Deveaux pointed the 
light at it.  He peered into the hole, trying to discern any hidden 
circuitry or mechanisms.  Smiling, Deveaux put away the light.
	"This is an easy one."  The detective reached into his 
jumpsuit, pulling out a pen.  With a twist, a needle like blade flicked 
out of the end.  "Watch and learn kiddies."  He spit on the end of 
the blade and slid it into the hole in the knob.  Sparks shot from the 
lock and the runners heard it click.  "Little piece of advice folks, 
never leave any bare wire.  It just makes things to easy."  Jinga 
laughed at the detective's joke, but the mage just fumed at the ease 
with which Deveaux had jimmied the lock.  Every time the mage 
assumed the detective was a back-woods moron, the Cajun proved 
him wrong.  Watkins did not like being wrong.  
	Jinga entered the stairwell first, his HK at the ready.  
Deveaux followed the samurai with his pistol raised, then it was 
Bishop's turn.  He slipped into the stairwell, ready to launch a spell 
if called for.  The rear was brought up by Watkins.  He moved 
carelessly, as if we was more worried about what he was going to 
have for dinner rather than if they were going to get caught.  
Deveaux noticed the mage's bearing and turned to caution him.  
Before the words left his mouth, the door to the stairwell swung 
closed, the sound reverberating throughout the stairwell.  Jinga's 
head snapped around, thinking that there was trouble behind them.  
The mage stood with a disinterested look on his face, unapologetic 
and bored.
	"Are you cracked?"  Jinga hissed,  "watch the noise, ya 
doink."
	"Eat drek, tusker, nobody heard it."
	"You better hope so or you die first, I'll make sure."  Jinga's 
face was twisted in  snarl.  It sent ripples down Bishop's spine just 
seeing the samurai's anger.  The face-off between the two runners 
lasted several seconds before Jinga broke is off.  The orc spun 
around and began leaping up the stairs two at a time.  Deveaux 
struggled unsuccessfully to keep up with the samurai's pace.  He 
soon fell behind, gasping for breath and stopping at each landing to 
rest.  Watkins easily outdistanced Bishop, who was already tired 
from casting his spell back at the lab.  The mage soon caught up 
with the detective and passed him by without a word.  As the mage 
passed him, Deveaux shook his head.  
	Bishop caught the detective on the third landing and they 
both stopped for a moment.  Concern showed in the detectives 
eyes.  The enmity between Jinga and the mage had been present all 
along, but Deveaux could not understand why Watkins had chosen 
that particular moment to bring it to the surface.  He had assumed 
Watkins was a professional and up until now he hadn't given the 
detective any reason to doubt it.  However, he actions in the last 
several minutes did not jibe with the mage's previous behavior.  He 
was acting like an amateur.   The move almost seemed calculated.  
Bishop shrugged, thinking the same thing.  If the orc got too caught 
up in the battle of wills, he could get careless.  A mistake now 
could cost all of the runners their lives.
	"What is going on, Rick?,"  Bishop managed between gasps.
	"Hell if I know, Bishop, seems our boy isn't as slick as we 
thought."
	"Where the hell did Sika dig him up?  I have never seen him 
on the streets before.  I just assumed he was reliable if Sika hired 
him."
	"It wasn't Sika, he is Kramer's chummer."
	"What?"  Bishop did not like that.  Kramer was not adept at 
dealing with runners and could have been easily duped.  "Why 
didn't Sika say something?"
	"Guess he figured it wasn't important.  He did have me dig 
some before he OK'd him.  He ain't no dirtier than any of us."
	"But he isn't one of us."  Bishop was cut short by the 
thunder of gunfire resounding in the stairwell.  The echoes made it 
impossible to determine how many people were firing, but however 
many it was, they were going full auto.   Bishop raced up the stairs 
with Deveaux behind him.  The two runners flew up the stairs with 
renewed energy, their systems pumping adrenaline.  Bishop turned 
a corner and nearly stumbled over Watkins.  The mage was curled 
up into a ball, hugging the steel banister just above the landing.  
The sound of gunfire was louder and more frequent here.  After 
sidestepping the mage and carefully mounting the remaining steps, 
Bishop could see Jinga.  The orc's HK was spewing a stream of 
bullets up, toward the exit.  The firing was dying off as Jinga 
carefully controlled his firing to preserve his ammunition.  Bishop 
hazarded a look around the curve of the stairwell and saw several 
bodies lying in front of the steel door leading out of the stairwell.  
The door peaked open and the Shaman saw the barrel of a rifle 
emerge and fire in Jinga's direction.  
	The orc sent the shooter scurrying back with a burst of well 
placed shots.  Sensing a break in the action, Bishop leaped to his 
feet and took a place next to the Samurai.  He pulled his Predator 
from inside his jacket and chambered a round.
	"How's biz, Jinga?"  The orc did not seem to notice the 
shaman until he spoke.
	"Could be better, took a couple when they jumped me."  
For the first time Bishop noticed a spreading red stain on the orc's 
left leg.  It wasn't a serious wound, but it had to hurt like hell.  A 
human would have probably been disabled by a large caliber round 
in the thigh, but orcs tended to be tougher than most humans and 
Jinga was tough , even for an orc.
	Fuzz jumped as Jinga fired his rifle again, sending another 
would-be attacker scrambling for cover.  As the gunman retreated, 
Deveaux reached the runners' position.
	"Hoi, Jinga, you look a little busy."
	"No thanks to that fraggin mage, where the hell is he."  
Deveaux and Bishop looked at each other but didn't respond.  
Picking up on the unspoken communication, Jinga spit.  "Hiding, 
just like a damn rat.  I warned Sika."
	Bishop tried to head off the argument, "is that the only way 
out."
	"Yep," the detective nodded, "and it gonna be mean now 
they know we here."
	Bishop did not know what to say next.  The first question 
that came to his mind was to ask what had happened.  He had 
better sense than to accuse Jinga of having a itchy finger while 
trapped in the stairwell.  The time for recriminations was after the 
mission was complete.  Right now the group's main concern was 
getting out of the complex with as little contact with the security 
forces as possible.  They seemed to be aware of the fake uniforms 
that the runners wore, so stealth was now a major concern.
	"Well," Jinga broke the silence, "any ideas?"
	"Straight up and out boys, before they get more troops on 
our butts."  Bishop and Jinga sighed, but they knew Deveaux was 
right.  If they did not get away soon, the entire Aztechnology 
security force would be waiting for them when they tried to make a 
break for the fence.  If the runners were going to do something, 
they had to do it soon.  Jinga nodded and held up his hand.  Blood 
from his wound covered his callused hands as he counted down on 
his fingers.  When the last finger went down, the runners leapt to 
their feet and rushed up the last flight of stairs.  
	Just as the orc reached the landing, the metal door began to 
swing open, but Jinga slammed it shut in a guard's face with a kick 
from his huge foot.  He sent a hail of bullets point-blank through 
the door and ripped it open.  Two uniformed guards lay in the 
corridor clutching various wounds.  Another was slumped, 
unconscious against the far wall, blood streaming down his face 
from a broken nose inflicted by Jinga's kick to the door.  There was 
no sign of further resistance.  Bishop turned to retrieve the mage 
from the stairwell, but before he took two steps he felt a heavy 
hand on his shoulder.
	"Bishop, where do you think you are going?"
	"To get Watkins, we can't leave him here."
	"Why not?  He knew the risks when he took the job.  I say 
let the Aztecs take care of him."  The orc was in no mood to play 
guardian angel to the peevish mage.
	"And let him spill his guts about us?"
	"He has a point, Jinga," the detective said.
	"OK, go get him, I'll keep an eye out here.  I don't want 
those Aztecs showing up at my flat with a mad on."  Jinga released 
the shaman's shoulder and turned to watch the corridor.  Bishop 
nearly flew down the stairs to get the mage, but when he reached 
the place the mage had been cowering, the mage was nowhere to be 
found.  Watkins must have panicked and gone back the way they 
had come.
	Bishop Checked his pistol again and started down the stairs 
again.  The stairwell was silent except for the sound of his sneakers 
slapping on the concrete stairs as he made his way down.  He 
descended the stairs until he reached the level of the lab.  He 
stepped over to the door and was about to open it when he heard 
voices coming from the other side.  The sound of several men 
arguing clearly carried through the steel door, but their words were 
muffled to the point where Bishop was unable to make out what the 
men were saying.  The only obvious thing was that either Watkins 
had gone even farther underground or he was now in the hands of 
the Aztechnology security forces.  Either way, he was beyond the 
shaman's ability to help.  The only thing Bishop could do now was 
save his own skin.  With renewed vigor, brought on by the thought 
of capture, Bishop hurtled up the stairs, two at a time.  He reached 
the top and did not stop running.  He burst into the corridor and 
collided with the orc who was crouched down.  Both runners ended 
up in a tangle on the floor.   The orc cursed and extracated himself 
from the mess.  He looked down at the shaman with an angry scowl 
on his face.
	"What the hell is your problem, I thought you were bringing 
the mage with ya?"
	Bishop sat up and shook his head to clear it.  The collision 
with the sturdy orc had stunned him.  After a few moments, Bishop 
recovered enough to sputter a response, "He's gone, I think they 
got him."
	"Good riddance, I say,"  Jinga snapped.  "One less person to 
split the loot with."
	"There may not be any loot to split.  The troops may be on 
their way up right now.  If we want to get out of here, we had 
better move it."  Bishop cursed the lack of a direct link with Sika, 
their group's decker.  If they could talk to him, they would have a 
better idea of where the security forces were.  The only thing Sika 
could do now was nudge them in the right direction.   The runners 
had sacrificed a more direct connection to the decker in favor of a 
more subtle approach.  They were paying for it now.
	Deveaux cursed and cocked his pistol as he caught the 
sound of a lot of boots stamping up the stairs the had just climbed.  
Jinga and Fuzz looked at each other and dismissed their anger.  The 
Aztec troops on their way up the stairs were the most direct threat 
to the team, any personal quarrels could be settled later.  Without 
warning the lights in the stairwell blinked out.  This was answered 
be curses from with the stairwell.  As if in response, the area was 
filled with a sharp hissing as the chemical fire extinguishers installed 
throughout the stairwell were switched on.
	"Sika, you slick fragger," Jinga cheered.  The troll decker 
had found a way to aid the runners during their escape.  Using the 
complex's internal systems, the troll was using the building against 
the Aztecs.  With their hope renewed, the runners dashed down the 
corridor, guns at the ready, and made their way toward the service 
exit where they were supposed to pick up Mr. Kramer.  His 
extraction was the only portion of the mission that the runners had 
not completed yet, but in some ways it was the most important.  If 
they were unable to get him out, the payoff would be sizably less. 
	The group passed through several empty hallways before 
coming to a dark section in a service corridor.  While Jinga and 
Bishop watched for guards, Deveaux tried the door.  It was 
unlocked and swung open at the detectives touch.  The inside of the 
room was dark and Deveaux couldn't see into the room more than a 
few feet.  He struggled for a moment to make out the shadowy 
shapes in the room, but gave up.  He searched for a light switch and 
after flicking it on and off decided it was useless.  Sika must have 
shut off the power to the room.
	"Jinga, I need your eyes.  I'll watch the hall."  The orc 
grunted and slipped into the room.  Deveaux switched places with 
the samurai , taking up a post next to Bishop in the hall.    "Do ya 
see anything, Jinga?"
	At first, the orc did not reply, then a low growl started in 
the back of his throat.  It rumbled deep down in the orc's chest and 
grew to a yell.  The shout startled the other runners and they 
whirled around to see what had upset the orc. Lights came on in the 
room revealing a group of armored men standing with their 
weapons in line with the orc.  The armor was painted in a yellowish, 
spotted pattern that resembled the pelt of a leopard.  Emanating 
from small spotlights mounted on the left shoulder of the armor, the 
halogen lamps shined into Jinga's eyes, blinding him temporarily.  
The armor covered almost their entire body, lending the troops an 
inhuman appearance.  Their faces were covered by boxy helmets 
with reflective face shields.  The helmets probably gave the guards 
the same ability to see in the dark as Jinga had.
	  Both runners whirled around at the shout of the orc's 
scream.  They only glimpsed the guards for a moment before they 
extinguished their spotlights.  Sika chose that instant to return the 
power to the room's lights.
	His wired reflexes just a bit faster than those of the Leopard 
guards, Jinga hit the floor and rolled to the left of the doorway.  His 
HK spat Teflon jacketed rounds into the gathered troopers, sending 
them into disarray.  His eyesight adjusting after the dramatic change 
in lighting, Deveaux pulled the trigger of his pistol, sending the 
guards into further confusion.  Magic coursed through Bishop Fuzz 
as he called upon the power of his totem to help dispatch he guards.  
Energy crackled from Bishop's left hand where a ball of light grew.  
He reached out toward the guards and released the ball of magical 
energy.  If flew toward the group, bursting as it struck one 
particularly unlucky man.  His armor smoked and melted where the 
sphere had struck.  He reeled back and landed in a pile on the floor.
	The rest of the Aztec's scattered, trying to find cover from 
the runners' murderous fire.  Bishop thought he could make out the 
shape of someone without armor diving behind a row of steel, 
storage lockers.  Most of the Aztec guards took up defensive 
positions behind the desks and file cabinets that filled the 
maintenance office.  After a moment, they began to return fire.  
Bishop and Deveaux ducked back out of the doorway to avoid the 
hail of bullets.  Jinga was not as lucky.  Although his prone position 
made it difficult for the guards to fire at the samurai from behind 
their cover, the guards shot wildly, hoping to strike the orc with a 
lucky shot.  Jinga cried out in pain as another bullet impacted with 
his already injured leg.  The shaman heard the orc's cry and peaked 
in to see if he could help.  
	The orc growled, angrier than Bishop had every seen him 
and jumped to his feet.  He charged the desk the guards were using 
for cover, oblivious to the bullets flying all around him.  Jinga 
staggered from several hits that failed to penetrate his kevlar jacket, 
but kept racing toward the desk.  He hit it with a crash, sending the 
guards behind it skidding into the lockers directly behind them.  
Jinga continued to push the desk with all of his might, shouldering 
it back toward the lockers.  The guards tried to scramble out of the 
way of the steel and flesh juggernaut, but a few were unsuccessful.  
	The heavy desk smashed into the lockers, pinning three 
guards.  Still leaning into the desk, Jinga raised his rifle and 
peppered the trapped men with armor piercing rounds.  Shards of 
ballistic plastic flew in every direction as the orc's gun chewed the 
guards to pieces.  One of the guards who had escaped his 
companion's fate steadied his auto-rifle and aimed it at the raging 
orc, intent on putting a few rounds into his unprotected head.  The 
leopard guard shuddered as a well placed shot from Deveaux's 
pistol burrowed into his neck where the helmet and the chest armor 
met.  With the danger of hitting their own men in a crossfire 
eliminated, the guards on the opposite side of the room opened up 
on the orc street samurai.  His armored jacket absorbed most of the 
punishment, but several rounds found its way into the orc's flesh, 
sending him to the floor in a heap.
	Satisfied that the major threat had been eliminated, the 
troopers, emerged from behind their cover, ready to fire at the 
other runners.  So intent on eliminating the remaining runners, the 
guards forgot about Jinga.  Fighting to stay conscious, the orc 
waited for them to pass him by.  With their backs to him, he opened 
fire once again.  Deveaux and Bishop recognized the sound of 
Jinga's HK, peered into the room and added their firepower to 
catch the guards in a grinding crossfire that made short work of the 
armored troopers.  As the last guard fell, a shadowy form slipped 
out from behind the row of lockers.  Bishop began to raise his 
pistol, but stopped when he realized it was the missing mage.
	"Watkins, thank the powers, how did you get away?"  
Bishop walked forward to greet the mage.
	"Escape, what on Earth do you mean?  I didn't escape."  
Bishop was puzzled by the mage's words, but all of his confusion 
evaporated as Watkins produced a nasty looking shotgun from 
within his long jacket.  "The game is over, you are pinched, now 
drop the guns."  Bishop and Deveaux complied with the order, but 
Jinga refused.
	"You bloody pink skin, you work for them."  Jinga launched 
himself at the mage and knocked the shotgun aside.  Pellets 
skittered off of the metal lockers, filling the room with a tinny 
rattle.  The gun spun out of the mage's grasp, landing in the corner 
of the room amidst the carnage.  The orc's face split in a gruesome 
smile and he raised his rifle.  Pressing it against the mage's forehead, 
he pulled the trigger.  The rifled answered with a hollow click, out 
of ammunition.  The mage reached out, grabbing the orc's massive 
arm and tired to grapple with the samurai. 
	Jinga laughed at Watkins' puny fighting skills, but his humor 
was cut short.  Pain shot up his left arm, sending sheets of fire 
through his nerves.  The agony brought the orc to his knees.  Magic 
flowed from the mage's hands and into Jinga's arm.  Slowly, the 
flesh began to melt off of the bones, then the bones liquefied, 
leaving behind a hideous soup of putrid tissue.  Bishop snatched up 
his Predator  from the floor and leveled it at Watkins.  It bucked in 
his hands as he pulled the trigger.  One of the rounds flew high, 
starling the mage.   The other slammed into his shoulder.  Watkins 
released what was left of Jinga's arm.  The mage twisted away from 
the shot and the orc slammed to the floor.  Staggered by the round's 
impact, the mage wobbled  as he rushed for cover behind the row 
of lockers.  The runners heard the opening of a door and the sound 
of Watkins' footsteps receding into he night.
	The shattered remains of an entire team of elite 
Aztechnology Leopard Troops lay scattered around the room.  The 
runners did not have time to gloat over their success.  Bishop was 
too concerned about Jinga.  The orc clawed at the remains of his 
ruined arm.  The destruction had stopped midway up his forearm, 
but blood continued to flow from the wound.  Bishop centered his 
thoughts and focused his remaining shamanistic powers on a 
healing spell to staunch the flow of blood from Jinga's arm.  The 
detective ripped the fake security uniform off and tore strips of 
cloth to use as makeshift bandages.  Their combined effort finally 
succeeded in stopping the flow of blood from the orc's arm. 
	The two runners helped the orc to his feet.  He nearly 
collapsed as the pain from his wounded leg slashed up his spine.  
Gritting his teeth, Jinga staggered forward, leaning on Bishop for 
support.  Deveaux stepped around the row of lockers, careful of an 
ambush by the mage.  He kicked open the door.  It slammed open 
to reveal a crumpled body. At first the detective though it might be 
Watkins, but after kneeling down to examine it, he discovered it 
was Mr. Kramer, the man they were supposed to extract from the 
employ of  the Aztechnology.
	He checked for a pulse, but found none.  Kramer was bound 
and gagged, trussed up like a Christmas present.  A clean, finger 
sized hole marred his otherwise normal face. The edges of the 
wound were cauterized, as if by a laser. The wound probably came 
from a custom weapon designed to dispatch its victim quickly and 
quietly.  Waving away the faint smell of burnt flesh, Deveaux 
motioned for the runners to proceed.   Half dragging Jinga, Bishop 
Fuzz trotted out of the building, following the detective into the 
relative cover of the manicured trees surrounding the complex's 
main building.  Jinga let out a loan moan at each step.  Bishop felt 
badly for his friend.  The pain from the mage's spell must have been 
excruciating.
	The runners squatted just inside the line of trees, watching 
for signs of more pursuit.  If the bodies in the office were 
discovered, the entire complex would go on alert.  It seemed that 
the plan so far had been to limit the knowledge of the break-in in 
order to deal with it without it becoming widely known.  It would 
not look good if the public discovered the ease with which a group 
of shadowrunners was able to breach the lofty Aztechnology 
security net and come very near to escaping with valuable data.  
This worked in the runners' favor.  As long as the alert was limited, 
they had a chance of slipping out past the normal security 
precautions.
	Trying to make it out with the Maxi-Taxi, as planned, was 
out of the question.  If Watkins was still alive he would have that 
exit blocked.  The gate where the runners had entered was probably 
being watched as well.  Their only choice was to throw out all of 
their plans and try to out think their pursuers.  The unpredictability 
might be enough to give the runners the edge.  While Bishop tended 
to the injured orc, Deveaux tried to recall as much as he could 
about the maps he had used to plan the original assault.  He 
struggled to remember as many details as possible.  He knew for 
sure that the stand of trees that they were hiding in surrounded the 
entire complex, broken only by occasional foot paths and wider 
breaks allowing traffic to pass through.
	The walls surrounding the complex were tall, but not 
impassable.  They were designed to keep unwanted visitors out by 
delaying them long enough for guards to arrive and deal with the 
problem.  Jinga was the big problem.  In his condition, he would 
never be able to make it over the wall without help and Bishop and 
Deveaux were far too week to aid the heavy orc over the wall.  
Getting past the wall was the hardest part of escaping.  Once out, 
the runners could easily lose themselves in the crowds outside the 
complex.  Even though it was late in the evening, Seattle never 
slept.  
	Throngs of people passed up and down the streets 
surrounding the Aztechnology, willing to fulfill all of the corps' 
employees' needs and desires.  Sub cultures dedicated to sating 
people's dark sides inevitably sprang up around large arcologies, 
allowing the residents to express their baser instincts without fear of 
becoming entangled in the Corporation's regulations.  It had been 
much the same during the previous century with military bases, 
surrounded by bars and brothels.  Suddenly, Deveaux got an idea.
	He called Bishop over and explained the plan as quickly as 
he could.  After finishing his whispered instruction, the detective 
rushed off into the trees, heading for the south wall.  As he watched 
the detective disappear into the darkness, he checked Jinga's 
condition.  The orc's breathing was more regular, but his face was 
pale, almost the color of aged ivory.  His eyes were closed and his 
jaw was set against the pain.     Fuzz decided to let the orc rest for 
a moment before they had to set out toward the south wall.  By the 
time they got there, Fuzz hoped, Deveaux would have completed 
his part of the plan and the runners would be on their way out of 
the complex.
	After pausing just long enough for Jinga to catch his breath, 
Bishop urged him forward.  They wended their way through the 
trees, careful not to stray on to any of the paths set aside for the 
corp workers' recreation.  Finally, the wall came into view.  It was 
eight feet tall and topped with decorative looking spikes.  Bishop 
knew that the spikes were for more than show.  The could easily 
pierce a careless intruder.  As the runners neared the wall, the trees 
grew more sparse.  he area directly bordering the wall was devoid 
of vegetation, making it difficult to find cover.  The only thing left 
to do was wait.  Bishop prayed to his totem that they were in the 
right place.  The wall was several city blocks long and Deveaux 
could choose almost any part of it to breach.  If they were lucky, it 
would be close to their position.  Jinga was near the end of his 
endurance.
	Minutes passed, seeming to take an eternity.  The silence 
was broken only by the orc's labored breathing.  Every so often 
Bishop caught a snatch of sound from the other side of the wall, the 
sound of people shouting mingled with the rush of traffic passing 
along the street outside.  For an instant, Bishop thought he could 
hear the shouts grow just a bit more insistent, but he dismissed it as 
his imagination.  The shaman's attention was drawn back to the 
injured orc by a renewed series of moans.  If Deveaux didn't act 
soon, the orc might not live long enough to enjoy his share of the 
take.
	Just when Bishop had resigned himself to the orc's death, 
the sound of screams burst from the other side of the wall.  The 
curses were soon followed by the sound of a revving engine.  The 
engine bellowed a deep growl, the growl of a large truck.  The 
sound moved closer, eliciting more curses form the gathered crowd.  
A smile spread across Bishop's face.  The sound could only mean 
one thing:  Deveaux had found their ticket out.
	Bishop hefted the big orc to his feet and waited for Deveaux 
to complete his plan.  Just as Bishop was able to steady Jinga, the 
wall several meters away exploded in a spray of ferrocrete.  The 
nose of a heavy transport truck emerged through the rubble like an 
armadillo  burrowing through dirt.  The detective was perched in 
the cab, motioning to the other runners with his pistol.
	"Let's go folks, Lone Star is gonna be here any time."
	Bishop helped Jinga up into the cab of the truck and quickly 
followed him in.  Before Bishop could even swing the door shut 
Deveaux threw the truck into reverse and gunned the engine.  The 
truck rumbled away from the wall, sending up another cloud of 
ferrocrete dust.  Horns sounded as the truck backed into the traffic 
passing the compound, but the detective ignored them, 
concentrating on keeping an eye out for pursuit.  
	Soon the sound of the sirens faded into the distance, leaving 
the cab of the truck strangely silent.    The two runners eyed the 
motionless orc, their faces filled with concern.  
	"Is he gonna make it, Bishop?"  Deveaux's normally jovial 
manner was missing.
	"I honestly don't know, Rick"  Bishop shook his head.  "I 
am out of spells and his is pretty shocky.  If we don't get him to a 
body shop he is flat lined."
	"The closest is Seattle General, but that's the first place they 
are gonna look.  Is he gonna make it to HMO?"
	"He's gonna have to."
	Without another word Deveaux headed the truck toward 
HMO.  The few extra blocks seemed to add an eternity to the trip.  
Finally, the building came into sight.  Deveaux drove the truck up 
onto the pavement, right up to the door.
	"Get him out, I gotta loose this monster," the detective sped 
off with the truck as soon as Bishop had Jinga free.  The shaman 
dragged the orc inside and shouted for help.  Doctors materialized 
everywhere, taking Jinga from Bishops arms.  One especially burly 
human lifted the orc on to gurney and began rolling him into the 
back room of the ward.  His disappeared though a pair of swinging 
doors surrounded by a frantic group of doctors.
	Bishop eyed the crowd in the lobby of the HMO and slipped 
into the restroom.  He entered one of the stalls and sat down on the 
toilet.  The last bit of energy flowed out of him as his adrenaline 
rush ebbed.  The fatigue brought on by the spells and the mission 
tumbled down on Bishop's shoulders all at once.  He almost 
swooned.  He sat there for what seemed like hours until he heard 
the door of the restroom open.
	"Excuse me! Are you the one who brought in the orc?"
	Bishop sprang to his feet and his hand flew to the gun 
stuffed in his waistband.  He pushed open the door of the stall and 
peered out.  A doctor in soiled scrubs stood in the doorway with a 
look of consolation on his face.
	"Did you bring in the orc?"  He asked again.
	"Yes," Bishop answered, "how is he?"
	The doctor paused for a moment, "I am sorry, but we were 
unable to save his hand."  After another pause he continued, "he is 
stable now, but the tissue damage was to extensive to reconstruct 
the limb.  We had to remove it below the elbow."
	Relief washed over Bishop.  One look at Jinga's arm had 
told Bishop that it wasn't salvageable, but he was alive.  Knowing 
Jinga, he would see this as a chance to pick up one of the deadlier 
prosthesis on the black market.  Bishop knew that the orc was 
going to be fine, but he was going to be hell on fire to finish what 
he had started on Watkins.  However, that was going to be another 
run in the shadows.
The End
[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]
[]	Super Blabnovel-A continuing saga on DATANET (215)-563-9815	   []
[]	 Edited and Ripped Off by The Slipped Disk. (What a guy!)	   []
[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]-[]
Okay, guys.  We're starting over.  Be mature about it, don't digress
or get hostile, and just write.  Okay?	Thanks...
   The summer night slowly crept on.  A group of teenagers had decided to get
away from the heat and go camping in New Jersey.  They had one van and 10 sleep
-ing bags, so they had no problems.  For two weeks they were free from parents
and were just pleased to get away.  On the last night, everybody felt a little
sad that this was it, but the kids were firm that this would be the best night
yet.  A tall red haired girl named
Rommye had planned a sing-a-long for that night, and everyone was looking
forward to it.	Two of the boys started collecting firewood at dusk.  Withing
an hour they had a roaring fire blazing
and were in the midst of the loudest noise the forest had heard in quite a while
  Fifty miles away, a twenty megaton bomb exploded about William Penn's hat.
The temperature rose to 150,000,000 in one millionth of a second.  3,000,000
people in Philadelphia and the area were killed instantly.  Everything for
40 miles around ground zero burst into
raging flames.
   Fifty miles to the west, the aging vinyard master saw the looming
mushroom cloud.  "Damn!", he muttered, "There go my best customers."
   He slowly gathered his tools, ambled over to the shed and - as he had
done many times in his many years - put them away carefully.  Each one
had its place in a system only he knew.
   His daughter (now dead) in Philadelphia used to kid him about the seeming
disorder in the shed.  He remembered her chiding him about the randomness
in his organization almost everytime the family - her and his grandchildren -
visited.  The memory and the realization that he had been nagged, lovingly,
for the last time brought a sudden tear that ran down one of the many
crags and crevasses in his sun-worn face.
   "Well, he said to himself, "she said she'd hafta clean it up someday
and I said she had better wait till I was dead.  Too late now ... "
   He carefully locked-up the shed, went into the house, got his pistol,
and shot himself.  Nobody noticed.
  MEANWHILE THE KIDS BACK AT CAMP SAW THE EXPLOSION GLOWING IN THE DISTANCE.
THE TALL RED HAIRED IMMEDIATELY NEW WHAT WAS HAPPENING AND TOOK CONTROL OF THE
SITUATION.  SHE ORDERED ALL OF THE KIDS INTO A NEARBY CAVE WHERE THEY ALL
SQUEEZED INTO A CREVICE TO AVOID THE COMING FALLOUT.  HOW WAS SHE TO KNOW THAT
THEY MIGHT JUST AS WELL HAVE CHOSEEN TO DIE?  HOW WAS SHE TO KNOW WHAT WAS TO
COME?  HER NAME WAS WENDI.
Wendi had enough smarts to know that no matter what she did they were all goners
At that range and distance it would be only a matter of moments before the tre-
mendous heat of the blast reached them, then the blast would come, and lastly
the radiation that would cook their bodies from the inside out. She wondered to
herself 'Who would have thought a camping trip would be A-bombed?'
   Large billows of sulfurous smoke billowed before Wendi.  Then a small
horned creature emerged from tDwithin the stench, coughing.
   "By lord Lucifer's gonads, we've GOT to get the transportation system fixed!"
he muttered.   Squinting in Wendi's direction, he said "Hey, kid, are you the
leader of this unfortunate bunch?"
   "Ye-e-es", she stammered.
   "Well the boss has an offer you can't refuseh
We call it the 'pay me now & pay me later' option plan.  Here it is ...".  The
demon produced a long roll of parchement.
   "Oh you devil, you!" she responded, grabbing the document and scanning it.
"The usual Faust contract?"
   "Oh, not at all!  This is our special instant resurrection plan for
nuclear accidents"
   Intrigued, Wendi unrolled the parchement and began to read ...
  Suddenly she burst out "What do you mean, '80% of my soul'?????"
   "Well, it's really self explanatory.  Just sign on the blazing line."
   "Sorry, I'd rather live through this nightmare. "  she threw the parchment
and walked back into the cave.
   The demon sighed and dissapeared.  Another one of those days.
   Around the world 3500 nuclear warheads exploded.  3,700,000,000 were killed.
Untold havok became the rule, and order the exception.
The entire world blazed with nuclear fire, the once great cities were now all
vaporized into radioactive dust, and the bones of the people who once lived
there were were scattered as the winds began to churn.
   Meanwhile back in the cave, Dan found a flashlight, and explored the back of
the cave where he found an entrance to an inner chamber. "Hey! C'mon back guys,
there's more to this cave!" The rest ran towards Dan, and followed him deeper
into the cavern. Rats, and bats scurried past them, and the girls all squealed
as they felt the rats run past their legs, and bats flying past their heads.
   As they ventured deeper into the cave, the stark realization of the world
ending hit them.
   Wendy decided to change her name again, but the old one, "Rommye",
looked misspelled as it was so she decided on "Suzi", after the heroine in
one of her favourite films. "It's all Reagan's fault," she muttered as they
explored the musty reaches of the cavern.
   Marty, one of the younger of the kids, caught her voice as she said it and
asked "Why is it all Reagan's fault?"
   "I don't know," she replied; "it just seemed like the thingto say."
   "Boy, it's lucky we brought this lantern with us," Carl announced. "It's a
newone, so the battery will last a while. Let's take inventory." They produced
a sack of food, a canteen full of water, and someone had a few old keys from
home that they had somehow grabbed when the bomb hit Philly. Naturally, no one
had remembered the cheese dip, and the only digital watch among them had quit
keeping the correct time earlier that night in a fit of pique.
   "Hey, add this to the inventory!" Marty yelled, apologizing an instant later
for showering them all with ceiling debris.
   Carl took the black rod from him and examined it, wondering what the star
on the tip was for... it looked for all the world like a Fairy Godmother's magic
than stringent quality control.
   As he handed the lantern to Suzi so that he could get a closer and more
careful look at the thing, the teenaged girl cried out, for she had seen a
message inscribed on the wall in an uneven script. Taking the light off Carl's
wand, she focussed it on the rock and the group saw
	MAGIC WORD: XYZZY
   From deeper in the tunnel-like cavern the song of a small bird incongruously
emerged.
The bird's song grew louder and a flapping of wings was heard....there! out
of the darrk flew a battered sparrow. It  perched on a near by rock and
stared at the young campers. An eeire starre - as if to say "you are in
danger here ...you do not belong to this life" .
From the mouth of the cave a yellowish glow came and heat. The blast not many
miles away had finally reached them. They knew now that they were alone in the
orld......alone except for the starnge beings in the cave with them.
Suzi shined the flashlight at the small bird. It sat there arrogant..looking
back into the beam..it's eyes looking evil and penetrating. With a screach and
wildly flapping wings it returned to the darkest reaches of the cave.
Suzi and Carl looked at each other - speechless. Then both turned and looked
again at the scrpit on the wall.....it seemed as if one of the letters had
been misplaced......yes! it had! XYZYZ.
All of a sudden the cave became very dark...even the flashlight did little to
illuminate the room...there was a noise from the mouth of the cave..a sound
like a vault door beeing closed. From deep within the cave the screah of a
bird could be heard. Everyone in the group gathered close together.
They were afraid...alone .... and trapped.
   The bird returned to its perch and sat there. Its only thoughts were of
irritability in the mornings due to lack of coffee.It did, however, manage
a brief flutter when Dierdre (another of the younger children) tripped over a
small wire-mesh cage. "Hey!" she called, her voice echoing through the cavern.
"I bet we could trap the cocatiel in this!" (She was immensely proud of knowing
the word "cocatiel", and used it even whenincorrect.)
   Carl grabbed the cage and jumped after the bird, narrowly missing it as it
fluttered to another perch in a panicked burst. His jump took him into the
norhtern wall, where the letters "MAGIC WORD XYZZY" were inexplicably back to
normal. "Kuso!" he cursed in Japanese. "It's all Reagan's fault."
   "No," replied Navrita (who used to be Suzi, but who had just changed her
name in a fit of pique). "I think it's the wand-- the bird is afraid of it."
   "It's STILL all reagan's fault," muttered Carl, who had not changed his
name once this story but felt one coming on nonetheless. Still, after tossing
the artifact to another of his band, he managed to get the bird in the cage
(though it did squawk something about wanting to talk to its lawyer).
   [Suddenly, and inexplicably, the scene of our story shifts to outer space.
Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia are on board the Death Star, escaping from
the Imperial Guards.]
   LUKE: "Down here, Leia!" (They run down a corridor only to bump into two
	 armoured troopers. Seeing their weapons, our heroes drop theirs and
	  raise their hands in surrender.)
   TROOPER #1 (into intercom): "Control station, this is Lieutenants Gordon
	      and Rogers. We have captured the prisoners. Proceeding to
	      detention block 023 as per orders. Over."
   INTERCOM: "Roger." (pause) "Gordon, new instructions. Prisoners are to be
	      bound and gagged, then transported to the block under Lord
	      Vader's command... number 7."
   TROOPER #1: "Bond and 007, roger. More to come?"
   INTERCOM: "Negative. Control out."
   TROOPER #2: "Alright, we only have one set of handcuffs so this is what
		we'll do. Have the male lie in the corner of the elevator, face
		down; I'll sit on top of him to keep him from escaping.  The
		female will stand in the opposite corner, with your blaster
		trained on her.  Got that, Gordon?"
   TROOPER #1: "Right."
   LEIA: "Look, I think I have a plan. When the big one sits on you, throw him
	  off." (whispers)
   LUKE: "But what about the one with the blaster?"
   LEIA: "I'll open my coat and distract him."
   LUKE: "What good will that do?"
   LEIA: "I'm not wearing anything underneath!"
   LUKE: "Ohhh, I get it... you flash Gordon and I buck Rogers."
	  With that, we return to our story.
   Rommye, back to her REAL name, couldn't shake the feeling that they had to
go deepeer into the collosal cavern to do anything. She led the group down a
twisty little passageway but stopped short.
   "What's wrong?" asked Carl, who decided not to change his name after all
since Rommye/Suzi/Navrita/etc already had.
   "Look," she pointed out with a quivering hand. The young man followed it
to the biggest serpent either had seen outside of their high school (but that's
another story).
   "Snakes," Carl moaned. "Why does it always have to be snakes?"
  The sound of running feet came from behind them.  A tall, good looking boy
without a stitch of clothes on ran into the caves.  "Boy!" he said.  "You
could roast marshmallows on the sidewalk!"
   "Why should we?" asked Suzi, after she had gotten over snickering.
   "It's all Reagan's fault," the nude youth muttered, and disappeared without
a trace(well, actually he DID leave a trace, but nobody noticed it so it's
not particularly important). They soon forgot about him in lieuu of more
important things.
  The marshmallows were delicious; the silence was endless; but when Carl
screamed, "XYZZY", Rommye wanted to ask,"Why, too?", but a deep voice rang
out,"Cave closing soon."
  "Boy! You could roast more marshmallows in the street."
   "Or a cockatiel."
   "Shut up."
   As they entered a new portion of the place, they were amazed to find out
that they were utterly and completely lost. They were in a tiny little maze of
passageways, all alike. And there they stayed for some time.
   Twelve years later, when they had finally found a way out, the world was
fresh and green again. "Guess that blows all the 'nuclear winter' theories to
hell," noted Stanislaw (Carl, after all this time, had decided to change his
name too). Marshmallow trees and cockatiels abounded, and all the people in
the land were happy. Nobody hit each other with nasty objects any more, and
they even talked kindly to inanimate objects that had inadvertantly caused them
injury. Although the climate was so mild clothes were not neccesary, every man
wore a hat so he could tip it politely to ladies in the street. No one pirated
software, and there were always good, heart-warming shows on television.
   It was so boring that the group decided to go back into the cave and pretend
they were still teenagers.
