A Bomb Shelter G-File Productio
THE TREE
IN THE WOOD THERE GREW A TREE
AND A FINE, FINE TREE WAS HE
AND ON THAT TREE THERE WAS A LIMB
AND ON THAT LIMB THERE WAS A BRANCH
AND ON THAT BRANCH THERE WAS A NEST
AND IN THAT NEST THERE WAS AN EGG
AND IN THAT EGG THERE WAS A BIRD
AND ON THAT BIRD A FEATHER CAME
AND ON THAT FEATHER WAS A BED
AND ON THAT BED THERE WAS A GIRL
AND ON THAT GIRL THERE WAS A MAN
AND ON THAT MAN THERE WAS A SEED
AND ON THAT SEED THERE WAS A BOY 
AND ON THAT BOY THERE WAS A MAN
AND ON THAT MAN THERE WAS A GRAVE
AND ON THAT GRAVE THERE GREW A TREE
The problem with time-travel...
           The problem with time-travel, Alwyn mused  as  he
sat  gently  rocking  his  great great grandfather, was that
contrary to popular belief and in contradiction to  most  of
the  known laws of nature (at least the ones reported in the
popular  science  pages  of  Sunday  supplements),  it   was
entirely  feasible.   The baby on his lap burped, and gently
deposited a thin stream of warm milk up his sleeve. Sighing,
Alwyn transferred him to the other arm, and began a delicate
mopping-up operation with a mauve silk pocket-handkerchief.
           It had all started one fine  spring  morning,  as
many  of such tales do. Alwyn had been working on his latest
invention, a strange device that was supposed  to  cut  down
the  time  needed  to cook a Christmas pudding by at least a
half.
           Alwyn was  one  of  those  pencil-behind-each-ear
absentminded  professors  who  were always at a loss when it
came to finding something to write a  note  to  the  milkman
with.  Yes, he had a long straggly white beard, which he was
indeed fond of stroking. And the  obligatory  cat,  a  black
one.
           His lab was full of  strange  bits  of  this  and
that,  and pieces of the other, all strung together by miles
of rainbow wire. Somewhere at the heart of the mess was half
an  old  television  with  three of the valves ripped out. A
number of radios, bits from long-defunct computers  and  the
starter  coils from an antiquated Robin Reliant that now sat
gathering dust outside the potting shed mingled  in  a  fond
embrace  sealed  by  blobs of solder and bits of Blutack. In
one of the more remote corners of the  lab,  a  small  half-
eaten  cheese  and  pickle  sandwich  was  wired  up  to the
entrails of a toaster. What the mould colony rapidly  estab-
lishing  a  complex  civilization on the sandwich felt about
this, History does not say.
           At the focus of all this attention  was  a  small
open-sided  box,  more of a cage in actual fact, constructed
of a criss-crossing assembly of copper rods.  And inside the
box, resplendent amidst the chaos on a gleaming white Wedge-
wood plate, was a small black sticky Christmas pudding  with
a tired sprig of holly gamely trying to spread its leaves in
a decorative way on its top.
           Alwyn made his way over to one side of  the  lab,
where  a huge switch of the pull-this-to-create-Frankenstein
variety sprouted out of the side of a metal cabinet, resting
innocuously in the OFF position.
           He  switched  it,  as  one  usually   does   with
switches...
           A crackle of electricity that spiked his hair and
a  nasty ozoney smell later, Alwyn picked himself up off the
dusty floor and dashed over to the other side  of  the  lab.
The  cage was still there, its bars glowing red-hot. But the
plate and its contents had vanished.
           This was a slight set-back. Alwyn,  even  in  his
dazed  state,  could  appreciate  the  fact that no cook, no
matter how pressed for time, would  be  happy  to  vapourise
their  Christmas  pudding in the name of Science. Not unless
they were dieting, anyway.
           Sighing as he contemplated a lean supper, he went
to  turn  off  the  machine. There was a sudden explosion of
displaced air, and the merry shattering sound that only hor-
ribly  expensive  china  can  make. Shards of Wedgewood flew
around the lab, one just clipping his ear.
           Alwyn felt  his  ear  gingerly.  Despite  hurting
enough  to make him feel faint, it had suffered only a minor
scratch. Distractedly licking the blood  from  his  fingers,
his  racing  mind  analyzing the metallic taste, he wandered
over to the smoking remains of his gutted equipment.
           Inside the cage was a tiny pile  of  white  dust,
surmounted  by  a wrinkled, shrivelled brown holly leaf that
had given up all pretence of being decorative.   He  reached
out  slowly to touch the leaf and withdrew his hand hastily,
sucking his fingers. The leaf was so cold it had burnt  him.
As  if to repay him for the terrible experience it had obvi-
ously undergone, the leaf crumbled in a tiny tinkle of  fal-
ling crystals.
           The days and nights were punctuated by  the  loud
sounds  of  furious  inventing. His equipment melted down so
often that he hardly bothered with clearing it up any  more,
merely  bolting the next machine onto the smoking remains of
its predecessor. At last, Alwyn reached two conclusions, one
of them obvious, and the other revolutionary in the extreme.
           Firstly, whatever happened to be at the focus  of
his  machine  when it was switched on vanished. This was the
easy observation, and was hardly likely to win him any Nobel
prizes.  Secondly, when the machine was turned off again, it
reappeared. And lastly, he found out  where  they  went,  or
more  precisely when: back in time. (Now, smart readers will
notice that makes three conclusions, but I just didn't  want
to spoil the surprise earlier. Not so astute readers, please
count again...)
           Why? A good question  that  Alwyn  asked  himself
repeatedly.  The  problem  with questions, even the best, is
that  they  demand  answers,  and  this  one  was  certainly
clamouring  for one. But in that respect at least, Alwyn was
stumped: he knew what was happening, but not why it was hap-
pening. But he didn't care too much, he was too busy missing
meals, losing pencils and running the local supermarket  out
of  Christmas  puddings.  And  they  didn't care, because it
saved them having to put them  away  until  the  winter.  So
everyone was happy, as people should be in stories.
           Finally, after a week in which nothing had  blown
up,  burnt  down  or emitted nasty smells, he decided to try
the ultimate test: he would go back through time.  This,  he
had already decided, was impossible. If he was to go back in
time, it would set off all sorts of paradoxes...  and  para-
doxes are impossible.
           Following such lines of reasoning,  he  stood  in
the middle of a cage, now much larger than the original, and
flicked THE switch, fully confident that nothing would  hap-
pen...  and  fell  gently  half  a  foot onto the banks of a
river.
           He looked  blearily  around,  wondering  if  some
strange  trick  of  the  light could make a small, dingy lab
look like a wide, lively looking river. In the distance, two
brown and white tricks of the light were happily chewing the
cud and wondering if it would rain later.
           He watched the play of the sun on the water as it
glinted  happily off little ripples, casting dappled shadows
onto the red and grey fish swimming happily up the river. He
dipped his hand into the cool water and drew it out, wet.
           The idea was beginning to dawn on him that  maybe
this  wasn't  a  trick  of  the  light,  but that it was all
somehow real. Either that, or he was hallucinating after the
lab  had  blown up around him, and he'd been hit on the head
by some inclement piece of nondescript machinery. Seeing  as
he  could  never  hope  to notice the difference, anyway, he
decided to treat everything as real...
           ...Including the  beautiful  girl  who  had  just
emerged  from behind a nearby willow tree, clad in a flowing
white dress that offset her pale complexion and golden hair.
           "Hello, stranger," she said shyly, mirroring that
classic  line that has so oft been abused in cheap and tacky
novels. "Where do you hie from?"
           "Hi! Er, hie?" Alwyn stuttered, somewhat put  off
at  the  sight  of her. He wasn't used to things that didn't
have bundles of wires disappearing into them.
           To cut a  long,  and  potentially  tedious  story
shorter, her name was Elaine, and through some mystical pro-
cess entirely hidden to the writer, she had  become  smitten
with  the  stranger,  standing there in confusion dressed in
those strange clothes. And later, as they  lay  together  in
the shadow of a tree, the earth did move for them most beau-
tifully, as one might expect in such an implausible tale.
           Eighteen thirty six was the year he arrived in, a
sunny  June sixth morning. Eleven months later, Alwyn and la
belle Elaine were gifted with the birth of a beautiful  son.
Alwyn  had  long  since resigned himself to the fact that he
couldn't go back, and his lovely bride had never asked where
he  was  from,  thus neatly avoiding any potentially awkward
explanations. They gave to their son the name Peter  Doning-
ton.  Peter, because that was a name they liked, and Doning-
ton because that happened to be Alwyn's family name, even if
I had neglected to mention it earlier.
           It was three weeks later when the  rogue  thought
struck  him,  tormenting him. There was something he felt he
really had to remember. Something about a  Peter  Donington.
Then   it  hit  him:  his  great  great  grandfather's  name
was/would be Peter! And so this brings us rather neatly back
to  the  beginning  of this tale, and explains paradoxically
why the portrait of the aforementioned ancestor that hung in
his  parent's  living  room  was the spitting image of Alwyn
himself.
           But they both lived happily ever after anyway, so
everything was alright.
	Copyright Edwin Hayward 14 May, 1992
	Address any comments, criticisms etc to:
	eph@ukc.ac.uk
                       THE TIN SOLDIER
   Once upon a time . . . there lived a child who had a lot of toys. The child
kept his toys in his room and spent many happy hours everyday playing with 
them. One of his favourite games was the battle with the tin soldiers. He 
arranged the little toy soldiers in their respective ranks and fought 
imaginary battles.
   When the boy received the soldiers, as a present, he noticed that one of 
them had been made, by mistake, with just one leg. Despite the missing limb, 
the boy placed the little mutilated soldier in the front lines, encouraging 
him to be the most valorous of all the little soldiers. The child did not know
that, at night, the toys became animated and talked between themselves.
   It often happened that, when lining up the soldiers after playing with 
them, the little boy would forget about the little tin soldier without a leg 
and left him with all the other toys. It was thus that the little metal 
soldier got to talk to a pretty tin ballerina.
   A great friendship was born between the two, and pretty soon the little 
soldier fell in love with the ballerina. But the nights went by quickly, and 
he did not find the courage to declare his love to her. When the child played 
with the soldiers and positioned him in the front lines, the little soldier 
hoped that the ballerina would notice his courage in battle. And in the 
evening, when the ballerina asked the soldier if he had been afraid, he 
proudly answered, "No." 
   But the loving stares and sighs of the little soldier did not go unnoticed 
by the jack-in-the-box. One night, the jackin-the-box said to the little 
soldier: "Hey you! Don't look at the ballerina like that!" The poor little 
soldier was confused and he blushed, but the kind ballerina cheered him up.
   "Don't listen to him, he is ugly and jealous. I am very happy to talk to 
you," she said blushing too. The two little tin flgurines were both too shy to
speak of their love.
   One day they were separated. The boy picked up the tin soldier and placed 
him on the window-sill. 
   "You stay here and watch for the enemy," he said. Then the boy played 
inside with the other soliders.
   It was summer and in the days that followed the soldier remained on the 
window-sill. But one afternoon there was a sudden storm and a strong wind 
shook the windows. The Iittle soldier fell head first off the window-sill. His
bayonet stuck into the ground. It kept raining and storming and pretty soon 
the rain formed big puddles and the gutters were full. A group of boys in the 
nearby school waited for the storm to end and when it stopped raining hard 
they ran outdoors. 
   Joking and laughing, the boys hopped over the bigger puddles while two of 
them cautiously walked next to the wall so that the sprinkling rain wouldn't 
wet them. These two boys noticed the little tin soldier stuck in the sodden 
earth.
   "Too bad he has just one leg. Otherwise, I'd take him home with me," one of
the boys said. The other boy picked him up and put him in his pocket.
   "Let's take him anyway," he said. "We could use him for something." On the 
other side of the street, the gutter was overflowing and the current carried a
little paper boat.
   "Let's put the little soldier in the boat and make him a sailor," said the 
boy who had picked up the tin soldier.And so the little soldier became a 
sailor.
   The whirling gutter flowed into a sewer and the little boat was carried 
down the drain. The water in the underground sewage was deep and muddy. Big 
rats gnashed their teeth as the vessel and its unusual passenger flowed by. 
The boat was soaked and about to sink. But the little soldier, who had faced 
far greater dangers in battle, was not afraid. The water of the sewer then 
flowed into the river and the little boat, now overturned, was swept by the 
high waves. The little tin soldier realized his end was near. After the paper 
boat was wrecked, he sank in deep waters. A thousand thoughts went through the
little soldier's mind, but one in particular anguished him:
   "I will never see my sweet little ballerina again!" But a huge mouth 
swallowed the little tin soldier and, once again, his destiny took an 
unexpected turn.
   The little soldier found himself in the stomach of a large fish who had 
been lured by the glittering colours of his uniform. The fish, however, did 
not even have time to digest his meal because, shortly after having swallowed 
the soldier, he was caught in the net of a fisherman. Shortly after, the 
gasping fish ended up in a big basket and was brought to the market.
   Meanwhile, a cook was on her way to the market. She worked in the very same
house where the little soldier used to live.
   "This fish will be perfect for tonight's guests," the cook said when she 
saw the big fish on the fish market's counter. The fish ended up in the 
kitchen and when the cook slit its belly to clean it she found the little tin 
soldier.
   "This looks like one of our boy's toy soldiers . . ." she thought, and ran 
to the boy to show him her discovery.
   "That's right, it's my soldier!" the little boy cheered, when he recognized
the soldier with the missing leg.
   "I wonder how he got into the fish's belly? Poor soldier, he must have gone
through a lot of trouble since he fell off the window-sill!" The little boy 
placed the soldier on the mantle, right next to his sister's ballerina.
   The amazing ways of destiny had once again reunited the two lovers. The 
little soldier and the ballerina were very happy to be close to each other. At
night they talked about what had happened after their separation. But the ill 
disposition of fate had another surprise in store for them.
   One day a sudden gust of wind lifted the heavy drape of the window and hit 
the ballerina, who fell into the flreplace. The little soldier saw his friend 
fall into the fireplace and he was frightened. He knew a fire was lit because 
he could feel its warmth. He was desperate, conscious of not being able to do 
anything to save the ballerina. In fact, fire is the greatest enemy of tin 
figurines because it melts metals. Rocking back and forth on his one leg, the
little soldier tried to move the metal base under his feet that held him in
place.
   He kept trying to move until he fell into the fire as well. The two 
figurines were reunited in their misfortune. They were so close to each other 
now, that their metal bases began melting together. The tin of one base melted
with the metal of the other, and the metal strangely moulded into the shape of
a heart. As their bodies were about to begin melting as well, the little boy 
went by the fireplace and saw the two little figurines enveloped by the flames
and moved them away from the blaze with his foot.
   Ever since then the soldier and the ballerina have been melted close to 
each other, sharing their destiny and a common base shaped like a heart.
                                     TREASON
                            by Marcus Tullius CICERO
          (106-43 B.C. * Roman statesman, orator, & philosopher)
          A nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious.
          But it cannot survive treason from within.
          An enemy at its gate is less formidable,
          for he is known and carries his banners openly.
          But the traitor moves among those within the gates freely,
          his sly whispers rustling through all the alleys,
          heard in the very halls of government itself.
          For the traitor appears no traitor;
          he speaks in the accents familiar to his victims,
          and he wears their face and their garments,
          and he appeals to the baseness that lies
          deep in the hearts of all men.
          He rots the soul of a nation;
          he works secretly and unknown in the night
          to undermine the pillars of a city;
          he infects the body politic
          so that it can no longer resist.
          A murderer is less to be feared.
	The marina was full of its usual Saturday morning noises on
  this particularly halcyon August day.  There had been a spell of 
  heavy rain the week before, and with the skies clear and temperature
  high, vacationers and lakegoers were abundant.  A small troupe of
  gulls were making their way across the fairway, catching many an
  unwary fish who ventured too close to the surface.  The ten o'clock
  sun cast its rays into the water, causing the few belly-up fish on
  the surface to glisten.  The sailboat masts pierced the sky and the
  speedboat engines chortled in the morning air.  Boaters were washing 
  their vessels, readying for a lovely cruise on Lake Erie.  A few
  children, accompanied by their parents, seemed calmed by the lake's
  hypnotic serenity.
	Kevin drove by the dock which held his parent's boat.  Nope, his
  parents weren't there yet, just as he figured.  When his parents go
  boating, they usually don't arrive at the marina until about noon.  
	"You wanna drive around for a while? " Kevin asked his girlfriend,
  Sloane.  
	"Yeah.  Let's go up to East Harbor," she replied, pushing the long,
  brown hair out of her face.  With that, Kevin maneuvered the car out of
  the marina and onto the main raod.  Sloane hit the power button on the
  radio which caused the speakers to emit an upbeat tune. 
	Sloane was lightly entertained by the scrolling trees and lake
  backfront as they drove.  "The shore looks picture perfect today."
	"You want me to get my camera out?" he mocked her, half serious.
	"No, I'm just saying, it's pretty, you know?"  Smiling, Kevin pulled
  the car onto the side of the road.  "Okay, now where's my camera?"  he said
  as he groped along the back seat of his late-model sports car.
	Finding it, they quickly left the car and went over to the trees.
  They were in a roadside cemetary, about fifty yards from the lake.  "It's
  sort of pretty, in a wierd sort of way," Sloane commented on her
  surroundings.
	"Yeah," Kevin replied, fiddling with his Minolta.  "Why don't you
  go over there?"  He pointed toward an old oak stump, about eight feet
  high, whose branches had long fallen off.  It stood just beyond the
  last and oldest footstone, like a lighthouse on a rocky beach.  With
  the light blue sky and tranquil shoreline both readily in view, it would
  be a great backdrop.
	"Now turn around and smile," he called out to her.  She was in perfect
  focus in the viewfinder, next to the massive stump.  An occasional boat
  dotted the lake.
	"Kev, c'mere.  This isn't a tree."
	He was momentarily confused.  "What do you mean, it isn't a tree?"
  He went to see what she was rambling about.
	"Look."
   	She was right.  It was a large, intricately carved granite replica 
  of a tree, with elaborate bark lines and even a small bird's nest 
  accurately depicted on top.  From a relatively close distance, even five
  or six yards, it looked like a venerable old tree.  Closer inspection
  revealed a small cross emblazoned on its south side, and an inconspicuous
  epitaph on the bottom.  In small letters it said, 'Ledge, 1852-1891.'
  	"It's pretty - must have cost a lot," Sloane said.  "Almost as
  good as Kennedy's memorial, with the burning torch."
	Kevin sort of thought about what HIS headstone would one day
  read, but quickly dismissed the thought.  "Who cares, I'll never be around
  to see it."
	"What?" Sloane asked.
	"Nothing.  Let's get something to eat.  I'm hungry."
				- * -
                        THE UGLY DUCKLING
   Once upon a time . . . down on an old farm, lived a duck family, and Mother
Duck had been sitting on a clutch of new eggs. One nice morning, the eggs
hatched and out popped six chirpy ducklings. But one egg was bigger than the
rest, and it didn't hatch. Mother Duck couldn't recall laying that seventh 
egg. How did it get there? TOCK! TOCK! The little prisoner was pecking inside 
his shell.
   "Did I count the eggs wrongly?" Mother Duck wondered. But before she had 
time to think about it, the last egg finally hatched. A strange looking 
duckling with grey feathers that should have been yellow gazed at a worried 
mother. The ducklings grew quickly, but Mother Duck had a secret worry.
   "I can't understand how this ugly duckling can be one of mine!" she said to
herself, shaking her head as she looked at her lastborn. Well, the grey 
duckling certainly wasn't pretty, and since he ate far more than his brothers,
he was outgrowing them. As the days went by, the poor ugly duckling became 
more and more unhappy. His brothers didn't want to play with him, he was so
clumsy, and all the farmyard folks simply laughed at him. He felt sad and 
lonely, while Mother Duck did her best to console him.
   "Poor little ugly duckling!" she would say. "Why are you so different from 
the others?" And the ug}y duckling felt worse than ever. He secretly wept at
night. He felt nobody wanted him.
   "Nobody loves me, they all tease me! Why am I different from my brothers?"
   Then one day, at sunrise, he ran away from the farmyard. He stopped at a 
pond and began to question all the other birds. "Do you know of any ducklings
with grey feathers like mine?" But everyone shook their heads in scorn.
   "We don't know anyone as ugly as you." The ugly duckling did not lose 
heart, however, and kept on making enquiries. He went to another pond, where a
palr of large geese gave him the same answer to his question. What's more, 
they warned him: "Don't stay here! Go away! It's dangerous. There are men with
guns around here!" The duckling was sorry he had ever left the farmyard.
   Then one day, his travels took him near an old countrywoman's cottage. 
Thinking he was a stray goose, she caught him.
   "I'll put this in a hutch. I hope it's a female and lays plenty of eggs!" 
said the old woman, whose eyesight was poor. But the ugly duckling laid not a 
single egg. The hen kept frightening him:
   "Just wait! If you don't lay eggs, the old woman will wring your neck and 
pop you into the pot!" And the cat chipped in: "Hee! Hee! I hope the woman 
cooks you, then I can gnaw at your bones!" The poor ugly duckling was so 
scared that he lost his appetite, though the old woman kept stuffing him with
food and grumbllng: "If you won't lay eggs, at least hurry up and  get plump!"
   "Oh, dear me!" moaned the now terrified duckling. "I'll die of fright first!
And I did so hope someone would love me!"
   Then one night, finding the hutch door ajar, he escaped. Once again he was 
all alone. He fled as far away as he could, and at dawn, he found himself in a
 thick bed of reeds. "If nobody wants me, I'll hid here forever." There was 
plenty a food, and the duckling began to feel a little happier, though he was
lonely. One day at sunrise, he saw a flighth of beatiful birds wing overhead.
White, with long slender necks, yellow beaks and large wings, they were 
migrating south.
   "If only I could look like them, just for a day!" said the duckling,
admiringly. Winter came and the water in the reed bed froze. The poor duckling
left home to seek food in the snow. He dropped exhausted to the ground, but a 
farmer found him and put him in his big jacket pocket.
   "I'll take him home to my children. They'll look after him. Poor thing, 
he's frozen!" The duckling was showered with kindly care at the farmer's 
house. In this way, the ugly duckling was able to survive the bitterly cold 
winter.
   However, by springtime, he had grown so big that the farmer decided: "I'll 
set him free by the pond!" That was when the duckling saw himself mirrored in 
tne water.
   "Goodness! How I've changed! I hardly recognize myself!" The flight of 
swans winged north again and glided on to the pond. When the duckling saw 
them, he realized he was one of their kind, and soon made friends.
   "We're swans like you!" they said, warmly. "Where have you been hiding?"
   "It's a long story," replied the young swan, still astounded. Now, he swam 
majestically with his fellow swans. One day, he heard children on the river 
bank exclaim: "Look at that young swan! He's the finest of them all!"
   And he almost burst with happiness.
                       THE UNLUCKY WARRIOR
   Once upon a time there was a Samurai called Hido. Valiant and strong, he 
was afraid of no-one, yet in all the wars he had ever fought, he had always 
found himself on the losing side. People in his home town began to say "Hido 
brings bad luck." And because nobody wanted him to fight for them any more the
Samurai ended up a poor man. He said to himself:
   "I'll go to a town where no-one knows me. Maybe I'll find work there." He 
gathered up his remaining belongings, his sword, bow and three arrows, and set
off along the first road he came to. On and on he walked, until after many 
days march, he reached the banks of a lake. As he started to cross the narrow 
bridge over the water, he stopped in surprise. The way was blocked by an 
enormous snake, fast asleep. From its mouth and nostrils, it breathed red 
smoke with a pungent smell of sulphur. Hido thought to himself,
   "That beast isn't going to stop me," and on tiptoe he stepped over the 
snake, without wakening it up, and went on his way. But he had barely gone 
twenty metres when he heard a voice behind him.
   "Hey, you! Samurai!" He turned round. The snake had disappeared and in its 
place stood a well-dressed man, who made a friendly gesture and said,
   "You're a brave one! You weren't scared of the snake. You see, I'm looking 
for a Samurai, and so, whenever I see someone coming, I turn into a snake. So 
far, you're the only person that has had the courage to step over it. What's 
your name?"
   "Hido," replied the Samurai, "and who are you?" The man pointed to the lake.
   "I'm King of that realm."
   "What!" exclaimed Hido. "Is your realm a lake?" The King replied smiling,
   "Yes. But under the water lies a great city protected by a crystal ball. My
people live there happily, or at least they were happy until the Dragon 
arrived."
   "The Dragon?" asked Hido. And the King replied sadly,
   "Yes. Every second night he dives off the bridge into the water, enters the
crystal ball and creates havoc amongst my subjects. It won't be long before he
eats us all. That's why l'm looking for a Samurai!"
   Hido understood what he meant. "Do you want me to fight the Dragon?" he 
asked.
   "Yes!"
   "I think you ought to know, Sire, that people say I bring bad luck." To 
which the King replied:
   "I never believe what I hear, only what I see. Come with me." He took 
Hido's hand and they went down into the lake. Wonder of wonders! The waters 
opened up and they went down to the great crystal circle that contained the
city. There, Hido sat down with the King who gave him food and drink. Then he 
said, "In a little while you will hear a terrible noise. It will be the 
Dragon. You will have to face him up there, Hido."
   "I'm not afraid. I have my sword, bow and three arrows."
   "Only three? You will need a hundred arrows!" exclaimed the King. But Hido 
shook his head.
   "They're poisoned, but even if they weren't, they would still be enough, 
because if the Dragon doesn't stop with three arrows in him, I wouldn't have 
time to fire any more." Just then there was a fearful noise and the sound of 
shouting.
   "The Dragon! The Dragon!" Hido picked up his weapons and ran onto the 
bridge, only just in time. For the Dragon, huge and terrible, was advancing, 
with a roar, and breathing fire. Hido fired his first and second arrows, both 
of them hit the Dragon right in the heart, but it didn't stop. 
   Just as the Dragon was bearing down ferociously on him, Hido rememberd 
hearing that the only poison to stop a dragon is a man's saliva. So he licked 
his fingers and wet the tip of his last arrow, fired and hit the Dragon . . . 
On it came, still roaring. "All is lost," said Hido to himself . . . 
   . . . but after taking another step or two, the Dragon stopped in its 
tracks, shuddered and fell to the ground. It was dead. All the citizens rushed
from the lake to greet Hido and shower him with gifts, telling him:
   "Oh, brave Samurai, luck is with you and with our people!" So Hido knew 
that not only had he defeated the Dragon, he had overcome his bad luck.
                       THE VAIN CROW
   Once upon a time . . . a restless crow decided to go farther away than 
usual from home and friends. Suddenly, in a farmyard, he met a pair of 
peacocks. What wonderful birds they were! The crow had never seen such 
beautiful feathers, and he timidly asked the regal-looking birds what they 
were.
   "We're peacocks," one of them replied, spreading its tail. And as the 
peacock strutted about, showing the crow his magnificent feathers, he 
screamed, as peacocks do. Bursting with admiration, the crow said goodbye and 
flapped away, but as he flew home, he could not forget the two peacocks. "What
fine feathers! They must be so happy, being so beautiful." And he gazed down 
sadly at his own ugly plumes. From that day on, he could not help thinking 
about the spiendour of the peacocks and his own plain feathers. He even 
stopped looking at himself in the pond water, for every time he did so, it 
made him even more depressed. He got into the habit of spying on the peacocks,
and the more he watched them strut royally around, the more envious he was of 
their beauty.
   One day, he noticed that one of the peacocks had dropped a feather. When 
the sun went down, the crow picked it up and hid it away. For days on end, he 
watched the peacocks and found another feather. When he had four, he could 
wait no longer: he stuck the peacock feathers onto his own tail, using pine 
resin, and started to parade up and down for his friends to admire.
   "Just look at my gorgeous tail!" he said proudly.
   "I'm not ugly like you! Out of my way, you moth eaten crows!" The crows' 
amazement soon changed to indignation, then they started to laugh and jeer at 
their vain companion. "You're nothing but a crow yourself, even with those 
flashy feathers!" they jeered.
   "And you're silly as well as ugly," replied the conceited crow haughtily, 
and off he went to live with the peacocks. When the peacocks set eyes on the 
stranger, they thought the crow was just another peacock who, for some reason,
had lost most of his feathers, and they felt sorry for him. But the crow, 
vainer than ever, wanted to attract greater admiration and a foolish idea came
into his head. He tried to scream the way the peacocks do when they fan their
tails. But the harsh "Craw! Craw! Craw!" quickly betrayed the crow. The 
furious peacocks pecked the stolen feathers off and chased the crow away. Poor
crow! For when, sad and downcast, he went back to his frlends, he was given 
exactly the same rough treatment. Nobody would speak to him and all the crows 
turned their backs on him for trying to be what he was not.
                        A MANLY WAGER
                         By Lucillus
                  Dedicated to testosterone
                 There was a pair of warriors
                 Who thought they were so cool
              BBBain and Magnus were their names
                 The king and prince of fools.
                  Now as to which is greater
                    Come listen to my tale
                And I will tell you of the time
                 These mighty warriors failed.
                Late one night a bet they made 
                      A very manly boast
                So many maidens each could bed
                  But who could get the most?
               And so they set out for to prove
                   Who was the biggest prick
              And just how stupid they could act
                     And get away with it.
                    Bain and Magnus wanted 
                   To show who was the best
                  And each man was determined
                    To win this manly test
                   By fair means and by foul
                  Many maidens they would lay
                 Then prove it all by boasting
                     In a very manly way.
                    Bain went into town now
                    And found a likely inn
               He was sure the maids would swoon
                   As soon as they saw him.
              He preened and pranced and pampered
                    To show his better side
                  And practiced his sincerity
                   To hide the fact he lied.
               And sure enough the spell he wove
                   Had all the ladies there
                 Dying for the chance to run 
                Their fingers through his hair.
               "Please, ladies, take a number!"
                 Pretty Bain he then did say,
              "For I will serve you all upstairs,
                   Until the break of day."
                So Bain thinks he's a stud now
                     And many maids agree
                  He cares not for discretion
                  In fact, he charged a fee.
               All the ladies they were waiting
                   To take their turn in bed
                  Then boast to one another:
                "I'm his only love", they said.
                 But Magnus thinks he's clever
                     Of that he is so sure
                He followed Bain to see how he
                  Would all the ladies lure.
                  He saw a lady that he knew
                  Whose jealous husband cruel
              Would kill to keep his lovely wife
                   As a miser keeps a jewel.
               So straight away he went to tell
                   This jealous hulking man
               Of just what Bain was going to do
               And his wife's part in the plan.
             And so, he thought, he could be sure
                    To win their manly bet
                   This surely was as clever
                     As any man could get!
                     Now Magnus he is lazy
                     As if you didn't know
                 He thought he had it made now
                  And wished to see the show.
                  So he went into the tavern
                     And waited for to see
                    A very jealous husband
                  And his victim soon-to-be.
                  Upstairs Bain was grooming
                    He made the ladies wait
              While Magnus tried his best to hide
                  And leave Bain to his fate.
                   Soon the jealous husband
                   Had gathered to his side
               As many friends as he could find
                  To help him take his bride.
                    But Magnus was impatient
                  And quite horny now as well
              So he slipped out through the back
                  To stables by their smell.
                He was sure that he could ream 
                    Some very lonely horse
              Then be back inside in time to see
                 Bain thrashed by manly force.
                 But even for old Magnus     
                Things sometimes work out well
               For Bain chose for his first lay
                 The faithless wife from hell.
                She could not wait for foreplay
                   But jumped upon his steed
                 And started quick to ride him
                   To service her deep need.
                 I know now what you're thinking
                     How typical it seems
                For Bain to end up with a maid
                  While Magnus a horse reams.
                  But justice it soon entered
                     Into this merry tune
               The husband and his many friends
                 Had come, and none too soon.
               Up the stairs they charged as one
                  And burst into the room   
             Then looked Bain, and saw right there
                    His own impending doom.
                    And naked as a jaybird
                   He took his only chance:
                 Went leaping out the window 
                    Without even his pants.
                 Now Bain had not yet finished
                     His very manly chore
                His manhood still was rigid    
                    And hard now to ignore.
                But his luck did not desert him
                   For below him now he saw
                A thatched roof coming quickly
               Made of soft and yielding straw.
                   And Magnus in the stables
                   Had found a horse to pork
                Was pounding deep into her tail
                   And leaned into his work.
               When crashing through the rooftop
                Came Bain with his stiff spear
              And found poor Magnus most exposed
                    And fell into his rear.
               A mighty squeal of pain and glee
                  Was heard for miles around
                And far away some pigs got hard
                 Just thinking of that sound.
                   And so we have a sandwich
                    Of two men and a horse
                   It's hard now to imagine
               How things could turn out worse.
               And Bain, who was stuck deep now
                     Was trying to escape
                   But Magnus had recovered
                 And started screaming "Rape!"
                 Out came the jealous husband
                Who could not believe his eyes
                Followed closely by the ladies
                 Who laughed until they cried.
                    Now if a man were able
                     To die of shame alone
                  Then surely now our heroes
                 Would be deader than a stone.
                  But alas, in their position
                  An embarrassment from hell
               They could not defend themselves
                And their fate I now will tell.
                 They were taken to the woods 
                   And then tied upside down
          Their clothes were burned before their eyes
                  And all went back to town.
                  You think the story's over
               But there's one more thing to see
                     Who had won the wager
               And the greatest prick would be.
                  For as they were a-hanging
                      An argument ensued
                  Bain said: "I'm the winner,
                 And still the coolest dude."
                    But Magnus he retorted:
                  "At least I finished mine,
                 So shut up, Bain, you loser,
                  I hate it when you whine."
                     Shindar Drinking Song
                Last night I went out drinking,
                   And I met a lively crew,
                 So we wandered off together,
                    To hoist an ale or two.
                 We came upon a little place,
               Where the ladies were most fair,
                    And so we all decided,
                  That we should tarry there.
                  Oh we're bold and handsome
                           bastards,
                   'Til the morning anyway,
                When the rising sun will smite
                           our eyes,
                  And make us curse the day.
                 The lasses they all love us,
                  For as long as we can pay,
                  But when our coin runs out,
                 They will send us on our way.
                  So we'll hoist another ale,
                 And we'll sing another song,
               And we'll crawl from bar to bar,
                 Until the coming of the dawn.
               Behind the bar, with golden hair,
                 There stood a beautious lass,
               With ruby lips and eyes of blue,
                   And this exquisite nose.
                Well Maddog was a foolish lad,
                Whose moods did not soon pass,
                He lept across that little bar,
                 And tried to pinch her nose.
                           (Chorus)
             We grabbed young Maddog by the cloak,
                   And everything was fine,
                Until the lass's lad showed up,
                    With a friend or nine.
              I will not bore you with the tale,
               Suffice to say we had them beat,
              And then the city watch showed up,
                  To make the night complete.
                           (Chorus)
               Now Fezzik he was not to bright,
               He'd smashed a guardsman's head,
             So the Magistrate said take him out,
                 And hang him 'til he's dead.
                        The lass that Maddog tried to pinch,
                    Appealed to the bench,
               And this morning, I've been told,
                 He got married to the wench!
                           (Chorus)
                His honor looked me in the eye,
                 And said: "What should I do?"
              So I looked right back at him said,
                 "Let's hoist an ale or two."
                 So off we wandered into town,
                With a guard or two he'd brung,
               Along the way there was a brawl,
               And come the morning he was hung!
                        (Final Chorus)
                     Jester of the Shindar
                             1992
               A Vampyre's Words
              
                 Thou ask, what is a vampyre?
                 A vampyre is one who lives in darkness,
                 Yet, he walks in light.
                 Thou ask, how is that possible?
                 Child, many walk in the light,
                 Many relish the sight.
                 Aye, it does harm a few.
                 But child, that thou already knew.
                 Thou ask, if many walk in light, 
                 Then the stake is only a myth!
                 Aye child, that truely is the case.
        
                 But I see, that thou are shocked.
                 Aye, then what does a stake do,
                 If not kill?
                 A stake, if thou will,
                 Only ruins ones suite.
                 So remember child,
                 Things thou have been told,
                 Which, I must say, the authors were bold,
                 May only be myth or may only be truth.
                 But that's all thou will be told.
copywrite 88/89 by Kymm Avent
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
           (313)558-5024 {14.4} (313)558-5517
              A BBS for text file junkies
              RPGNet GM File Archive Site
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
               The Adventure of the Veiled Lodger
  When one considers that Mr. Sherlock Holmes was in active
practice for twenty-three years, and that during seventeen of these
I was allowed to cooperate with him and to keep notes of his
doings, it will be clear that I have a mass of material at my
command. The problem has always been not to find but to
choose. There is the long row of year-books which fill a shelf
and there are the dispatch-cases filled with documents, a perfect
quarry for the student not only of crime but of the social and
official scandals of the late Victorian era. Concerning these
latter, I may say that the writers of agonized letters, who beg that
the honour of their families or the reputation of famous forebears
may not be touched, have nothing to fear. The discretion and
high sense of professional honour which have always distin-
guished my friend are still at work in the choice of these mem-
oirs, and no confidence will be abused. I deprecate, however, in
the strongest way the attempts which have been made lately to
get at and to destroy these papers. The source of these outrages
is known, and if they are repeated I have Mr. Holmes's authority
for saying that the whole story concerning the politician, the
lighthouse, and the trained cormorant will be given to the public.
There is at least one reader who will understand.
  It is not reasonable to suppose that every one of these cases
gave Holmes the opportunity of showing those curious gifts of
instinct and observation which I have endeavoured to set forth in
these memoirs. Sometimes he had with much effort to pick the
fruit, sometimes it fell easily into his lap. But the most terrible
human tragedies were often involved in those cases which brought
him the fewest personal opportunities, and it is one of these
which I now desire to record. In telling it, I have made a slight
change of name and place, but otherwise the facts are as stated.
  One forenoon -- it was late in 1896 -- I received a hurried note
from Holmes asking for my attendance. When I arrived I found
him seated in a smoke-laden atmosphere, with an elderly, moth-
erly woman of the buxom landlady type in the corresponding
chair in front of him.
  "This is Mrs. Merrilow, of South Brixton," said my friend
with a wave of the hand. "Mrs. Merrilow does not object to
tobacco, Watson, if you wish to indulge your filthy habits. Mrs.
Merrilow has an interesting story to tell which may well lead to
further developments in which your presence may be useful."
  "Anything I can do --"
  "You will understand, Mrs. Merrilow, that if I come to Mrs.
Ronder I should prefer to have a witness. You will make her
understand that before we arrive."
  "Lord bless you, Mr. Holmes," said our visitor, "she is that
anxious to see you that you might bring the whole parish at your
heels!"
  "Then we shall come early in the afternoon. Let us see that
we have our facts correct before we start. If we go over them it
will help Dr. Watson to understand the situation. You say that
Mrs. Ronder has been your lodger for seven years and that you
have only once seen her face."
  "And I wish to God I had not!" said Mrs. Merrilow.
  "It was, I understand, terribly mutilated."
  "Well, Mr. Holmes, you would hardly say it was a face at all.
That's how it looked. Our milkman got a glimpse of her once
peeping out of the upper window, and he dropped his tin and the
milk all over the front garden. That is the kind of face it is.
When I saw her -- I happened on her unawares -- she covered up
quick, and then she said, 'Now, Mrs. Merrilow, you know at
last why it is that I never raise my veil.' "
  "Do you know anything about her history?"
  "Nothing at all."
  "Did she give references when she came?"
  "No, sir, but she gave hard cash, and plenty of it. A quarter's
rent right down on the table in advance and no arguing about
terms. In these times a poor woman like me can't afford to turn
down a chance like that."
  "Did she give any reason for choosing your house?"
  "Mine stands well back from the road and is more private
than most. Then, again, I only take the one, and I have no
family of my own. I reckon she had tried others and found that
mine suited her best. It's privacy she is after, and she is ready to
pay for it."
  "You say that she never showed her face from first to last
save on the one accidental occasion. Well, it is a very remark-
able story, most remarkable, and I don't wonder that you want it
examined."
  "I don't, Mr. Holmes. I am quite satisfied so long as I get my
rent. You could not have a quieter lodger, or one who gives less
trouble."
  "Then what has brought matters to a head?"
  "Her health, Mr. Holmes. She seems to be wasting away.
And there's something terrible on her mind. 'Murder!' she cries.
'Murder!' And once I heard her: 'You cruel beast! You mon-
ster!' she cried. It was in the night, and it fair rang through the
house and sent the shivers through me. So I went to her in the
morning. 'Mrs. Ronder,' I says, 'if you have anything that is
troubling your soul, there's the clergy,' I says, 'and there's the
police. Between them you should get some help.' 'For God's
sake, not the police!' says she, 'and the clergy can't change what
is past. And yet,' she says, 'it would ease my mind if someone
knew the truth before I died.' 'Well,' says I, 'if you won't have
the regulars, there is this detective man what we read about' --
beggin' your pardon, Mr. Holmes. And she, she fair jumped
at it. 'That's the man,' says she. 'I wonder I never thought of it
before. Bring him here, Mrs. Merrilow, and if he won't come,
tell him I am the wife of Ronder's wild beast show. Say that,
and give him the name Abbas Parva. Here it is as she wrote it,
Abbas Parva. 'That will bring him if he's the man I think he
is.' "
  "And it will, too," remarked Holmes. "Very good, Mrs.
Merrilow. I should like to have a little chat with Dr. Watson.
That will carry us till lunch-time. About three o'clock you may
expect to see us at your house in Brixton."
  Our visitor had no sooner waddled out of the room -- no other
verb can describe Mrs. Merrilow's method of progression -- than
Sherlock Holmes threw himself with fierce energy upon the pile
of commonplace books in the corner. For a few minutes there
was a constant swish of the leaves, and then with a grunt of
satisfaction he came upon what he sought. So excited was he that
he did not rise, but sat upon the floor like some strange Buddha,
with crossed legs, the huge books all round him, and one open
upon his knees.
  "The case worried me at the time, Watson. Here are my
marginal notes to prove it. I confess that I could make nothing of
it. And yet I was convinced that the coroner was wrong. Have
you no recollection of the Abbas Parva tragedy?"
  "None, Holmes."
  "And yet you were with me then. But certainly my own
impression was very superficial. For there was nothing to go by,
and none of the parties had engaged my services. Perhaps you
would care to read the papers?"
  "Could you not give me the points?"
  "That is very easily done. It will probably come back to your
memory as I talk. Ronder, of course, was a household word. He
was the rival of Wombwell, and of Sanger, one of the greatest
showmen of his day. There is evidence, however, that he took to
drink, and that both he and his show were on the down grade at
the time of the great tragedy. The caravan had halted for the
night at Abbas Parva, which is a small village in Berkshire,
when this horror occurred. They were on their way to Wimble-
don, travelling by road, and they were simply camping and not
exhibiting, as the place is so small a one that it would not have
paid them to open.
  "They had among their exhibits a very fine North African
lion. Sahara King was its name, and it was the habit, both of
Ronder and his wife, to give exhibitions inside its cage. Here,
you see, is a photograph of the performance by which you will
perceive that Ronder was a huge porcine person and that his wife
was a very magnificent woman. It was deposed at the inquest
that there had been some signs that the lion was dangerous, but,
as usual, familiarity begat contempt, and no notice was taken of
the fact.
  "It was usual for either Ronder or his wife to feed the lion at
night. Sometimes one went, sometimes both, but they never
allowed anyone else to do it, for they believed that so long as
they were the food-carriers he would regard them as benefactors
and would never molest them. On this particular night, seven
years ago, they both went, and a very terrible happening fol-
lowed, the details of which have never been made clear.
  "It seems that the whole camp was roused near midnight by
the roars of the animal and the screams of the woman. The
different grooms and employees rushed from their tents, carrying
lanterns, and by their light an awful sight was revealed. Ronder
lay, with the back of his head crushed in and deep claw-marks
across his scalp, some ten yards from the cage, which was open.
Close to the door of the cage lay Mrs. Ronder upon her back,
with the creature squatting and snarling above her. It had torn
her face in such a fashion that it was never thought that she could
live. Several of thc circus men, headed by Leonardo, the strong
man, and Griggs, the clown, drove the creature off with poles,
upon which it sprang back into the cage and was at once locked
in. How it had got loose was a mystery. It was conjectured that
the pair intended to enter the cage, but that when the door was
loosed the creature bounded out upon them. There was no other
point of interest in the evidence save that the woman in a
delirium of agony kept screaming, 'Coward! Coward!' as she
was carried back to the van in which they lived. It was six
months before she was fit to give evidence, but the inquest was
duly held, with the obvious verdict of death from misadventure."
  "What alternative could be conceived?" said I.
  "You may well say so. And yet there were one or two points
which worried young Edmunds, of the Berkshire Constabulary.
A smart lad that! He was sent later to Allahabad. That was how I
came into the matter, for he dropped in and smoked a pipe or
two over it."
  "A thin, yellow-haired man?"
  "Exactly. I was sure you would pick up the trail presently."
  "But what worried him?"
  "Well, we were both worried. It was so deucedly difficult to
reconstruct the affair. Look at it from the lion's point of view.
He is liberated. What does he do? He takes half a dozen bounds
forward, which brings him to Ronder. Ronder turns to fly -- the
claw-marks were on the back of his head -- but the lion strikes
him down. Then, instead of bounding on and escaping, he
returns to the woman, who was close to the cage, and he knocks
her over and chews her face up. Then, again, those cries of hers
would seem to imply that her husband had in some way failed
her. What could the poor devil have done to help her? You see
the difficulty?"
  "Quite."
  "And then there was another thing. It comes back to me now
as I think it over. There was some evidence that just at the time
the lion roared and the woman screamed, a man began shouting
in terror."
  "This man Ronder, no doubt."
  "Well, if his skull was smashed in you would hardly expect to
hear from him again. There were at least two witnesses who
spoke of the cries of a man being mingled with those of a
