The small groups of monks who had taken  up  hanging  around  the
major  research  institutes  singing strange chants to the effect
that the Universe was only a figment of its own imagination  were
eventually given a street theatre grant and went away.
=================================================================
Chapter 8
"In space travel, you see," said Slartibartfast,  as  he  fiddled
with some instruments in the Room of Informational Illusions, "in
space travel ..."
He stopped and looked about him.
The Room of Informational Illusions was a  welcome  relief  after
the visual monstrosities of the central computational area. There
was nothing in it. No information, no illusions, just themselves,
white  walls  and a few small instruments which looked as if they
were meant to plug into something which  Slartibartfast  couldn't
find.
"Yes?" urged Arthur. He had picked up Slartibartfast's  sense  of
urgency but didn't know what to do with it.
"Yes what?" said the old man.
"You were saying?"
Slartibartfast looked at him sharply.
"The numbers," he said, "are awful." He resumed his search.
Arthur nodded wisely to himself. After a while he  realized  that
this  wasn't  getting  him anywhere and decided that he would say
"what?" after all.
"In space travel," repeated Slartibartfast, "all the numbers  are
awful."
Arthur nodded again and looked round to Ford for help,  but  Ford
was practising being sullen and getting quite good at it.
"I was only," said Slartibartfast with a sigh,  "trying  to  save
you the trouble of asking me why all the ship's computations were
being done on a waiter's bill pad."
Arthur frowned.
"Why," he said, "were all the ship's computations being done on a
wait-"
He stopped.
Slartibartfast said, "Because in space travel all the numbers are
awful."
He could tell that he wasn't getting his point across.
"Listen," he said. "On a waiter's bill  pad  numbers  dance.  You
must have encountered the phenomenon."
"Well ..."
"On a waiter's  bill  pad,"  said  Slartibartfast,  "reality  and
unreality  collide  on such a fundamental level that each becomes
the other and anything is possible, within certain parameters."
"What parameters?"
"It's impossible to say," said  Slartibartfast.  "That's  one  of
them.  Strange  but  true.  At  least,  I think it's strange," he
added, "and I'm assured that it's true."
At that moment he located the slot in the wall for which  he  had
been  searching,  and  clicked the instrument he was holding into
"Do not be alarmed," he said, and then suddenly darted an alarmed
look at himself, and lunged back, "it's ..."
They didn't hear what he said, because at that  moment  the  ship
winked  out  of  existence  around them and a starbattle-ship the
size of a small Midlands  industrial  city  plunged  out  of  the
sundered night towards them, star lasers ablaze.
They gaped, pop-eyed, and were unable to scream.
=================================================================
Chapter 9
Another world, another day, another dawn.
The early morning's thinnest sliver of light appeared silently.
Several billion trillion  tons  of  superhot  exploding  hydrogen
nuclei  rose  slowly above the horizon and managed to look small,
cold and slightly damp.
There is a moment in every dawn when light floats, there  is  the
possibility of magic. Creation holds its breath.
The moment passed as it regularly  did  on  Squornshellous  Zeta,
without incident.
The mist clung to the surface of the  marshes.  The  swamp  trees
were  grey with it, the tall reeds indistinct. It hung motionless
like held breath.
Nothing moved.
There was silence.
The sun struggled feebly with the mist, tried to impart a  little
warmth  here,  shed  a  little light there, but clearly today was
going to be just another long haul across the sky.
Nothing moved.
Again, silence.
Nothing moved.
Silence.
Very often on Squornshellous Zeta, whole days would  go  on  like
this, and this was indeed going to be one of them.
Fourteen hours later the sun sank hopelessly beneath the opposite
horizon with a sense of totally wasted effort.
And a few hours later it reappeared, squared  its  shoulders  and
started on up the sky again.
This time, however, something was happening. A mattress had  just
met a robot.
"Hello, robot," said the mattress.
"Bleah," said the robot and continued what it  was  doing,  which
was walking round very slowly in a very tiny circle.
"Happy?" said the mattress.
The robot stopped and looked at the mattress.  It  looked  at  it
quizzically.  It  was  clearly  a very stupid mattress. It looked
back at him with wide eyes.
After what it had calculated to ten significant decimal places as
being the precise length of pause most likely to convey a general
contempt for all things mattressy, the robot  continued  to  walk
round in tight circles.
"We could have a conversation," said  the  mattress,  "would  you
like that?"
It was a large mattress, and probably one of quite high  quality.
Very  few things actually get manufactured these days, because in
an infinitely large Universe such as, for instance,  the  one  in
which  we live, most things one could possibly imagine, and a lot
of things one would rather not,  grow  somewhere.  A  forest  was
discovered  recently  in  which  most  of  the trees grew ratchet
screwdrivers as fruit.  The life  cycle  of  ratchet  screwdriver
fruit  it  quite  interesting.  Once picked it needs a dark dusty
drawer in which it can lie undisturbed for years. Then one  night
it  suddenly hatches, discards its outer skin which crumbles into
dust, and emerges as a totally unidentifiable little metal object
with  flanges at both ends and a sort of ridge and a sort of hole
for a screw. This, when found, will get thrown away. No one knows
what  it  is  supposed to gain from this. Nature, in her infinite
wisdom, is presumably working on it.
No one really knows what mattresses are meant to gain from  their
lives  either.  They are large, friendly, pocket-sprung creatures
which live quiet private lives in the marshes  of  Squornshellous
Zeta.  Many  of  them get caught, slaughtered, dried out, shipped
out and slept on. None of them seem to mind and all of  them  are
called Zem.
"No," said Marvin.
"My name," said the mattress,  "is  Zem.  We  could  discuss  the
weather a little."
Marvin paused again in his weary circular plod.
"The dew," he observed, "has clearly fallen with  a  particularly
sickening thud this morning."
He resumed his  walk,  as  if  inspired  by  this  conversational
outburst  to  fresh  heights of gloom and despondency. He plodded
tenaciously. If he had had teeth he would have  gritted  them  at
this point. He hadn't. He didn't. The mere plod said it all.
The mattress flolloped around. This is a  thing  that  only  live
mattresses in swamps are able to do, which is why the word is not
in more common usage. It flolloped in a sympathetic  sort of way,
moving  a  fairish  body  of  water  as  it did so. It blew a few
bubbles up through the  water  engagingly.  Its  blue  and  white
stripes  glistened briefly in a sudden feeble ray of sun that had
unexpectedly made it through the mist, causing  the  creature  to
bask momentarily.
Marvin plodded.
"You have something on your mind, I  think,"  said  the  mattress
floopily.
"More  than  you  can  possibly  imagine,"  dreaded  Marvin.  "My
capacity  for mental activity of all kinds is as boundless as the
infinite reaches  of  space  itself.  Except  of  course  for  my
capacity for happiness."
Stomp, stomp, he went.
"My capacity for happiness," he added,  "you  could  fit  into  a
matchbox without taking out the matches first."
The mattress globbered. This is the noise made by a live,  swamp-
dwelling  mattress  that  is  deeply moved by a story of personal
tragedy. The word  can  also,  according  to  The  Ultra-Complete
Maximegalon  Dictionary  of  Every  Language Ever, mean the noise
made by the Lord High Sanvalvwag of Hollop on discovering that he
has  forgotten  his  wife's birthday for the second year running.
Since there was only ever one Lord High Sanvalvwag of Hollop, and
he  never  married,  the  word is only ever used in a negative or
speculative sense,  and  there  is  an  ever-increasing  body  of
opinion   which   holds   that   The  Ultra-Complete  Maximegalon
Dictionary is not worth the fleet of lorries it takes to cart its
microstored  edition  around in. Strangely enough, the dictionary
omits the word "floopily", which simply means "in the  manner  of
something which is floopy".
The mattress globbered again.
"I sense a deep dejection in your diodes," it  vollued  (for  the
meaning  of  the  word  "vollue",  buy  a  copy of Squornshellous
Swamptalk at any remaindered bookshop, or alternatively  buy  The
Ultra-Complete  Maximegalon Dictionary, as the University will be
very glad to get it off their  hands  and  regain  some  valuable
parking   lots),   "and   it  saddens  me.  You  should  be  more
mattresslike. We live quiet retired lives in the swamp, where  we
are  content  to  flollop  and vollue and regard the wetness in a
fairly floopy manner. Some of us are killed, but all  of  us  are
called Zem, so we never know which and globbering is thus kept to
a minimum. Why are you walking in circles?"
"Because my leg is stuck," said Marvin simply.
"It seems to me," said the mattress  eyeing  it  compassionately,
"that it is a pretty poor sort of leg."
"You are right," said Marvin, "it is."
"Voon," said the mattress.
"I expect so," said Marvin, "and I also expect that you find  the
idea of a robot with an artificial leg pretty amusing. You should
tell your friends Zem and Zem when you see  them  later;  they'll
laugh,  if  I know them, which I don't of course - except insofar
as I know all organic life forms, which is  much  better  than  I
would wish to. Ha, but my life is but a box of wormgears."
He stomped around again in his tiny circle, around his thin steel
peg-leg which revolved in the mud but seemed otherwise stuck.
"But why do you just keep walking  round  and  round?"  said  the
mattress.
"Just to make the point," said Marvin, and continued,  round  and
round.
"Consider it  made,  my  dear  friend,"  flurbled  the  mattress,
"consider it made."
"Just another million years," said Marvin,  "just  another  quick
million. Then I might try it backwards. Just for the variety, you
understand."
The mattress could feel deep in his innermost spring pockets that
the robot dearly wished to be asked how long he had been trudging
in this futile and  fruitless  manner,  and  with  another  quiet
flurble he did so.
"Oh, just over the one-point-five-million mark, just over,"  said
Marvin airily. "Ask me if I ever get bored, go on, ask me."
The mattress did.
Marvin  ignored  the  question,  he  merely  trudged  with  added
emphasis.
"I  gave  a  speech  once,"  he  said  suddenly,  and  apparently
unconnectedly. "You may not instantly see why I bring the subject
up, but that is because my mind works so phenomenally fast, and I
am at a rough estimate thirty billion times more intelligent than
you. Let me give you an example. Think of a number, any number."
"Er, five," said the mattress.
"Wrong," said Marvin. "You see?"
The mattress was much impressed by this and realized that it  was
in  the  presence  of a not unremarkable mind. It willomied along
its entire length, sending excited  little  ripples  through  its
shallow algae-covered pool.
It gupped.
"Tell me," it urged, "of the speech you once made, I long to hear
it."
"It was received very badly," said  Marvin,  "for  a  variety  of
reasons.  I  delivered  it," he added, pausing to make an awkward
humping sort of gesture with his not-exactly-good  arm,  but  his
arm which was better than the other one which was dishearteningly
welded to his left side, "over there, about a mile distance."
He was pointing as well as he  could  manage,  and  he  obviously
wanted to make it totally clear that this was as well as he could
manage, through the mist, over the reeds, to a part of the  marsh
which looked exactly the same as every other part of the marsh.
"There," he repeated. "I was  somewhat  of  a  celebrity  at  the
time."
Excitement gripped the mattress. It had never heard  of  speeches
being  delivered  on  Squornshellous  Zeta,  and certainly not by
celebrities. Water spattered off it as a thrill  glurried  across
its back.
It did something which  mattresses  very  rarely  bother  to  do.
Summoning  every  bit of its strength, it reared its oblong body,
heaved it up into the air and held it quivering there for  a  few
seconds  whilst  it peered through the mist over the reeds at the
part of the marsh which Marvin had indicated, observing,  without
disappointment,  that it was exactly the same as every other part
of the marsh. The effort was too much, and it flodged  back  into
its pool, deluging Marvin with smelly mud, moss and weeds.
"I was a celebrity," droned the robot sadly, "for a  short  while
on  account  of my miraculous and bitterly resented escape from a
fate almost as good as death in the heart of a blazing  sun.  You
can  guess  from  my  condition," he added, "how narrow my escape
was. I was rescued by a scrap-metal merchant, imagine that.  Here
I am, brain the size of ... never mind."
He trudged savagely for a few seconds.
"He it was who fixed me up with this leg. Hateful, isn't  it?  He
sold  me to a Mind Zoo. I was the star exhibit. I had to sit on a
box and tell my story whilst people told me to cheer up and think
positive. `Give us a grin, little robot,' they would shout at me,
`give us a little chuckle.' I would explain to them that  to  get
my  face  to  grin wold take a good couple of hours in a workshop
with a wrench, and that went down very well."
"The speech," urged the mattress. "I long to hear of  the  speech
you gave in the marshes."
"There was a bridge built across the marshes.  A  cyberstructured
hyperbridge,  hundreds  of  miles in length, to carry ion-buggies
and freighters over the swamp."
"A bridge?" quirruled the mattress. "Here in the swamp?"
"A bridge," confirmed Marvin, "here in the swamp. It was going to
revitalize  the  economy of the Squornshellous System. They spent
the entire economy of the Squornshellous System building it. They
asked me to open it. Poor fools."
It began to rain a little, a fine spray slid through the mist.
"I stood on the platform. For hundreds of miles in front  of  me,
and hundreds of miles behind me, the bridge stretched."
"Did it glitter?" enthused the mattress.
"It glittered."
"Did it span the miles majestically?"
"It spanned the miles majestically."
"Did it stretch like a silver thread far out into  the  invisible
mist?"
"Yes," said Marvin. "Do you want to hear this story?"
"I want to hear your speech," said the mattress.
"This is what I said. I said, `I would like to say that it  is  a
very  great  pleasure,  honour  and privilege for me to open this
bridge, but I can't because my lying  circuits  are  all  out  of
commission.  I  hate  and  despise  you  all.  I now declare this
hapless cyberstructure open to the unthinkable abuse of  all  who
wantonly  cross  her.'  And  I  plugged  myself  into the opening
circuits."
Marvin paused, remembering the moment.
The mattress flurred  and  glurried.  It  flolloped,  gupped  and
willomied, doing this last in a particularly floopy way.
"Voon," it wurfed at last. "And it was a magnificent occasion?"
"Reasonably magnificent.  The  entire  thousand-mile-long  bridge
spontaneously  folded  up  its  glittering spans and sank weeping
into the mire, taking everybody with it."
There was  a  sad  and  terrible  pause  at  this  point  in  the
conversation  during  which  a  hundred  thousand  people  seemed
unexpectedly to say "wop" and a team of  white  robots  descended
from  the  sky like dandelion seeds drifting on the wind in tight
military formation. For a sudden violent  moment  they  were  all
there,  in  the swamp, wrenching Marvin's false leg off, and then
they were gone again in their ship, which said "foop".
"You see the sort of thing I have to contend with?"  said  Marvin
to the gobbering mattress.
Suddenly, a moment later, the robots were back again for  another
violent  incident, and this time when they left, the mattress was
alone in the swamp.  He  flolloped  around  in  astonishment  and
alarm.  He  almost lurgled in fear. He reared himself to see over
the reeds, but there was nothing to  see,  just  more  reeds.  He
listened,  but  there  was  no  sound  on the wind beyond the now
familiar sound of half-crazed etymologists calling  distantly  to
each other across the sullen mire.
=================================================================
Chapter 10
The body of Arthur Dent span.
The Universe shattered into a million glittering fragments around
it,  and  each  particular  shard span silently through the void,
reflecting on its silver surface some single searing holocaust of
fire and destruction.
And then the blackness behind the  Universe  exploded,  and  each
particular piece of blackness was the furious smoke of hell.
And the nothingness behind  the  blackness  behind  the  Universe
erupted,  and  behind the nothingness behind the blackness behind
the shattered Universe was at last the dark figure of an  immense
man speaking immense words.
"These, then,"  said  the  figure,  speaking  from  an  immensely
comfortable   chair,   "were   the  Krikkit  Wars,  the  greatest
devastation  ever  visited  upon  our  Galaxy.  What   you   have
experienced ..."
Slartibartfast floated past, waving.
"It's just a documentary," he called out. "This  is  not  a  good
bit. Terribly sorry, trying to find the rewind control ..."
"... is what billions of billions of innocent ..."
"Do not," called out  Slartibartfast  floating  past  again,  and
fiddling furiously with the thing that he had stuck into the wall
of the Room of Informational Illusions  and  which  was  in  fact
still stuck there, "agree to buy anything at this point."
"... people, creatures, your fellow beings ..."
Music swelled - again, it was immense music, immense chords.  And
behind the man, slowly, three tall pillars began to emerge out of
the immensely swirling mist.
"... experienced, lived through - or, more often, failed to  live
through.  Think  of that, my friends. And let us not forget - and
in just a moment I shall be able to suggest a way which will help
us  always to remember - that before the Krikkit Wars, the Galaxy
was that rare and wonderful thing a happy Galaxy!"
The music was going bananas with immensity at this point.
"A Happy Galaxy, my friends, as represented by the symbol of  the
Wikkit Gate!"
The three pillars stood out clearly  now,  three  pillars  topped
with two cross pieces in a way which looked stupefyingly familiar
to Arthur's addled brain.
"The three pillars," thundered the man. "The Steel  Pillar  which
represented the Strength and Power of the Galaxy!"
Searchlights seared out and danced crazy dances up and  down  the
pillar on the left which was, clearly, made of steel or something
very like it. The music thumped and bellowed.
"The Perspex Pillar," announced the man, "representing the forces
of Science and Reason in the Galaxy!"
Other searchlights played exotically up and down  the  righthand,
transparent  pillar  creating  dazzling  patterns within it and a
sudden inexplicable craving  for  ice-cream  in  the  stomach  of
Arthur Dent.
"And,"  the  thunderous  voice  continued,  "the  Wooden  Pillar,
representing  ..."  and  here his voice became just very slightly
hoarse with wonderful  sentiments,  "the  forces  of  Nature  and
Spirituality."
The lights picked out the central pillar. The music moved bravely
up into the realms of complete unspeakability.
"Between them supporting," the voice rolled on,  approaching  its
climax,  "the  Golden  Bail  of Prosperity and the Silver Bail of
Peace!"
The whole structure was now flooded with dazzling lights, and the
music  had  now,  fortunately,  gone far beyond the limits of the
discernible. At the top of the three pillars the two  brilliantly
gleaming  bails sat and dazzled. There seemed to be girls sitting
on top of them, or maybe they were meant to be angels. Angels are
usually represented as wearing more than that, though.
Suddenly there was a dramatic hush in what was  presumably  meant
to be the Cosmos, and a darkening of the lights.
"There is not a world," thrilled the man's expert voice,  "not  a
civilized  world  in  the Galaxy where this symbol is not revered
even today. Even  in  primitive  worlds  it  persists  in  racial
memories.  This  it was that the forces of Krikkit destroyed, and
this it is that now locks  their  world  away  till  the  end  of
eternity!"
And with a flourish, the man produced in his hands a model of the
Wikkit  gate.  Scale  was  terribly  hard  to judge in this whole
extraordinary spectacle, but the model looked as if it must  have
been about three feet high.
"Not the original key, of course. That, as  everyone  knows,  was
destroyed,  blasted  into  the ever-whirling eddies of the space-
time continuum and lost for ever. This is a  remarkable  replica,
hand-tooled   by  skilled  craftsmen,  lovingly  assembled  using
ancient craft secrets into a memento you will be proud to own, in
memory  of  those  who  fell,  and in tribute to the Galaxy - our
Galaxy - which they died to defend ..."
Slartibartfast floated past again at this moment.
"Found it," he said. "We can lose all this  rubbish.  Just  don't
nod, that's all."
"Now, let us bow our heads in payment," intoned  the  voice,  and
then said it again, much faster and backwards.
Lights came and went, the pillars  disappeared,  the  man  gabled
himself backwards into nothing, the Universe snappily reassembled
itself around them.
"You get the gist?" said Slartibartfast.
"I'm astonished," said Arthur, "and bewildered."
"I was asleep," said Ford, who floated into view at  this  point.
"Did I miss anything?"
They found themselves once again teetering rather rapidly on  the
edge  of  an  agonizingly  high  cliff. The wind whipped out from
their faces and across a bay on which the remains of one  of  the
greatest  and most powerful space battle-fleets ever assembled in
the Galaxy was briskly burning itself back  into  existence.  The
sky  was  a sullen pink, darkening via a rather curious colour to
blue and upwards to black. Smoke billowed down out of  it  at  an
incredible lick.
Events were now passing back by them almost  too  quickly  to  be
distinguished,  and when, a short while later, a huge starbattle-
ship rushed away from them as if they'd  said  "boo",  they  only
just recognized it as the point at which they had come in.
But now things were too rapid, a video-tactile blur which brushed
and  jiggled them through centuries of galactic history, turning,
twisting, flickering. The sound was a mere thin thrill.
Periodically through the thickening jumble of events they  sensed
appalling  catastrophes,  deep  horrors,  cataclysmic shocks, and
these were always associated with certain recurring  images,  the
only  images  which  ever  stood out clearly from the avalance of
tumbling history: a wicket gate, a  small  hard  red  ball,  hard
white  robots,  and  also something less distinct, something dark
and cloudy.
But there was also another sensation which rose  clearly  out  of
the thrilling passage of time.
Just as a slow series of clicks when speeded  up  will  lose  the
definition  of  each  individual  click and gradually take on the
quality of a sustained and rising tone, so a series of individual
impressions here took on the quality of a sustained emotion - and
yet not an emotion. If it  was  an  emotion,  it  was  a  totally
emotionless  one.  It was hatred, implacable hatred. It was cold,
not like ice is cold, but like a wall is cold. It was impersonal,
not as a randomly flung fist in a crowd is impersonal, but like a
computer-issued parking summons is impersonal. And it was  deadly
- again, not like a bullet or a knife is deadly, but like a brick
wall across a motorway is deadly.
And just as a rising tone will change in character  and  take  on
harmonics  as it rises, so again, this emotionless emotion seemed
to rise to an unbearable if unheard scream and suddenly seemed to
be a scream of guilt and failure.
And suddenly it stopped.
They were left standing on a quiet hilltop on a tranquil evening.
The sun was setting.
All around them softly undulating green  countryside  rolled  off
gently  into  the distance. Birds sang about what they thought of
it all, and the general opinion seemed to be good. A  little  way
away  could  be heard the sound of children playing, and a little
further away than the apparent source of that sound could be seen
in the dimming evening light the outlines of a small town.
The town appeared to consist mostly of fairly low buildings  made
of white stone. The skyline was of gentle pleasing curves.
The sun had nearly set.
As if out of nowhere, music began.  Slartibartfast  tugged  at  a
switch and it stopped.
A voice said, "This ..." Slartibartfast tugged at a switch and it
stopped.
"I will tell you about it," he said quietly.
The place was peaceful.  Arthur  felt  happy.  Even  Ford  seemed
cheerful.  They  walked a short way in the direction of the town,
and the Informational Illusion of  the  grass  was  pleasant  and
springy  under  their feet, and the Informational Illusion of the
flowers smelt sweet  and  fragrant.  Only  Slartibartfast  seemed
apprehensive and out of sorts.
He stopped and looked up.
It suddenly occurred to Arthur that, coming as this  did  at  the
end,  so to speak, or rather the beginning of all the horror they
had just blurredly experienced, something nasty must be about  to
happen.  He  was  distressed  to think that something nasty could
happen to somewhere as idyllic as this. He too glanced up.  There
was nothing in the sky.
"They're not about  to  attack  here,  are  they?"  he  said.  He
realized that this was merely a recording he was walking through,
but he still felt alarmed.
"Nothing is about to attack here," said Slartibartfast in a voice
which  unexpectedly  trembled with emotion. "This is where it all
started. This is the place itself. This is Krikkit."
He stared up into the sky.
The sky, from one horizon to another, from  east  to  west,  from
north to south, was utterly and completely black.
=================================================================
Chapter 11
Stomp stomp.
Whirrr.
"Pleased to be of service."
"Shut up."
"Thank you."
Stomp stomp stomp stomp stomp.
Whirrr.
"Thank you for making a simple door very happy."
"Hope your diodes rot."
"Thank you. Have a nice day."
Stomp stomp stomp stomp.
Whirrr.
"It is my pleasure to open for you ..."
"Zark off."
"... and my satisfaction to close again with the knowledge  of  a
job well done."
"I said zark off."
"Thank you for listening to this message."
Stomp stomp stomp stomp.
"Wop."
Zaphod stopped stomping. He had been stomping around the Heart of
Gold  for  days, and so far no door had said "wop" to him. He was
fairly certain that no door had said "wop" to him now. It was not
the  sort  of  thing  doors said. Too concise. Furthermore, there
were not enough doors. It sounded as if a hundred thousand people
had  said "wop", which puzzled him because he was the only person
on the ship.
It was dark. Most of the ship's non-essential systems were closed
down. It was drifting in a remote area of the Galaxy, deep in the
inky blackness of space. So  which  particular  hundred  thousand
people  would  turn up at this point and say a totally unexpected
"wop"?
He looked about him, up the corridor and down  the  corridor.  It
was  all  in  deep  shadow.  There were just the very dim pinkish
outlines of the  doors  which  glowed  in  the  dark  and  pulsed
whenever they spoke, though he had tried every way he could think
of of stopping them.
The lights were off so that his heads could avoid looking at each
other,  because  neither  of  them  was  currently a particularly
engaging sight, and nor had they been since he had made the error
of looking into his soul.
It had indeed been an error. It had been  late  one  night  -  of
course.
It had been a difficult day - of course.
There had been soulful music playing on the ship's sound system -
of course.
And he had, of course, been slightly drunk.
In other words, all the usual conditions which bring on a bout of
soul-searching  had  applied,  but  it had, nevertheless, clearly
been an error.
Standing now, silent and alone in the dark corridor he remembered
the  moment  and  shivered.  His  one head looked one way and his
other the other and each decided that the other was  the  way  to
He listened but could hear nothing.
All there had been was the "wop".
It seemed an awfully long way to bring an awfully large number of
people just to say one word.
He started nervously to edge his way  in  the  direction  of  the
bridge.  There  at  least  he  would  feel in control. He stopped
again. The way he was feeling he didn't think he was  an  awfully
good person to be in control.
The  first  shock  of  that  moment,  thinking  back,  had   been
discovering that he actually had a soul.
In fact he'd always more or less assumed that he had  one  as  he
had  a  full  complement  of  everything  else, and indeed two of
somethings, but suddenly actually to encounter the thing  lurking
there deep within him had giving him a severe jolt.
And then to discover (this was the second shock) that  it  wasn't
the  totally wonderful object which he felt a man in his position
had a natural right to expect had jolted him again.
Then he had thought about what his position actually was and  the
renewed  shock had nearly made him spill his drink. He drained it
quickly before anything serious  happened  to  it.  He  then  had
another  quick one to follow the first one down and check that it
was all right.
"Freedom," he said aloud.
Trillian came on to the bridge at that  point  and  said  several
enthusiastic things on the subject of freedom.
"I can't cope with it," he said darkly, and sent  a  third  drink
down  to  see why the second hadn't yet reported on the condition
of the first. He looked uncertainly at both of her and  preferred
the one on the right.
He poured a drink down his other throat with  the  plan  that  it
would head the previous one off at the pass, join forces with it,
and together they would get the second to pull  itself  together.
Then  all  three  would  go off in search of the first, give it a
good talking to and maybe a bit of a sing as well.
He felt uncertain as to whether the fourth drink  had  understood
all  that, so he sent down a fifth to explain the plan more fully
and a sixth for moral support.
"You're drinking too much," said Trillian.
His heads collided trying to sort out the four of  her  he  could
now  see  into  a  whole  position.  He gave up and looked at the
navigation screen and was astonished to see  a  quite  phenomenal
number of stars.
"Excitement and adventure and really wild things," he muttered.
"Look," she said in a sympathetic tone of  voice,  and  sat  down
near  him, "it's quite understandable that you're going to feel a
little aimless for a bit."
He boggled at her. He had never seen anyone sit on their own  lap
before.
"Wow," he said. He had another drink.
"You've finished the mission you've been on for years."
"I haven't been on it. I've tried to avoid being on it."
"You've still finished it."
He grunted. There seemed to be a terrific party going on  in  his
stomach.
"I think it finished me," he said. "Here I am, Zaphod Beeblebrox,
I  can  go anywhere, do anything. I have the greatest ship in the
know sky, a girl with whom things seem to be working  out  pretty
well ..."
"Are they?"
"As far as I can tell I'm not an expert in personal relationships
..."
Trillian raised her eyebrows.
"I am," he added, "one hell of a guy, I can do  anything  I  want
only I just don't have the faintest idea what."
He paused.
"One thing," he further added, "has suddenly ceased  to  lead  to
another"  -  in  contradiction  of which he had another drink and
slid gracelessly off his chair.
Whilst he slept it off, Trillian did a  little  research  in  the
ship's copy of The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy. It had some
advice to offer on drunkenness.
"Go to it," it said, "and good luck."
It was cross-referenced to the entry concerning the size  of  the
Universe and ways of coping with that.
Then she found the entry on Han Wavel, an exotic holiday  planet,
and one of the wonders of the Galaxy.
Han Wavel is a world which consists largely  of  fabulous  ultra-
luxury  hotels  and casinos, all of which have been formed by the
natural erosion of wind and rain.
The chances of this happening are more or less  one  to  infinity
against.  Little  is known of how this came about because none of
the geophysicists, probability statisticians,  meteoranalysts  or
bizzarrologists who are so keen to research it can afford to stay
there.
Terrific, thought Trillian to herself, and within a few hours the
great white running-shoe ship was slowly powering down out of the
sky beneath a hot brilliant sun towards a brightly coloured sandy
spaceport.  The  ship  was  clearly  causing  a  sensation on the
ground, and Trillian  was  enjoying  herself.  She  heard  Zaphod
moving around and whistling somewhere in the ship.
"How are you?" she said over the general intercom.
"Fine," he said brightly, "terribly well."
"Where are you?"
"In the bathroom."
"What are you doing?"
"Staying here."
After an hour or two it became plain that he  meant  it  and  the
ship returned to the sky without having once opened its hatchway.
"Heigh ho," said Eddie the Computer.
Trillian nodded patiently, tapped her fingers a couple  of  times
and pushed the intercom switch.
"I think that enforced fun is probably not what you need at  this
point."
"Probably not," replied Zaphod from wherever he was.
"I think a bit of physical challenge would help draw you  out  of
yourself."
"Whatever you think, I think," said Zaphod.
"Recreational  Impossibilities"  was  a  heading   which   caught
Trillian's  eye  when,  a short while later, she sat down to flip
through the Guide again, and as  the  Heart  of  Gold  rushed  at
improbable speeds in an indeterminate direction, she sipped a cup
of something undrinkable from the Nutrimatic Drink Dispenser  and
read about how to fly.
The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy has  this  to  say  on  the
subject of flying.
There is an art, it says, or rather a knack to flying.
The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself  at  the  ground
and miss.
Pick a nice day, it suggests, and try it.
The first part is easy.
All it requires is simply the ability to throw  yourself  forward
with  all  your weight, and the willingness not to mind that it's
going to hurt.
That is, it's going to hurt if you fail to miss the ground.
Most people fail to miss the  ground,  and  if  they  are  really
trying properly, the likelihood is that they will fail to miss it
fairly hard.
Clearly, it's the second point, the missing, which  presents  the
difficulties.
One problem is that you have to  miss  the  ground  accidentally.
It's  no  good  deliberately intending to miss the ground because
you won't. You have to have your attention suddenly distracted by
something  else  when  you're  halfway  there, so that you are no
longer thinking about falling, or about the ground, or about  how
much it's going to hurt if you fail to miss it.
It is notoriously difficult to prise  your  attention  away  from
these  three  things  during  the  split  second you have at your
disposal.  Hence  most  people's  failure,  and  their   eventual
disillusionment with this exhilarating and spectacular sport.
If,  however,  you  are  lucky  enough  to  have  your  attention
momentarily  distracted at the crucial moment by, say, a gorgeous
pair of legs (tentacles, pseudopodia, according to phyllum and/or
personal inclination) or a bomb going off in your vicinity, or by
suddenly spotting an extremely rare species  of  beetle  crawling
along  a nearby twig, then in your astonishment you will miss the
ground completely and remain bobbing just a few inches  above  it
in what might seem to be a slightly foolish manner.
This is a moment for superb and delicate concentration.
Bob and float, float and bob.
Ignore all considerations of  your  own  weight  and  simply  let
yourself waft higher.
Do not listen to what anybody says to you at this  point  because
they are unlikely to say anything helpful.
They are most likely to say something along the lines  of,  "Good
God, you can't possibly be flying!"
It is vitally important not to believe them or they will suddenly
be right.
Waft higher and higher.
Try a few swoops, gentle ones at  first,  then  drift  above  the
treetops breathing regularly.
Do not wave at anybody.
When you have done this a few times you will find the  moment  of
distraction rapidly becomes easier and easier to achieve.
You will then learn all sorts of things about how to control your
flight,  your  speed, your manoeuvrability, and the trick usually
lies in not thinking too hard about whatever you want to do,  but
just allowing it to happen as if it was going to anyway.
You will also learn how to land properly, which is something  you
will  almost  certainly cock up, and cock up badly, on your first
attempt.
There are private flying  clubs  you  can  join  which  help  you
achieve the all-important moment of distraction. They hire people
with surprising bodies or opinions to leap out from behind bushes
and  exhibit  and/or  explain  them  at  the crucial moments. Few
genuine hitch-hikers will be able to afford to join these  clubs,
but some may be able to get temporary employment at them.
Trillian read this longingly, but reluctantly decided that Zaphod
wasn't  really  in the right frame of mind for attempting to fly,
or for walking  through  mountains  or  for  trying  to  get  the
Brantisvogan  Civil  Service  to  acknowledge a change-of-address
card, which were  the  other  things  listed  under  the  heading
"Recreational Impossibilities".
Instead, she flew the ship to Allosimanius  Syneca,  a  world  of
ice,  snow, mind-hurtling beauty and stunning cold. The trek from
the snow plains of  Liska  to  the  summit  of  the  Ice  Crystal
Pyramids  of  Sastantua is long and gruelling, even with jet skis
and a team of Syneca Snowhounds, but the view  from  the  top,  a
view which takes in the Stin Glacier Fields, the shimmering Prism
Mountains and the far ethereal dancing icelights,  is  one  which
first  freezes  the  mind and then slowly releases it to hitherto
unexperienced horizons of beauty, and  Trillian,  for  one,  felt
that  she  could do with a bit of having her mind slowly released
to hitherto unexperienced horizons of beauty.
They went into a low orbit.
There lay the silverwhite beauty of Allosimanius  Syneca  beneath
them.
Zaphod stayed in bed with one head stuck under a pillow  and  the
other doing crosswords till late into the night.
Trillian nodded patiently again, counted to a  sufficiently  high
number, and told herself that the important thing now was just to
get Zaphod talking.
She prepared, by dint  of  deactivating  all  the  robot  kitchen
synthomatics,  the  most  fabulously  delicious  meal  she  could
contrive -  delicately  oiled  meals,  scented  fruits,  fragrant
cheeses, fine Aldebaran wines.
She carried it through to him and asked if he felt  like  talking
things through.
"Zark off," said Zaphod.
Trillian nodded patiently to herself, counted to an  even  higher
number,  tossed  the  tray lightly aside, walked to the transport
room and just teleported herself the hell out of his life.
She  didn't  even  programme  any  coordinates,  she  hadn't  the
faintest  idea  where she was going, she just went - a random row
of dots flowing through the Universe.
"Anything," she said to herself as  she  left,  "is  better  than
this."
"Good job too," muttered  Zaphod  to  himself,  turned  over  and
failed to go to sleep.
The next day he restlessly paced the empty corridors of the ship,
pretending  not to look for her, though he knew she wasn't there.
He ignored the computer's querulous demands to know just what the
hell  was  going on around here by fitting a small electronic gag
across a pair of its terminals.
After a while he began to turn down the lights. There was nothing
to see. Nothing was about to happen.
Lying in bed one night - and night was now  virtually  continuous
on  the ship - he decided to pull himself together, to get things
into some kind of perspective. He sat up sharply and  started  to
pull  clothes  on.  He  decided that there must be someone in the
Universe feeling  more  wretched,  miserable  and  forsaken  than
himself, and he determined to set out and find him.
Halfway to the bridge it occurred to him that it might be Marvin,
and he returned to bed.
It was a few hours later than this, as he stomped  disconsolately
about  the darkened corridors swearing at cheerful doors, that he
heard the "wop" said, and it made him very nervous.
He leant tensely against the corridor wall and frowned like a man
trying  to  unbend  a  corkscrew  by  telekinesis.  He  laid  his
fingertips against the wall and felt an  unusual  vibration.  And
now  he  could  quite  clearly hear slight noises, and could hear
where they were coming from - they were coming from the bridge.
"Computer?" he hissed.
"Mmmm?" said the computer terminal nearest him, equally quietly.
"Is there someone on this ship?"
"Mmmmm," said the computer.
"Who is it?"
Mmmmm mmm mmmmm," said the computer.
"What?"
"Mmmmm mmmm mm mmmmmmmm."
Zaphod buried one of his faces in two of his hands.
"Oh, Zarquon," he muttered to himself.  Then  he  stared  up  the
corridor  towards  the entrance to the bridge in the dim distance
from which more and purposeful noises were coming, and  in  which
the gagged terminals were situated.
"Computer," he hissed again.
"Mmmmm?"
"When I ungag you ..."
"Mmmmm."
"Remind me to punch myself in the mouth."
"Mmmmm mmm?"
"Either one. Now just tell me this. One for yes, two for  no.  Is
it dangerous?"
"Mmmmm."
"It is?"
"Mmmm."
"You didn't just go `mmmm' twice?"
"Mmmm mmmm."
"Hmmmm."
He inched his way up the  corridor  as  if  he  would  rather  be
yarding his way down it, which was true.
He was within two yards  of  the  door  to  the  bridge  when  he
suddenly  realized  to his horror that it was going to be nice to
him, and he stopped dead. He hadn't been able  to  turn  off  the
doors' courtesy voice circuits.
This doorway to the bridge was  concealed  from  view  within  it
because of the excitingly chunky way in which the bridge had been
designed to  curve  round,  and  he  had  been  hoping  to  enter
unobserved.
He leant despondently back against the wall again and  said  some
words which his other head was quite shocked to hear.
He peered at the dim pink outline of  the  door,  and  discovered
that in the darkness of the corridor he could just about make out
the Sensor Field which extended out into the  corridor  and  told
the  door  when there was someone there for whom it must open and
to whom it must make a cheery and pleasant remark.
He pressed himself hard back against the wall and  edged  himself
towards  the  door,  flattening  his chest as much as he possibly
could to avoid brushing against the very, very dim  perimeter  of
the  field.  He  held  his  breath,  and congratulated himself on
having lain in bed sulking for the  last  few  days  rather  than
trying  to work out his feelings on chest expanders in the ship's
gym.
He then realized he was going to have to speak at this point.
He took a series of  very  shallow  breaths,  and  then  said  as
quickly  and  as  quietly as he could, "Door, if you can hear me,
say so very, very quietly."
Very, very quietly, the door murmured, "I can hear you."
"Good. Now, in a moment, I'm going to ask you to open.  When  you
open I do not want you to say that you enjoyed it, OK?"
"OK."
"And I don't want you to say to me that I have made a simple door
very  happy,  or that it is your pleasure to open for me and your
satisfaction to close again with the  knowledge  of  a  job  well
done, OK?"
"OK."
"And I do not want you to ask me to have a nice day, understand?"
"I understand."
"OK," said Zaphod, tensing himself, "open now."
The door slid open quietly. Zaphod slipped quietly  through.  The
door closed quietly behind him.
"Is that the way you like it, Mr Beeblebrox?" said the  door  out
loud.
"I want you to imagine," said Zaphod to the group of white robots
who  swung  round  to stare at him at that point, "that I have an
extremely powerful Kill-O-Zap blaster pistol in my hand."
There was an  immensely  cold  and  savage  silence.  The  robots
regarded  him  with  hideously  dead eyes. They stood very still.
There was something intensely  macabre  about  their  appearance,
especially  to Zaphod who had never seen one before or even known
anything about them. The Krikkit Wars  belonged  to  the  ancient
past  of  the  Galaxy,  and  Zaphod  had  spent most of his early
history lessons plotting how he was going to have  sex  with  the
girl  in  the  cybercubicle  next  to him, and since his teaching
computer had been an integral part of this plot it had eventually
had  all its history circuits wiped and replaced with an entirely
different set of ideas  which  had  then  resulted  in  it  being
scrapped  and sent to a home for Degenerate Cybermats, whither it
was followed by the girl who had inadvertently fallen  deeply  in
love  with  the  unfortunate  machine,  with  the result (a) that
Zaphod never got near her and (b) that he missed out on a  period
of  ancient  history that would have been of inestimable value to
him at this moment.
He stared at them in shock.
It was impossible to explain why,  but  their  smooth  and  sleek
white bodies seemed to be the utter embodiment of clean, clinical
evil. From their hideously dead eyes to their  powerful  lifeless
feet,  they  were  clearly  the calculated product of a mind that
wanted simply to kill. Zaphod gulped in cold fear.
They had been dismantling part of the rear bridge wall,  and  had
forced  a  passage through some of the vital innards of the ship.
Through the tangled wreckage Zaphod could see, with a further and
worse  sense of shock, that they were tunnelling towards the very
heart of the ship, the heart of the Improbability Drive that  had
been  so  mysteriously created out of thin air, the Heart of Gold
itself.
The robot closest to him was regarding him in such a  way  as  to
suggest  that  it  was  measuring  every smallest particle of his
body, mind and capability. And when it spoke, what it said seemed
to  bear this impression out. Before going on to what it actually
said, it is worth recording at this point  that  Zaphod  was  the
first  living  organic being to hear one of these creatures speak
for something over  ten  billion  years.  If  he  had  paid  more
attention  to his ancient history lessons and less to his organic
being, he might have been more impressed by this honour.
The robot's voice was like its body, cold, sleek and lifeless. It
had  almost  a  cultured  rasp to it. It sounded as ancient as it
was.
It said, "You do have a Kill-O-Zap blaster pistol in your hand."
Zaphod didn't know what it  meant  for  a  moment,  but  then  he
glanced down at his own hand and was relieved to see that what he
had found clipped to a  wall  bracket  was  indeed  what  he  had
thought it was.
"Yeah," he said in a kind  of  relieved  sneer,  which  is  quite
tricky,  "well,  I  wouldn't  want  to  overtax your imagination,
robot." For a while nobody said  anything,  and  Zaphod  realized
that the robots were obviously not here to make conversation, and
that it was up to him.
"I can't help noticing that you have parked your ship,"  he  said
with  a  nod  of  one  of his heads in the appropriate direction,
"through mine."
There was no denying this. Without regard for any kind of  proper
dimensional  behaviour  they  had  simply materialized their ship
precisely where they wanted it to be, which  meant  that  it  was
simply  locked  through the Heart of Gold as if they were nothing
more than two combs.
Again, they made no response to this, and Zaphod wondered if  the
conversation  would gather any momentum if he phrased his part of
it in the form of questions.
"... haven't you?" he added.
"Yes," replied the robot."
"Er, OK," said Zaphod. "So what are you cats doing here?"
Silence.
"Robots," said Zaphod, "what are you robots doing here?"
"We have come," rasped the robot, "for the Gold of the Bail."
Zaphod nodded. He waggled his gun to invite further  elaboration.
The robot seemed to understand this.
"The Gold Bail is part of the Key we seek," continued the  robot,
"to release our Masters from Krikkit."
Zaphod nodded again. He waggled his gun again.
"The Key," continued the robot simply, "was disintegrated in time
and space. The Golden Bail is embedded in the device which drives
your ship. It will be reconstituted in the Key. Our Masters shall
be released. The Universal Readjustment will continue."
Zaphod nodded again.
"What are you talking about?" he said.
A slightly pained expression seemed to cross the robot's  totally
expressionless  face.  He  seemed  to be finding the conversation
depressing.
"Obliteration," it said. "We seek  the  Key,"  it  repeated,  "we
already  have the Wooden Pillar, the Steel Pillar and the Perspex
Pillar. In a moment we will have the Gold Bail ..."
"No you won't."
"We will," stated the robot.
"No you won't. It makes my ship work."
"In a moment," repeated the robot patiently, "we  will  have  the
Gold Bail ..."
"You will not," said Zaphod.
"And then we must go," said the robot, in all seriousness, "to  a
party."
"Oh," said Zaphod, startled. "Can I come?"
"No," said the robot. "We are going to shoot you."
"Oh yeah?" said Zaphod, waggling his gun.
"Yes," said the robot, and they shot him.
Zaphod was so surprised that they had to shoot him  again  before
he fell down.
=================================================================
Chapter 12
"Shhh," said Slartibartfast. "Listen and watch."
Night had now fallen on ancient Krikkit. The  sky  was  dark  and
empty. The only light was coming from the nearby town, from which
pleasant convivial sounds were drifting quietly  on  the  breeze.
They  stood  beneath  a  tree  from which heady fragrances wafted
around them. Arthur squatted and felt the Informational  Illusion
of  the  soil  and  the grass. He ran it through his fingers. The
soil seemed heavy and rich, the grass  strong.  It  was  hard  to
avoid  the impression that this was a thoroughly delightful place
in all respects.
The sky was, however, extremely blank and  seemed  to  Arthur  to
cast  a  certain  chill  over the otherwise idyllic, if currently
invisible, landscape. Still, he supposed, it's a question of what
you're used to.
He felt  a tap on his shoulder and looked up. Slartibartfast  was
quietly  directing his attention to something down the other side
of the hill. He looked and  could  just  see  some  faint  lights
dancing and waving, and moving slowly in their direction.
As they came nearer, sounds became audible too, and soon the  dim
lights  and  noises  resolved  themselves  into  a small group of
people who were walking home across the hill towards the town.
They walked quite near the watchers beneath  the  tree,  swinging
lanterns  which  made soft and crazy lights dance among the trees
and grass, chattering contentedly, and actually  singing  a  song
about  how terribly nice everything was, how happy they were, how
much they enjoyed working on the farm, and how pleasant it was to
be  going  home  to  see their wives and children, with a lilting
chorus to the effect that the flowers were smelling  particularly
nice at this time of year and that it was a pity the dog had died
seeing as it liked them so much. Arthur could almost imagine Paul
McCartney  sitting  with  his  feet  up  by  the fire on evening,
humming it to Linda and wondering what to buy with the  proceeds,
and thinking probably Essex.
"The Masters of Krikkit," breathed Slartibartfast  in  sepulchral
tones.
Coming, as it did, so hard upon the heels  of  his  own  thoughts
about  Essex this remark caused Arthur a moment's confusion. Then
the logic of the situation imposed itself on his scattered  mind,
and  he  discovered  that he still didn't understand what the old
man meant.
"What?" he said.
"The Masters of Krikkit," said Slartibartfast again, and  if  his
