next moment, when he realized that she'd come through totally
unscathed (as usual), he asked, "What did you find out?"
     "Yeah!" Jimmy enthused.  "What'd the Dungeon Master look
like?!"
     Ridiculous Sword exhaled deeply.  "He is the most nasty,
ruthless, egotistical, self-righteous, manipulative being it has
ever been my displeasure to meet.  It makes me sick just to think
that I'm living in _his_ multiverse."
     Disgusting Sword blinked uncomfortably.  "So did you find
out anything about our dear, beloved brother?"
     Ridiculous Sword nodded solemnly.  "Uh huh.  I know why the
D.M. wanted him to get away with being a chaotic-evil brat for so
long.  And I know what I have to do. . . ."
                             PART FOUR
     Sick Sword's memory still haunted Ringman like Isolde's did
Tristan.  Like Juliet's did Romeo.  Like Thisby's did Pyramus. 
Like Rock Hudson's did Jim Nabors.  Like --
     "Enough, already!" Ringman sneered.  "We get the picture!"
     Homer the brownie rode in back of Ringman on his warhorse,
as usual.  Disgusting Sword and Ridiculous Sword floated through
the air next to them.  Peter Perfect rode his own warhorse aside
Ringman's, holding the reins stiff-armed.  The horse seemed a
little uneasy about this whole setup, as did Prometheus.  Jimmy
lagged a little behind everyone else (staying clear of the
horse's trail, of course), swishing the Sick Sword menacingly
through the air.
     "So what's this big plan of yours, R.S.?" Jimmy asked.
     "Yes, Ridiculous," Ringman inquired, "I'd also like to know
what we're about to get ourselves into, so I can decide whether
or not I should be afraid of it."
     "Well," Ridiculous Sword began, "The first thing we've got
to do is lure Gross Sword back out into the open.  That's why
we're heading for The Great Big Clearing That Happens To Be Even
A Little Bigger Than The Clearing Sick Sword Built Her Keep In."
     "Ah," Ringman ahed, "So there won't be any innocent
bystanders for him to hack up."
     "No, just to give us some maneuvering room.  Oh, by the way,
I just remembered: Ringman, you've gotta upgrade your ballista. 
Plus 1 won't hit anyone protected by a double-strength potion of
invulnerability."
     Ringman buried his face in his right gauntlet.
     "Aw, don't bother him about it," Disgusting Sword told her,
"Peter Perfect doesn't have a spoon of stirring anyway.  So, tell
us more about your plan."
     "Why don't _you_ tell 'em, sis?"
     "_I_ don't know your plan."
     "But you can read my mind."
     "Not when you always have a mind blank spell up."
     "Oh, all right," Ridiculous Sword acquiesced.  "Anyway, we
get Gross Sword to come to us.  Disgusting Sword and I will keep
him occupied by meleeing him and not hitting.  Meanwhile, he'll
keep _us_ occupied by meleeing us and not hitting.  And then," she
pointed to Jimmy, "You hit him with Secret Weapon XJ-46."
     "Right," Jimmy grinned, instinctively moving his left arm
behind his back.
     Quizzically, Ringman looked behind Jimmy's back.  All he saw
was a left hand clutching air.  Then the paladin fingered his own
torso and decided, 'I think I'd better keep this Invulnerable
Coat of Arnd on for the duration.'
     "And that's the whole plan?!" Homer complained.  "Hit him
with Secret Weapon XJ-46?!  No escape routes, no back-ups, no
ideas of what to do if Gross Sword's still alive _after_ your big
lollapaloozer hits him?!"
     "Oh, he probably _will_ be still alive after he's hit.  I've
already thought of that."
     They reached the geometric center of the clearing and
stopped.  Ridiculous Sword solemnly declared, "The time is
right."
     "Uh," Ringman interrupted, "Don't we have to wait for the
three suns to align or something?"
     Ridiculous Sword grimaced at him.  "Central Earth only _has_
one sun!  Sheish, for a paladin you sure have a weak stomach!"
     "You ready?" Disgusting Sword asked of everyone (but of
Ridiculous Sword in particular).
     Ridiculous Sword nodded matter of factly.  "I'm ready."
     Jimmy smiled like a little boy hiding a secret.  "I'm
ready."
     Ringman and Homer blinked at each other.  "We're not ready."
     "Good, we're all in agreement then," Ridiculous Sword
declared.  She raised her horn of blasting into the wind, and
yelled through it: "GROOOOOOOOOOOSS Sword!  Come out come out
wherever you are!"
     The clear-blue sky seemed to rumble a reply as Ridiculous
Sword put her horn away and both she and her sister began to cast
the same spell.  What spell it was they were casting, no one but
they had any idea.  Homer the brownie, suddenly aware of his
vulnerability in only having four hit points and a _positive_
armor class, ran around behind Ringman's warhorse and blended in
with the surroundings.  Peter Perfect, of course, just sat there
stiff-armed on top of his horse.  Ringman drew his (merely +5)
holy longsword and raised his shield.
     The air felt tense.  Very tense.  Ringman probably could
have drawn a spark by touching metal if he wasn't grounded to his
armor.  He wished to his deity that his daughters would hurry up
and finish whatever spell it was they were casting.
     Then, he saw it.  So did everyone else, for that matter; it
was rather hard to miss.  Six seconds ago the sky had been pure
azure, but now it was dominated by a single gigantic, swirling,
black cloud reaching all the way to the ground.  And into the
center of the Great Big Field, out of the cone of this cyclone --
no, hurricane was a better word -- dropped the single most
powerful force of chaotic-evil in the multiverse.
     And flanking him at ten yards intervals dropped four twelve-
foot-high humanoid machines.
     "Golems!" Ringman gasped.  Ridiculous Sword or Disgusting
Sword could have told him that, of course, but they were still
busy saying magic words and waving their arms around.  This
scared Homer even more, and even Jimmy and Ringman's warhorse
began to get lumps in their stomachs.  (Though Peter Perfect, of
course, just sat there in the saddle with his arms out stiff.) 
These golems were big, and broad, and dark-colored, and noisy. 
Very noisy.  One solid, clanking step from any of them could set
off a fault line.  Ringman had a slight feeling that he was
outclassed.  "Uh . . . Ridiculous Sword . . . Disgusting Sword   
. . . could you hurry it --"
     "Ha haaaaaah!" the boy in the middle gloated, drawing
attention back to himself (as well as the Gross Broadsword and
the Gross Hand Axe).  His sandy brown hair framed a dark, hidden
fury within his eyes, but the whole of his expression drowned in
his sinister, sickening smile.
     It was then that it dawned on Ringman: _this_ was his son. 
This was the first time he'd ever so much as _seen_ his own boy. 
It was also the first time Gross Sword had seen _him_ for real,
even though he had probably spied on Ringman countless times with
a crystal ball or a mirror of mental prowess or whatnot.
     "So, father," the sinister smile mused as Gross Sword pulled
out card number ten from the Villain's Collection of Commonly
Used Sayings and held it up to display: "At last we meet."
     He tromped with painstaking slowness toward Ringman, Gross
Broadsword in right hand and Gross Hand Axe in left, relishing
the ever-increasing look of horror on his father's face. 
Perhaps, some dim flicker of conscience told him, he should be
paying more attention to his goody-two-shoes sisters; but they
were no threat and this paladin was far more entertaining.
     The holy sword quavered in Ringman's hands.
     And at that moment, Ridiculous Sword and Disgusting Sword
finished their spells by casting their hands toward the sky and
crying the activating phrase, "TEMPUUUUUUUUUUUUUS FUGIT!"
     If you thought the Sick Girls could move fast before, you
would have been flabberghasted to see them now.  Their normal
running speeds, which were already only slightly under mach five,
now increased SIXFOLD to a monstrous 30 720 feet per second. 
They could move six times as fast, attack six times as fast, cast
spells six times as fast, and even think six times as fast.  This
was the awesome might that Tempus Fugit had bestowed upon them.
     Gross Sword looked through his robe of eyes' rear eyes at
the two human cyclones now approaching him.  "God IV!" he gasped. 
"How could I have overlooked such a powerful spell!"
     Ringman wiped his brow, grateful that his murderous son's
attention had been drawn from him.  He stopped relaxing, though,
when he realized that the four golems hadn't been so distracted.
     Gross Sword assessed things as quickly as he could manage. 
Ridiculous Blur and Disgusting Blur would probably use their
speed to try and feint past his defenses.  He would have to keep
his guard up more now than ever before in his life.  The only way
he could hope for better-than-average odds of survival would be
to . . . <cringe> . . . PARRY -- without attacking!  He swallowed
his pride and went on the defensive.
     Ridiculous Sword reached him first.  She had been nearer to
him when she'd finished her spell.  Gross Sword crossed his
broadsword and hand-axe and readied to kick in his helm of
teleportation if it came to that.  And then, when Ridiculous
Sword closed to within ten feet of him, she . . . she _slowed
down_!  She slowed to her usual ridiculously-fast pace, instead of
the unbelievably-fast pace she'd just had.  Puzzled but
delighted, Gross Sword looked at Disgusting Sword, and found that
she had slowed down to below hypersonic as well.  And his father
behind him, and the four golems -- they looked to be moving six
times more lethargically than they had any right to.
     _Now_ he remembered.  Tempus fugit affected everything within
ten feet of its caster, friend or foe.
     Ringman hardly noticed his son's and daughters' little
skirmish; twelve feet of mindless metal was about to pound him
into the ground like a tent peg.  He would have to hit it first. 
He charged up the few remaining yards to the behemoth, shouting
to drown out his fear, and rammed his holy sword toward its metal
belly.
     He was in mid-swing, too late to stop the momentum of his
blow or the momentum of his thoughts, when he realized exactly
what _kind_ of metal this golem was made of.
     The sword's tip impacted into an impenetrable wall.  It
arched under the weight of Ringman's thrust, protested, and
finally snapped in two.  The upper half of the blade clattered
down soundlessly against the grassy earth.  Ringman stared in
horror at the half of a sword remaining in his right hand, then
slowly turned to the golem and exclaimed, "You have broken what
could not _be_ broken!"
     "I am pure adamantite," the golem replied.  "That is a +6
substance.  Your holy sword was only +5.  That was why it broke."
     Ringman nested his face in one hand and shook his head.
     "This has been a recorded announcement," the golem finished,
and smashed down on Ringman so hard it knocked him to the ground.
     Ringman rolled out of the creature's way and stood up.  Just
being stepped on by that thing would probably squish him,
mithral-alloyed armor and all.  The adamantite golem stumbled
harmlessly by, leaving six-inch-deep footprints.  Ringman figured
he might be able to keep its attention for a few minutes, but
then it might lose interest and turn instead on Homer or Jimmy or
his warhorse.  He needed to down this thing, and he needed a +6
weapon to do it.
     He looked over at Jimmy.  _He_ had a +6 broadsword.  He was
also using that +6 broadsword to fend off one of the other three
adamantite golems.  Ringman certainly couldn't take that sword
from Jimmy, even if he _could_ stomach taking the Sick Sword into
his hand again.  Ridiculous Sword and Disgusting Sword also had
+6 broadswords -- and +6 daggers, and +6 longswords, and +6 hand
axes.  And all eight of them were either in their hands or
dancing in the air to keep Gross Sword's attention.  And Gross
Sword probably wouldn't be willing to forfeit any of his +6
weapons to Ringman just yet.
     Where on Central Earth could he find a +6 wea--
     The green glow from Peter Perfect's hip almost seemed to
respond to his thoughts.  That poor-excuse-for-a-holy-sword _had
told him that Peter Perfect had paid the extra 20 000 gold pieces
to upgrade it to +6. . . .
     "No," Ringman convinced himself aloud.  "No.  No way.  
Un-uh.  No.  Absolutely not."
     The golem clanked toward him again.
     "Oh hell," he said, reached over, and drew the +6 sentient
holy avenger longsword from Peter Perfect's sheath.
     The sword was as perky as a +6 holy puppy dog.  "Ringman,
old buddy old pal old pal old pal!  So ya finally changed your
mind!"
     Ringman pointed a threatening finger at the sword.  "One
snide remark, Prometheus, and I'll find a way to break _you_,
too!"
     Prometheus shrugged in that way only holy swords can.  "My
personality score's higher than yours."
     The golem was nearly upon them.
     "Fine," barked Ringman, "For now just do what you do best!"
     "I thought you'd never ask," Prometheus replied and, in
concert with Ringman's strong right arm, rammed its tip right
through the adamantite golem's belly.
     "Ouch!" the golem commented.
     Ringman yanked the sword out of his opponent and swung
again, making a deep gash in the metal giant's side.  It was hurt
pretty badly now.  "Two attacks per minute," Prometheus
commented.  "I'm impressed."
     "New paladin rules," Ringman replied as he deflected another
swing of that adamantite arm with his +4 shield.  "Longsword
happens to be my weapon of choice."
     Ringman hacked twice at the behemoth again.  This mountain
of adamantite was doomed to fall, Ringman could be sure of that.
     Nearby, Jimmy was disposing of his adamantite golem in
classic fashion.  He couldn't attack as often as Ringman could,
since he was only first-level, but with the Sick Sword in his
hands he could hit just as hard, if not 10 damage points harder.
     The third and fourth golems, surprisingly, were already
mangled heaps of metal filings lying on the ground.  Disgusting
Sword figured maybe she didn't need both her Disgusting Dagger
AND her Disgusting Broadsword hacking futilely at Gross Sword at
the same time, so she sent the dagger off to tackle the golems
during one of its four-minute "dancing" episodes.
     All this time, Gross Sword and the Sick Girls had been
hacking at each other and at each others' dancing weapons with
absolutely no result.  Gross Sword could have sworn that
Disgusting Sword had only been armor class -27 last time he saw
her, which was certainly a weak enough A.C. for him to penetrate.
     "I could have sworn you were only armor class -27 last time
I saw you, Disgusting Sword," Gross Sword said, breaking their
silence.
     "I was," Disgusting Sword told him as she parried and
riposted.  (Her riposte missed, of course.)  "Look at my stones."
     Gross Sword quickly counted and assimilated the tiny baubles
whirling around Disgusting Sword's head.  Sure enough, there were
eighteen dusty rose stones in orbit about her that hadn't been
there before.  "Oh," he said, "I see.  Eighteen +1-protection
ioun stones to bring your armor class down to -45.  You're almost
as cheap as I am."
     Jimmy chopped down on his golem for the final time.  The
humanoid lump of adamantite gave a non-descript grunt and keeled
over.  "All right!" Jimmy cheered.  "I got one!  I . . . uh . . .
I . . . IIIIiiiiIIIIIII -- AAAAAGH!"
     Jimmy too keeled over, holding his stomach.  He looked like 
he was about to explode.  Ringman saw this and rushed to his
side, taking off his gauntlets in case he needed to lay on his
hands.  "What's wrong, son?!"
     Gross Sword glanced over at him when he heard that.  But it
wasn't he who his father was asking, merely Ridiculous Sword's
new playmate whom Ringman had fleetingly called "son."
     Ridiculous Sword looked over at Jimmy and smiled.  She knew
what was going on.
     Jimmy, unfortunately, did not.  He felt like the time his
strength had suddenly climbed from 18 to 18/00, only about a
hundred times worse and in all the wrong places.  He shook, he
held his throbbing temples, he bubbled over; he imagined himself
turning inside out.
     When at last the feeling ebbed and his stomach returned to
his belly, he noticed the last fading traces of a bluish aura
around him.  He would have noticed it while he was changing,
except he had more important things to worry about then.
     "That adamantite golem got you 26 700 experience points,
Jimmy!" Ridiculous Sword called out.  "Welcome to level five!"
     "Oh no," Jimmy shook his head.  This was just too much.  He
was grateful that he had a migraine headache so that he could
hold his head and feel something familiar.
     Gross Sword's Gross Swords clanged and clashed against
Disgusting Sword's and Ridiculous Sword's invincible defenses. 
His airborne dancing weapons parried theirs like bats out of the
Abyss.  There must be some way to end this stalemate, Gross Sword
figured.  There must be some power, say, that his weapons could
drum up.  His broadsword, his hand axe, his long sword, and his
dagger were all +6 unholy dancing defender flame-tongue frost-
brand anti-sun blades of wounding, sharpness, throwing,
thunderbolts, life stealing, venom, contradisruption, all dragon
slaying, speed, final w--
     "Hey, WAIT A MILLISECOND!" Gross Sword barked.  "How come my
weapons' Final Word power never kicked in?!?"
     "I was waiting for you to mention that," Ridiculous Sword
said with a wide grin.  She cocked her right arm back, put every
ounce of Atlas Strength she had into the swing, and hacked a
mighty blow at her nemesis with the Ridiculous Broadsword.  Gross
Sword threw everything he had into the sword's way -- even his
weapons' full defender abilities -- but it couldn't stop the
blade.  Razor-sharp adamantite tore across his abdomen like
thunder, boosted by the limitless strength in Ridiculous Sword's
arm and the Bracer of Irresistible Damage around her left wrist. 
When the smoke cleared, Gross Sword was down 330 hit points.
     "AAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Gross Sword wailed.  He backed up, blinded by a searing pain like
he had never felt before in his life.  His eyes were full of
reflexive tears when he looked back up.  "How in the name of
Demogorgon's ghost did you _do_ that?!!"
     "Easy," Ridiculous Sword explained.  "I had a feeling the
Dungeon Master would forget about our weapons' Final Word powers,
just like he did the last time we fought.  I was just waiting for
you to remind him."
     "The Dungeon Master . . ." Gross Sword's words flowed out as
slowly as pitch.  "The Dungeon Master . . . forGOT?!?"
     Ridiculous Sword merely half-smiled back.
     "Then . . ." Gross Sword figured, "Then . . . my swords'
Final Word powers should work on YOU, too!"  He started to swing
his broadsword.
     "Maybe," Ridiculous Sword replied, turned around, and ran. 
"But you have to catch me first!"
     Gross Sword gave chase.  He ran after her for nearly a tenth
of a second before he realized that she was outdistancing him
six-to-one.  Damn it, her "tempus fugit" field moved _with_ her;
when she ran away, she left Gross Sword out in the cold.  And
Disgusting Sword had already put a fair distance between herself
and her dear little brother.
     Gross Sword sheathed his broadsword and his hand axe.  "I
can fix _that_," he muttered.  He inhaled deeply, wiggled his
fingers, and began to chant.  The chant was an illusionist spell;
a fifth-level illusionist spell.  He had memorized tempus fugit
just like his sisters had.  He just hadn't been sure of what the
spell could do, that was all.
     A sword and a dagger buzzed through the air toward him at
blinding speeds.  They were Ridiculous Sword's.  Damn her dancing
weapons.  One hit from one of those things, backed up by her
Bracer of Irresistible Damage, would be enough to finish him off
in his current state of health -- he only had 279 hit points
left.  There was nothing he could do except abort his spell and
run backwards until he was out of the dancing weapons' 30 yard
range.
     So reasoning, he aborted his spell and ran backwards until
he was out of the dancing weapons' 30 yard range.
     Disgusting Sword wasn't about to let him out of her clutches
so easily.  After all, the old Grosser might still have another
tempus fugit spell memorized.  She ran around behind him and
charged with her dancing +6 holy longsword of wounding and her
dancing +6 holy hand axe of wounding.  Gross Sword saw the
disembodied weapons coming (he _was_ wearing a rode of eyes, after
all) and parried them with the Gross Broadsword and the Gross
Dagger.  The weapons didn't stand a chance of hitting -- poor old
Disgusting Sword was born too soon to put the Final Word ability
on her toys -- but still they hacked and thrusted and slashed six
times faster than they had any right to.
     "What gives?" Gross Sword said, fending off her dancing
weapons.  They had certainly been confusing the hell out of him
all this time.  "Your dancing weapons aren't inside of a tempus
fugit field!"
     "They don't have to be," Disgusting Sword called back. 
"Dancing weapons fight with exactly the same expertise and power
as their wielder.   And since _I'm_ in a tempus fugit field . . ."
     Gross Sword slapped a palm over his face (while still
parrying with the other hand, of course).  "That has to be the
most ridiculous distortion of the rules I've ever heard of!" he
exclaimed.
     Ridiculous or not, it was there, and being implemented; and
any second now Ridiculous Sword's weapons could catch up with him
and deliver the Final Word.  He was at a dangerous disadvantage. 
There was only one option open to him.  He grit his teeth,
swallowed his pride (which was a very large gulp), and declared,
"Tactical advance to the rear!"
     Then he teleported.
                                #
     Or at least he tried to teleport.  Neither the Ether nor the
Astral Plane would accept him.  He bounced off of the fabric of
the multiverse in a purplish haze, and snapped right back to his
point of origin.
     "WHAT?!?" Gross Sword winced.
     Ridiculous Sword grinned.  "You don't think we chose this
particular clearing by accident, do you?  Certain areas of
Central Earth, such as this place and the Cracks of Doom, are
inherently teleport-proof.  You've just walked right into our
trap."
     Gross Sword grimaced, then pulled out his last ace.  "Oh
yeah?" he breathed, "Well, there's one other trick I have left." 
He grinned.  "Which you didn't count on."  He moved his hands to
the sky, and his sisters recognized the gesture.
     "OH NO!" the Sword sisters gasped in unison.
     Gross Sword snickered evilly, finished his somatic
components with a groin thrust, and chanted the mystic words,
"ANTI-MAGIC SHELL!"
     Ringman stared on in awe as an invisible sphere 49 feet
across englobed his son.  Even _he_ knew what that spell could do. 
No magic item would function within its confines -- not a single
one.  Nor would any of the Sick Kids' permanent spells.  However,
Ringman _did_ recall his dearly departed Sick Sword once saying
something about --
     "Artifacts!" he yelped, pointing at Gross Sword.  "Your
artifacts can still work inside the shell!"
     Ridiculous Sword, Disgusting Sword, and yes, even Gross
Sword all turned to their father and grudgingly told him, in
chorus, "Not any more they can't."
     Ridiculous Sword beamed him a telepathic picture of Dragon
and Dragrace's latest issue, page 23, paragraph 3.  The paragraph
read:  "I, the Dungeon Master, the most lordly and highest
creator of all the multiverse, and the most incredibly omnipotent
of any of you jerk-offs out there, hereby declare that anti-magic
shells will now stop the effects of artifacts and relics, as well
as the effects of non-artifact magic items, like they were
supposed to do in the first place.  Furthermore, magic potions
imbibed before the anti-magic shell touches the imbiber will
function normally.  IN NO WAY IS THIS STATEMENT TO BE ASSUMED AN
ADMISSION OF DUNGEON MASTER ERROR!"
     "Oh," Ringman shrugged.
     The scene fell silent.  Gross Sword had summoned in the
ultimate defense.  "Ha HA," he chortled chaotic-evilly, "My
defensive powers still work, but your offensive powers do _not_!
Your little trick hasn't availed you at all, my _dear_ sisters!
And now that I know about this spot and about tempus fugit,
you'll never be able to trick me again!  BWA ha ha ha haaaa!!"
     Jimmy shook his head and looked at Ringman, who was standing
less than ten yards away.  "I dunno . . . it's that evil laugh
that gets me."
     That evil laugh . . . that old bwa-ha-ha.  That was
something Peter Perfect had _always_ wanted to do.  If evil
laughter wasn't prohibited by that darned code of paladinhood,
he'd . . . he'd . . .
     Something snapped.  Something that only Peter Perfect could
hear.  It was no louder than a blade of grass dying of thirst, or
a bottle of fresh milk evaporating, but it was like thunder
compared with the boundless silence that had been numbing Peter
Perfect's consciousness.  That evil laugh had brought him to the
surface, and allowed him to make another saving throw against the
charm he was under.  And this time, with the help of the magic
items the Sick Sisters had given back to him, he made it.
     He felt his warhorse's familiar adamantite saddle underneath
him; the saddle sores felt welcome indeed.  He surveyed his
situation.  Gross Sword was chortling up a storm inside of an
anti-magic shell the way Peter had always wanted to do. 
Ridiculous Sword and Disgusting Sword were standing there,
pondering their next move.  Jimmy was holding the Sick Sword in
his right hand and concealing his left behind his back, and
pretending to be something more than he was.  Homer the brownie
was hiding behind Ringman's warhorse.  And Ringman, staring in
awe at the fray (or lack thereof), was wielding his own dear
Prometheus!
     He was about to charge over and snatch the holy sword from
his rival's hands, but his combat sense stopped him.  The Sick
Kids would mash him to bits if they knew he was up and around. 
He couldn't let them know.  He put his arms out stiffly in front
of him, as they had been when he was charmed, and hoped that
Ridiculous Sword and Disgusting Sword were too busy to tune in to
his wavelength.
     'Prometheus!' his thoughts cried.
     Startled, the holy sword twitched in Ringman's hand. 
Fortunately for Prometheus, Ringman was too preoccupied to
notice.  'I hear you,' the longsword transmitted telepathically.
     'When I tell you too,' Peter Perfect continued without
flinching, 'Leap into my hand.  _When I tell you to_.'
     'Gotcha,' the sword replied.  'It's nice to hear from you
again.'
     'Yeah, yeah, whatever.'  Neither of the Sick Girls turned
their attention to him.  Good.  He watched, and waited.
     Gross Sword raised his voice.  "I demand one billion gold
pieces, in small coins, and safe passage out of this land!"
     "Gold pieces?" Ridiculous Sword asked.  "What would _you_
want with money?"
     "Oh yeah," Gross Sword corrected himself, "That was just
something I heard on one of those old late-night precognitions. 
But I _still_ demand safe passage out of this land!  Or I'll kill
each and every living thing within thirty miles, and you won't be
able to stop me!"
     "Oh, we won't, will we?"  Ridiculous Sword's grin grew as
wide today as it ever would.  "Jimmy, it's time!"
     Jimmy almost lost control with excitement.  He pulled his
long-concealed left hand out from behind his back to reveal: 
"Secret Weapon XJ-46!" he yelled, glinting the secret weapon in
the sunlight.  "A BALLISTA OF AUTOMATIC MISSILE FIRE!!!"
     Disgusting Sword and Ridiculous Sword whipped out their
Ollamh Harps and strummed an incredibly triumphantly dramatic
chord.  Jimmy continued, "And ballista targets --"
     And now everyone joined in, except for Peter Perfect who was
still pretending to be charmed, "-- ARE ARMOR CLASS TEN IF
EXPOSED TO SIGHT!"
     Gross Sword cringed at the oversized crossbow sitting on
Jimmy's shoulder, at the chain feeding into it.  Each link of
that chain held a missile the size of a javelin with the punch of
a small house.  He wanted to fireball that kid as fast as he
could.  Or iceball him, or lightningball him, or sonicball him,
or whatever he wasn't immune to through the Sick Sword he carried
in his other hand.  But to launch any such attack on him, Gross
Sword would first have to lower his anti-magic shell -- and that
would leave Ridiculous Sword's final-word weapons open to reduce
him to chowder.  There had to be some other way for him to remain
invulnerab--
     "Ha HAAAH!" Gross Sword suddenly recalled, "My permanent
double-strength potion of invulnerability isn't affected by the
anti-magic shell!  You still need a +2 or better weapon to hit me
with, but since every weapon that comes near me gets rendered
non-magical, you won't be able to hit me at all!!"
     "Not so!" Jimmy replied in the most majestic tone of voice
he had ever used.  Ridiculous Sword had planned for just such a
come-uppance, and had given him one final contingency.  "Your
invulnerability requires your opponents to have a weapon of at
least +2 _OR_ hit dice of 6+2 or greater!"
     Gross Sword shook a finger at him.  "No no no no!  I've read
page 75 of the Book of Infinite Wisdom myself, and the footnote
specifically states that 'This does not apply to characters of
any sort'!"
     Jimmy grinned.  "But it _does_ apply to monsters."  He flexed
his neurons in concentration, and kicked in his permanent potion
of polymorph (self).  A startling transformation occurred.  Two
seconds later, he stood before his gross foe as . . . a hill
giant.
     A hill giant with a ballista of automatic missile fire.
     A hill giant with eight hit dice (plus one to two additional
hit points).
     "A character with lots of hit dice might not be able to hit
someone who's invulnerable, even if he's shooting at him with a
ballista," Jimmy explained in a hill-giantish voice, "But a
_monster_ with lots of hit dice firing a ballista at him can!"
     He pulled the trigger, and tore the sky apart.  The weapon's
catapult-string twanged back and forth, accepting and releasing
its javelin-sized loads, with an unearthly speed all its own. 
Shot after shot filled each deadly second with over a dozen
missiles, none of which failed to strike home.  Gross Sword
cringed under the onslaught as the shafts riddled his body,
ignoring his permanent double-strength invulnerability and all
common sense.
     And he couldn't heal himself.  None of his clerical healing
spells or magical wish spells or vampiric rings of regeneration
would work unless he dropped the protection of his magic-proof
sphere -- and lowering his only last-ditch defense would leave
him wide open to Ridiculous Sword's weapons' Final Word attacks. 
Slaughtered or shish-kabobbed; one was hardly different from the
other.  His psionic cell adjustment ability would only heal a
couple hundred hit points of damage before he exhausted his
psionic power point reserve.  His monk ability of missile
deflection was useless against siege missiles like the ones that
were puncturing his body at that instant.  And he couldn't
teleport.
     Gross Sword was down to four hundred hit points, and
dropping fast. . . .
     Three hundred hit points.  He still couldn't teleport. . . .
     Two hundred hit points.  The supply of missiles going into
that ballista still seemed endless. . . .
     One hundred hit points.  Instinctively, he cowered behind
his own arms . . . which were also impaled.
     Weak flesh.  Weak weak weak.  All his special training, all
those experience points, all those artifacts he'd collected to
make him indestructible came to nothing now.  He was as naked as
when he was first born.  As naked as in the womb before his
birth.  As naked as when Tiamat's seed of evil had first infected
him.
     Fifty-three hit points.  He looked up, looked around for
salvation.  Jimmy's hill-giantish eyes were merciless.  His
sisters played their Ollamh lutes with mounting tension.  Only
Ringman, among the onlookers, seemed deeply concerned.  Gross
Sword's paladin father bit the knuckle of one of his gauntlets
and shook his head with impending sorrow.
     Father . . .
     Forty-five hit points. . . . Twenty-eight. . . .
     Twelve. . . .
     "_STOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP_!!!!!!!"
     Jimmy released the trigger on impulse.  Everyone froze.  The
music ceased.  Gross Sword's scream left a wake, a gulf of
deafening silence.
     And the mightiest force of chaos and evil in the multiverse
collapsed onto his knees and cried.
     "Mphg," he sobbed into his hands.  "Ahuc ahuc ahuc.  Wh-wh-
wh-what -- what've I done?!  WHAT HAVE I DONE?!"
     Ringman started to stride toward him, feeling urgent.
     "No no, Ringman," Jimmy warned him, "He's still dangerous!"
     "Nononononononononono!" Homer the brownie called out to the
ninth-level by-the-book paladin, shaking his head wildly with
each syllable.
     Ringman ignored their warnings and sauntered toward his son. 
He took his gauntlets off within the first ten yards; then his
helmet, then his greaves, then the Invulnerable Coat of Arnd. 
Armorless.  Completely defenseless.  He knelt down by his only
male child.
     Gross Sword looked up at him out of his hands, then buried
his reddened eyes right back into his hands again.  (Of course,
that didn't keep him from seeing anything, because he still had
on his robe of eyes.)  He shook his head and nearly flung off his
tears.  Then, slowly, he looked back into the eyes of his father
once more.
     He lowered his right hand.  Ringman grasped it.
     Gross Sword shook his head more slowly, with a furrowed
brow.  "Mom," he winced.  "Bahamut.  All of the people and non-
people.  They didn't deserve it.  They didn't do anything --
_anything_ -- to deserve what I did to them."  He inhaled sharply. 
"WHY DID I POLLUTE ALL THEIR LIVES?!  Why . . . why in Hell's
name didn't I listen to the last generation of Disgusting
Characters when they told me about Tiamat's seed of evil?!"
     'Tiamat's evil seed,' Peter Perfect thought.  'That was my
doing.  Hah, revenge never felt so good as that time.'  All the
other onlookers were thoroughly distracted.  It was not yet time
to leap into action, but it wouldn't hurt to get into a better
position.  He nudged his warhorse ever so subtly with an
invisible squeeze from his legs, and the mount trotted, slowly
and non-chalantly, toward Gross Sword and Ringman.
     Oblivious to Peter -- and still presuming him to be charmed
-- Ridiculous Sword and Disgusting Sword also made way toward
their brother.  He saw them coming and lowered his anti-magic
shield.  More barriers were the last things he needed right now.
     "This," Gross Sword went on, pouring out more than nine
years' worth of misery, "This was all wrong.  Damn it, I only
felt satisfied whenever I did something sadistic!  And every
victory was as hollow as the ones before it!  All those people I
hurt or killed, all with lives . . . and loves . . . of their
own."
     He looked into his father's eyes.  They were nearly as red
as his own.  "Oh, dad!" he sobbed, clutching him, "Why'd I do
that to you and mom?!"
     Ringman embraced him back.  He could barely breathe
straight, his feelings so choked him.  In all senses of the
words, he had finally met his son.
     Gross Sword broke the hug and looked into Ringman's eyes
again.  Ringman nodded, weeping with joy.  "Gross Sword, I think
I can be really proud of you now."
     Gross Sword shook his head, unable to accept it.  "Proud of
a mass murderer?  A tyrant?  Proud of Bahamut's and his mother's
-- your love's -- killer?  Proud of the being . . . who could
have set the whole multiverse back five thousand years?"
     And Ringman couldn't accept that, either.  "I was proud of
you," he admitted, "From the time I first heard you were born."
     They hugged each other again, and sat that way for a long,
long time.  Of all the spectators present, Prometheus was the
only one who was the slightest bit agitated.
     'Now?' the holy sword begged, telepathically.
     'No,' Peter Perfect returned, 'Not yet.'
     'Then when?!'
     'Soon, all right?!' Peter's thoughts barked.  'Geez, you're
more impatient than I am!'
     'But I wanna kill something!' the sword pouted.
     Peter was tempted to bury his eyes in his hand and shake his
head, but that would have given him away.  He stood firm as
always, arms still out stiff, and waited.  The moment would come.
     Gross Sword loosened his tearful embrace and looked down at
his own waist.  Four adamantite belt loops jutted out from his
Bluejeans of Free Action.  These loops housed the hafts and
blades of the four grossest chaotic-evil weapons in all the
multiverse.  The Gross Hand Axe, the Gross Longsword, the Gross
Dagger and, most powerful of all, the Gross Broadsword; four
weapons devoted solely to spreading limitless evil and chaos
through whoever chose to wield them.  Their overwhelming power
had been his idea, and his alone.  Nothing, he had figured, could
withstand the might of an anti-ranger and anti-paladin who used
those . . . those . . .
     "NO!" he blurted, startling everyone there because he still
had his mind blank spell up and they couldn't read his mind.  He
stood up.  "I don't care what powers those two classes give me! 
I don't . . . want . . . to be an anti-paladin or an anti-ranger
any more!"
     The heavens rebuked -- well, actually it was the Abysses
that rebuked, but you get the idea -- and Gross Sword, the only
son of Sick Sword and Ringman, gave up the powers of the anti-
paladin and the anti-ranger.
     Even Ridiculous Sword was impressed.  "Wow," she uttered,
finding it difficult to pick the right words.  "Now . . . now
you're only . . . a plain, average, run-of-the-mill psionic
druid/monk/assassin/thief/bard/illusionist/cleric/magic-user/
weapons master!"
     Gross Sword nodded solemnly, his eyes still wet.  "I know. 
A terrible loss -- but no price is too high now."
     "What a guy," Disgusting Sword whispered with utmost
sincerity into her sister's ear.
     "I _don't_ want to be some unholy force anymore!" Gross Sword
continued.  "I _don't_ want to be evil!  AND I _DON'T_ WANT THESE
DAMNED SENTIENT WEAPONS POLLUTING THE MULTIVERSE ANYMORE!!"
     He snapped the Gross Longsword and the Gross Dagger out of
their loop-scabbards and hurled them to the grassy ground, where
they impaled themselves point-first in the earth.  Without
another though, he followed up with the Gross Broadsword and the
Gross Hand Axe, thwunking the broadsword into the ground just as
he had the other two weapons but hurling the axe edge-first into
the soil beside them.  He flung the Gross Pair of Gloves off of
his hands and down next to the blades, then drew the Other Gross
Pair of Gloves from their holsters and cast them away.  That was
twice he'd hurled down the gauntlet in as many instants.  He
inhaled vehemently.  "I'm gonna have you six DESTROYED!"
     The six weapons erupted in light and shone directly on their
owner.  His robe of eyes was blinded, but he wasn't, of course. 
"YOU CANNOT DESTROY US," the Gross Weapons boomed together as
one.  "WE ARE ARTIFACTS.  YOU YOURSELF CREATED US AS MORE THAN
MERE SENTIENT MAGIC WEAPONS.  WE CANNOT _BE_ DESTROYED!"
     Ridiculous Sword chuckled for a few seconds, then broke into
roaring laughter.  "HA HA HA HA HA!!" she addressed the Gross
Artifacts.  "You don't think so, do you?!"  She reached into her
last portable hole, and rummaged for a tiny object.  She'd been
awaiting this day ever since her brother created those weapons in
the first place.  At last, she pulled out the one thing she'd had
prepared specifically for this event.
     It looked like one of those snap-lidded velvet cases that
diamond rings come in.  Disgusting Sword clasped her chest and
beheld the box in splendid wonder.  Ringman and Jimmy scratched
their heads and beheld the box in utter confusion.  Homer the
brownie didn't know _what_ in Sick Sword's name was going on, but
he was enjoying this whole show more and more.  The front of the
box was engraved, in block lettering, with simply, "The Ant Box."
     Ridiculous Sword flipped the box open.  "All right, you
Gross toasties!" she exclaimed.  "It's time for you to meet . . .
THE HUMBLE ANT!"
     "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!" the Gross weapons screamed.
     The centimeter-long black ant in the box lethargically
lifted its eyes up to Ridiculous Sword, and said, in that
language spoken only by ant-kind, "I think you ought to know I'm
feeling very depressed."
     She picked the ant up on her right index finger.  "Never
mind that," she replied in Antspeak, "I have a task for you!"
     "I won't enjoy it," the ant informed her.
     "I'm not _asking_ you to enjoy it," Ridiculous Sword told it. 
"I just want you to step on those chaotic-evil artifact weapons."
     "<GASP>!" the Gross weapons gasped.
     "You want me to go step on some artifacts," the ant groaned. 
"Here I am, brain the size of a pinhead and you want me to go
step on some artifacts.  Probably be the biggest load on my
intellectual capacities today."
     "For a humble ant," Jimmy sidetalked to Homer the Brownie,
"He sure has one pompous ego."
     Ridiculous Sword lowered the ant toward the weapons. 
Disdaining his task, the ant grudgingly crawled down from her
left index finger and trudged toward its quarry.  It reached the
Other Gross Pair of Gloves first.
     "ARRRRRRRRRGH!" the gloves screamed.  "NOOOOO!  DON'T SEND
ME BACK TO THE VOID!!"
     The ant stepped.  There was a <CRACK> where its foot came
down, and in a flash of blue-white light the gloves crumbled to
dust.
     The ant looked down at his work and moaned, "I'm not getting
you down at all am I?"
     And since the Gross Pair of Gloves was nearest to where the
Other Gross Pair of Gloves had been, that was the humble ant's
next target.  He walked toward it in that way that only humble
ants can.
     "NONONONONONO!" the Gross Pair of Gloves Wailed.  "Wh-What
have I ever done to you?!"
     "I have this terrible pain down all the formic acid ducts on
my left-hand side," he said with disdain, and destroyed the
second of the Gross Weapons.
     'How does that ant manage to destroy BOTH gloves at once by
stepping on ONE of them?' Disgusting Sword wondered.
     Gross Sword smiled and nodded in revelation-like gratitude
as the ant approached the Gross Hand Axe.  The axe wasn't quite
as receptive: "Uh . . . er . . . ah, that is . . . uh . . ."
     "Call this job satisfaction?" the ant asked rhetorically,
and stepped on the axe head.  The head broke in half and released
its essence back into the etheric ocean.  "'Cause I don't."
     It approached the Gross Longsword.  The weapon shivered with
fright.  "It wasn't enjoyable at all, what with being locked up
in that box all the time," the ant told it.  "The first ten
million years were the worst.  And the second million years, they
were the worst too.  The third ten million years I didn't enjoy
at all.  After that I went into a bit of a decline."
     "B-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-ut now you're OUT of the box!" the
sword argued.  "You can get away from all this and live your own
life!"
     "_LIFE_!!!" the ant bellowed.  No one present had any idea
that an ant's voice could get that loud.  He crunched down
solidly on the blade, and broke it forever in twain.  "Don't talk
to me about life."
     Two Gross weapons remained.  The Gross Broadsword and the
Gross Dagger were all that remained of Gross Sword's old evil. 
The ant approached the dagger, and the blade bargained for its
life: "Hey, ant!  Maybe we can make a deal!  Just claim me for
your own and I can give you . . . well, power beyond your wildest
imaginings!"
     "Sounds awful," the ant replied, and snapped the life out of
this blade to boot.
     'Whoo,' Peter Perfect thought.  'Some ant.  Glad Prometheus
isn't an artifact weapon.'
     And now, it came down to the Gross Broadsword.  Gross
Sword's number one weapon throughout his entire Disgusting
career.  The ant treaded his way toward its quarry as before, but
the Gross Sword didn't flinch.  It didn't cry out on fear, it
didn't beg for its life -- _it just sat there_.
     In an act of greatest contempt, the ant said nothing either
and just stepped on the blade.
     And nothing happened.
     It stepped again.  Again, nothing.  It stepped harder. 
Still nothing.  The ant looked solemnly up at Ridiculous Sword
and complained, "Hmmmph.  You seem to have miscalculated."
     "Ha HAAAAAH!!" the broadsword cheered.  "I knew it!  I _knew_
it!  I was Gross Sword's favorite, you see!  I was _much_ too
valuable to have the foot of a humble ant be the means of _my_
destruction!"
     Ridiculous Sword smirked.  "You're right.  Being stepped on
by an ant isn't the way _you_ were designed to be destroyed. 
_You_, Gross Broadsword, can only be destroyed --" She cast a gate
spell.  "-- by _HIM_!!"
     Through the purple glow of the gate stepped the most
monstrous humanoid being any of them had ever seen.  It towered
48 feet in the air and had skin of solid iron.  The very air
shook in his vicinity.  The being of iron stared down balefully
at the bunch gathered before him and bellowed, "WHO SUMMONS ME?!"
     Ridiculous Sword stepped forward and non-chalantly pointed
at the Gross Sword that was still on the ground.  "Step on that
artifact," she instructed him.
     The being's eyes grew wide with anger.  "YOU, A CHILD?!  You
_DARE_ SUMMON TALOS FOR SUCH A MIDDLING . . . er, such a middling,
uh . . . er . . ."  He recognized her.  "Er . . . uh . . . duh,
um . . . ooh . . . eeh . . . ah, ah, _OH, PLEASE DON'T KILL ME,
RIDICULOUS SWORD_!!  I have a wife and seventy-two hundred
children!  I'm only three thousand years old, I'M TOO YOUNG TO
DIiIiIiIiIE!!!"
     Ridiculous Sword shrugged her shoulders.  "Then step on that
artifact."
     Talos nodded meekly.  The Gross Broadsword knew what was
coming next, and it wasn't going to take it lying down.  Using
its telekinetic ability, along with its flight power and some of
its unused minutes of being a dancing weapon, the broadsword
leapt up and out of stomping range of the Triple Iron Golem.  "OH
no ya don't!" the sword barked.  "You're not getting rid of _me_
this easily!"
     Without a word, Ridiculous Sword rushed up to the Gross
Broadsword and plucked it from the air.  The sword vibrated in
her hand as it tried to escape.  "Let . . . go . . . of . . .
me."  The sword was trying to dominate her ego.  A futile
attempt, but it tried anyway.  She forced it down onto the
ground.  "Step, Talos," she said with infinite calm.
     The iron giant put its foot down on the sword.  That is, it
_tried_ to put its foot down on the sword, but the sword jerked
itself out of the way it the last instant.  Even in Ridiculous
Sword's Atlas-strength grasp it wasn't totally immobile.  Talos
stepped again, but again the sword evaded the giant iron foot.
     Everyone's attention was on Talos and the Gross Broadsword. 
The time was perfect.  Peter Perfect vaulted off his warhorse's
adamantite saddle, tumbled across the ground to an upright
position, and in all the confusion made it to Gross Sword's side
before even his robe-of-eyes-assisted vision could warn him.  He
had his hand around the artifact bracelet on his left wrist and
had yanked it off before Gross Sword even reacted.
     "Now, Prometheus!" he shouted.  Ringman looked down at his
hilt just as Prometheus pulled itself free.  The sword landed
grip-first in Peter Perfect's right hand.  "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"
Peter guffawed.  "Now _I_ have the power!!"  And with that, he
engaged the helm of teleportation which Disgusting Sword and
Ridiculous Sword had seen no harm in leaving on his head, glowed
purple for a moment, and vanished.
     The Gross Broadsword was so stunned, in fact, it didn't even
see Talos's foot coming down, and it died in a fit of breakage.
     "M-may I go now?" the Triple Iron Golem asked.
     "Yeah, sure, sure," Ridiculous Sword waved him away, not
even bothering to look straight at him.  Talos went back through
the gate and both disappeared.
     "Peter Perfect wasn't even charmed!" Disgusting Sword said
with disgust.  "He fooled us!"
     "Yeah . . ." Gross Sword noticed.  "And how the HELL did he
manage to do what he just did in a Teleport-Free Zone?"
     "Hell," Ridiculous Sword cast a thumb over her shoulder,
"That gate I made shouldn't even have worked.  Teleportation of
ANY kind is supposed to be prohibited in this region."  She cast
her eyes skyward.  "_But I guess the DUNGEON MASTER forgot about
that little detail_!!!"
     The skies rumbled once more, and a searing blue bolt of pure
damage hurled down from the heavens and struck Ridiculous Sword
squarely.  None of her magic items of protection could defend her
from that murderous bolt, as it was thrown directly from the
Dungeon Master's hand.  Ridiculous Sword's body lay there in a
fried heap.
     "Ridiculous Sword!" Ringman screamed, and knelt down beside
her.  "OH, MY DEITY!"
     And then, ten seconds after her death occurred, Ridiculous
Sword stirred and shook herself back to consciousness.  "Mmmm, hi
dad," she said.
     Ringman scratched his head in utter confusion.  "But . . .
but how did --"
     "Easy," his younger daughter told him, propping herself up
on her elbows, "I was dead, right?  Sent to Heaven, right?  Well,
all I had to do was cast a raise dead spell on myself and POOF,
here I am!"
     "This is one Hell of a crazy multiverse," Ringman mumbled. 
"Hey," he noted, "I thought raise dead was a minute spell."
     "It is," Ridiculous Sword came back, regaining more and more
of her composure with each second.  "Tempus fugit's still up. 
And we can still catch Peter Perfect."
     "But how?" Jimmy asked, joining them.  "Where did he go?"
     "Yeah," Gross Sword commented.  "I tried to pick him up on
clairvoyance just now, but all I got was snow.  He's still
mindblanked."
     "All right, then," Ridiculous Sword figured.  "If you were a
megalomaniacal paladin, what would you most want to do?"
     "Take over the world," Jimmy said.
     Ridiculous Sword winked at him.  "Right.  And if you
couldn't take over the world, then what?"    
     Ringman rubbed his chin, then said, "You'd want to destroy
it."
     "Uh huh.  And that's most likely what he's set out to do."
     "Destroy the world?" Disgusting Sword puzzled.  "Before _we_
can find out about it?"
     "Right."
     Disgusting Sword had a revelation.  "Ohhhhhhhh."
     "All right," Ridiculous Sword drew a breath, "Hang on to my
coat tails, Jimmy.  You, Homer, ride with Disgusting Sword, and
Gross Sword, you take dad, okay?"
     Ringman did _not_ catch this at all.  "Wait, wait a minute. 
Where are we going?"
     By the time he said "we," Gross Sword already had him on his
back and Homer and Jimmy had already mounted up.  Ridiculous
Sword leapt into the air and told him, "To the basement of the
world!"
     The clearing whooshed by beneath them.  Soon, they were
passing over forests and towns, and then lakes and finally a wide
ocean.  Ringman was still confused.  "And where is this 'basement
of the world'?"
     "Where else?" Ridiculous Sword chuckled.  "On the bottom
side of Central Earth.
     Ringman mouthed the words "bottom side," then asked, "You
mean it's _flat_?"
     "Sure!  What did you think it was anyway, round?  Hah, we'd
all fall off then!"
     "Well, that makes sense," Homer the brownie concurred.
     The ocean passed serenely beneath them.  Soon, the blue of
the sky faded to a black, velvet backdrop against which the stars
shone more brightly than they ever did at night.  They were
reaching The Edge.  Ringman pointed helplessly as the boundary of
Central Earth -- circular, but so vast that up close it looked
straight -- rushed by beneath them, and they were in free space.
     "Whoa," Ringman moaned, feeling uneasily giddy.  "Whoa, this
feels weird!"
     "We're weightless now," Disgusting Sword informed him. 
"That's what happens whenever you leave the plate."
     Ringman nodded.  "I'll remember that next time I happen to
come here."
     Ridiculous Sword dipped down -- not that down had any real
meaning anymore -- and swung past The Edge.  Ringman looked
forward and saw the stars in their sphere of perfectly hard ether
swoop past; over his shoulder, the dirt and rock of The Edge
obscured more and more of the blue-capped top of that beautiful
world.  And at last, The Bottom reached his view.
     The Bottom was nothing like the blue-lit majesty of The Top. 
It was in deep night now, and would be until the sun set and
passed its light from the world above to the world below.  Yet
even by the dim light of the stars alone, Ringman could make out
the contours.  It was rough and craggy, dripping with stalactites
of rock and dirt.  There was no living sound, not even the breath
of life; only a hollow echo of their swift passage through this
Other World.  The hanging peaks passed above him, and he realized
that they were, indeed, _above_ him.  Back under the plate,
gravity had returned.
     Homer, of course, merely hung on for dear life through all
of this.
     Their course hugged the mountainbottoms and aimed straight
for the other side of the world.  In this space without blue air,
the other side could clearly be seen, even though its true size
was impossible to grasp.  But it was not the opposite side of the
plate that was their goal; it was the center.  Ringman peered
with as keen an un-disgusting eye as he could manage, and saw it. 
He was the first non-disgusting character in the history of
Central Earth to see it.  A tiny, tiny thread stretched down from
the center of the world and lost itself in the unfathomable
depths below.  The North Pole of Central Earth.  That was the
axis along which the plate rested, the reference point that
indicated which direction "down" was.
     "That thread," Ridiculous Sword told him, "Is called the
Thread of Gravity.  It's what generates our weight on Central
Earth.  Without that, everything would float off into free
space."
     Jimmy scratched his head.  He had only been disgusting for a
few weeks, and hadn't learned everything yet.  "So then . . .
that means that the plate itself should weigh something also."
     Ridiculous Sword nodded.  "That's right.  It does."
     "So then," Ringman interjected, "What's holding it up?"
     "Atlas," the Sick Kids said in chorus.
     Finally, it all started to dawn to Ringman.  Atlas had the
job of holding up Central Earth.  If Peter Perfect wanted to
destroy the whole world, his best bet would be to get rid of the
pillar that was holding it up.  That would be Atlas.  That was
why he took the Other Bracer of Irresistible Damage from Gross
Sword to begin with.
     The Center of Central Earth came closer and closer into
view.  Ringman could make out a tiny silhouette on the end of the
thread pushed right up against the plate.  It was a humanoid
silhouette -- no, _two_ humanoid silhouettes.  At last, Ridiculous
Sword cast a continual light spell on the nearest stalactite and
illuminated the situation in both senses of the words.
     Atlas, who was no larger than your average Greek athlete,
was still holding up Central Earth -- but just barely.  Terrible
wounds more than justified the exhaustion in his eyes and face. 
His feet could barely keep their grip on the thread.  Next to the
teetering titan stood a grinning Peter Perfect, waving Prometheus
to exalt the blood that now stained it.  He had wanted them to
catch up with him, to see his moment of triumph.  Ridiculous
Sword levitated herself up to the bottom of Central Earth and
used the inverted surface to run toward him at her full running
