      "I said, where's your eggs?" the old woman demanded 
  harshly in a cracked, annoyed, shrill voice that rasped on 
  her nerves like fingernails on a blackboard.
      Elmer took charge, seeing the glazed look in Saundra's 
  eyes. "Third door from the other end of the cooler, ma'am," 
  he said, pointing. As the old lady hobbled away, muttering, 
  he put a gentle and comforting hand on Saundra's shoulder. 
  "You okay, girl?"
      Her eyes flicked from his dark, seamed face to the 
  clear blue sky, which was empty but for the bank of dark 
  clouds which were nearly invisible beyond the buildings. 
  "It's gone. Did you see it, Elmer?"
      He struggled with himself for a moment, then made a 
  decision. "We'll talk 'bout it later. For now you do your 
  work."
      "But..!"
      "Listen to me, Saundra. Yeah, I seen it, but now's not 
  the time to talk 'bout it. I doan' think too many people saw 
  it, and those that did are in serious danger." She followed 
  the line of his eyes and saw the two old women approaching 
  the counter. "Go 'head, take care of them."
      Mechanically Saundra waited on the two women, who 
  complained long and bitterly about the high prices in the 
  24-hour convenience store, which she'd heard so many times 
  before that it was barely noticed. But when she made an 
  error on the register and had to void it out, that snapped 
  her out of her daze. She rarely messed up, and her good 
  record was a source of pride for her. 
      After the old women left she started to follow Elmer in 
  the back room, urgently wanting to talk to him, but 
  customers came in with annoying regularity as rush hour 
  continued. It wasn't until the next shift worker came in at 
  ten that she realized what time it was. 
      Elmer walked up to her after she'd checked out and was 
  getting her purse and jacket from the back room. "How you 
  gettin' home?"
      "Guess I'll have to call a cab. That's how I get here 
  at night." She didn't dare walk after dark around here, 
  though it was safe enough during the day.
      "Lissen, you know that donut shop down the street? By 
  Conner Avenue?"
      "Yeah?" she looked at him curiously.
      "You go on down there an' wait for me. I'll run you 
  home after we talks. We got to talk, child."
      Saundra nodded slowly as she pulled her jacket on. 
  "Okay. Elmer, what was that-"
      He cut her off. "Not now. See you at midnight."
      She left the store and walked to the donut shop two 
  blocks away, every sense alert as she passed darkened 
  doorways, looking around with paranoid energy, ready to run 
  at the slightest threat. Inside the shop, she ignored 
  curious stares as she mulled over several cups of coffee and 
  a Danish, coldly and angrily rebuffing the advances of a man 
  who thought she was a hooker after she's been sitting in the 
  place for an hour.
      She was relieved when Elmer's familiar tan car pulled 
  up outside the window she sat beside and quickly got up, her 
  bill paid, and went outside and got in. "You hungry?" Elmer 
  asked as he pulled back out into traffic.
      "Not really. Had coffee and a danish while I was 
  waiting."
      "Well, I am. I already called m'wife and let her know I 
  was gonna be late, so we goin' to a restaurant and you get 
  what you wants, you hear me? You too thin, girl."
      "Okay," she said with resignation, knowing that to 
  argue with Elmer when he'd made up his mind was about as 
  productive as arguing with a brick wall. She waited until 
  they were in a secluded corner booth in a 24-hour restaurant 
  and a waiter had taken their order before looking 
  expectantly at him and saying firmly, "Now will you tell me 
  what's going on?"
      He nodded and looked back at her speculatively. "Yeah, 
  you needs to know. Saundra, you gots one powerful talent an' 
  you don't even know it, do you?"
      She frowned across the table at him. "I don't have any 
  talents, not really. I can sing and carry a tune, and I've 
  tried learning to play the piano-"
      "Not like that," he interrupted her. "In here." He 
  tapped the side of his head. "You got the Light."
      A realization dawned on her and Saundra shook her head. 
  "Wait. I don't-"
      "Yes you do know!" Elmer hissed, fixing her with his 
  intense black eyes. "You get funny feelin's, what you call 
  warnings, but that ain't what it is. You just don't know how 
  to use it yet."
      Saundra stared at him in amazement. She's never told 
  anyone, not even her parents or aunt, about her sixth sense. 
  "How did you know? And what's that got to do with whatever 
  it was we saw in the sky tonight?"
      "I gots it too, that's how I know, only I knows how to 
  use it. My grammy, she see it and train me how to use it. 
  Mebbe nobody in your family knew you had it, though it 
  usually runs in families..."
      Saundra gazed at him, seeing the inner strength and 
  power in his dark face for the first time. "My parents 
  couldn't have known. I never said anything. And after they 
  were married neither of their families wanted anything to do 
  with them. The only other relative I knew was my Aunt Patty, 
  my father's sister, and she didn't like me and we didn't 
  talk much."
      Elmer recognized her pain, felt it coming off her in 
  resentful waves, and wished he could get her to talk more 
  about herself to relieve some of it. But he knew she was a 
  private person, not someone who spilled her guts, and they 
  did have something more important to talk about. Instead he 
  said, "That light in the sky we saw today, not everybody 
  could see that, you know. An' I doan' know how it ties in 
  with our powers, but I think only us that's got the Light 
  could see it."
      When their food came she picked at little at the 
  hamburger Elmer had insisted she order, but she had no 
  appetite. "How do you know that?"
      "I jus' know. The way you sometimes know when something 
  bad's gonna happen." He pushed his mashed potatoes around 
  with a water-spotted fork, apparently not very hungry 
  either. "I senses it. That was a... a warning, I think. Or a 
  call. I'm not sure but it ain't no good for us, I know that 
  much."
      "Us? You mean... psychics? That's what I am, isn't it?" 
  Saundra winced as she said it. This was the stuff of books 
  and movies, not reality.
      "You could call it that. Me, I c'n sorta read minds, 
  but I more sense feelins. I think you could do more'n me 
  iff'n you was trained--you gots it strong, stronger than 
  anybody I ever met 'fore--but that means you in the greatest 
  danger, too."
      
      As tired as she was Saundra couldn't sleep after Elmer 
  dropped her off near one o'clock. Finally she got out of the 
  couch-bed, turned the radio on low to her favorite jazz 
  station, and sat by the window and looked out the front 
  window. Her view from the third floor was of the tops of 
  many houses, trees, and some factories as far as she could 
  see. In the dark it was a panorama of many tiny twinkling 
  lights in the inky surroundings, but she found no beauty in 
  it.
      She thought about her life so far a lot, cried a little 
  remembering both good and bad, and finally returned to bed 
  when she began to yawn. If nothing else, she was certain, 
  Elmer was right about two things: she had a talent and 
  something was definitely going to happen that involved it. 
  Just what, she also had no idea. 
      She slept until nearly noon and slowly rose from the 
  depths of sleep groggy, confused, and disoriented. Hazy 
  remnants of dreams clung and she twisted and turned, trying 
  to go back to sleep, but finally she gave up and swung her 
  feet over the side of the lumpy mattress. As she padded 
  toward the bathroom, her toes curling away from the cold 
  bare floors, she recalled some of the odd dreams she'd had. 
  They seemed to have something to do with that flame in the 
  sky they'd seen... she'd been following it... drawn to it 
  helplessly like a moth...
      Saundra spent the day cleaning her three small rooms, 
  went to the Laundromat then, as she was gathering up her 
  purse and jacket to go grocery shopping, was startled by a 
  knock at her only door, which faced the back of the house. 
  Surprised since no one had ever come by since she'd lived 
  there, she paused in the middle of the kitchen, wondering 
  and suspicious. 
      Then it hit her. Only one person knew where she lived, 
  and that was Elmer, since he'd dropped her off last night. 
  She hurried over and unlocked the door, pulling it open even 
  as a pulse of warning shot through her like an electric 
  shock.
      She stopped dead.
      Outside, on the tiny landing beyond the storm door, 
  stood two white men, their khaki uniforms reminding her of 
  those worn by the military, but there were no name tags or 
  patches on them. As she gaped in total surprise, feeling the 
  warning coursing through her, the one with crewcut black 
  hair spoke. "Are you Saundra Langford?"
      "Yeah-yes," she stammered, making no move to unlock the 
  storm door though she could barley hear them through it. 
  "What do-"
      "I'm Lieutenant Cassidy of the U.S.A.F. Special Forces 
  unit. This is Colonel Rossman. May we come in and speak to 
  you?"
      Saundra eyed them warily. Not only her sixth sense but 
  her street sense as well told her not to let them in. "Tell 
  me what you want."
      "May we come in?" Colonel Rossman spoke politely, but 
  she saw an odd, almost wary look in his light gray eyes. 
      "No, not yet. Can I see your credentials?" she asked 
  warily, wondering if they were impostors. A girl living 
  alone learned to be exceptionally wary, even with her sixth 
  sense to warn and, at times, guide her. "What do you want?" 
  she repeated, feeling more uneasy by the moment.
      Neither moved toward a wallet or pocket. "Miz Langford, 
  we understand that you may have seen something you don't 
  understand, a UFO possibly, yesterday..." Colonel Rossman 
  let his voice trail off meaningfully, watching her closely.
      She started. "How in..?"
      "I can't disclose my sources, miss. Can you give us a 
  statement as to exactly what you saw?" He stared at her 
  through the storm window, gray eyes as cold as ice on the 
  river in January. 
      "No, I will not," Saundra replied firmly, getting angry 
  on top of being scared. She had noted that they carried no 
  weapons, apparently along with no ID. "Not until you tell 
  me, first of all, how you found out, second, why you want to 
  know, and third, who in the hell you really are! Air Force 
  my ass, you ain't got no badges or ID!" Out of habit Saundra 
  slipped into the street vernacular she'd picked up as a 
  defense mechanism and often used when talking to people that 
  irritated her.
      The two men glanced at each other, then stared at her 
  expressionlessly. "Miz Langford, this is serious. It's a 
  government matter. We aren't allowed to discolse any 
  information, only gather it. We only want a few minutes of 
  your time." The lieutenant tried to smile, but it never went 
  past his lips.
      "You've already taken more than a few," she retorted. 
  "If you ain't gonna answer my questions first, I ain't 
  having nothing to do with you. Go away or I'll call the 
  police."
      She slammed the door in their faces and leaned back 
  against it, shaking and breathing heavily. They knocked a 
  while longer, then she heard the clump of their boots 
  descending the long flights of stairs, fading away. After a 
  few moments she peeked out the door then carefully crept 
  halfway down the first flight to a small, cloudy side window 
  that faced the driveway far below. Just starting up, a plume 
  of smoke curling out from behind it, was a plain, dark blue 
  four-door Ford sedan, and as it backed out into the street 
  and pulled away she saw that there was something unusual 
  about the back plate, but it was too far away for her to 
  make out what it was.
      Maybe they hadn't lied, she mused as she went back up 
  the steep stairway. They might have been Air Force, but she 
  was still mystified as to how they'd found out about what 
  she'd seen... and why it was so important that she tell 
  them.
      Forgetting about shopping, Saundra locked both doors 
  and headed through the small kitchen toward the living room. 
  Suddenly she paused just before the archway as a thought hit 
  her: call Elmer. That had to be where they found out from, 
  because she hadn't told anyone else! She dialed the store 
  and asked Mark for Elmer's phone number from the employee 
  list, and was shocked when he told her that Elmer's written 
  notice of quitting had been delivered by some guy none of 
  them recognized. She wrote down the number anyway but after 
  dialing it, was told by an impersonal electronic voice that 
  it was no longer in service.
      Thoughtfully she went to the living room window and 
  perched on the couch arm after flicking on the radio. Low, 
  mellow old jazz played in the background as she gazed out 
  over the familiar landscape of metal, shingles, and the tops 
  of a few autumn-hued trees. Her mind worked over the tangle 
  of sudden new problems, trying to figure out what all of it 
  meant, but nothing made sense anymore.
      Finally she stood and, feeling slight hunger pangs, 
  glanced at the clock and was surprised to see that it was 
  near six o'clock. She went in the kitchen and glanced in the 
  refrigerator, then frowned. Nothing to eat, no meat thawed 
  for dinner. However, she still had five dollars left out of 
  the money she'd found at the store the other day and decided 
  to walk down to the diner--a truck stop, really--they had a 
  great cheeseburger plate for $2.75.
      As she stepped out into the crisp, amber-tinted autumn 
  air she noted that the sun was nearing the horizon and 
  decided to get take-out rather than eat there. It wasn't 
  that bad of a neighborhood, for the inner city, but Saundra 
  knew well the dangers of a young woman out alone after dark.
      At the tiny corner restaurant, sitting on a stool at 
  the counter and talking to the waitress, whom she vaguely 
  knew, Saundra felt the warning gradually creep over her. She 
  glanced around, seeing only three other people in the place: 
  a derelict slumped over a cup of coffee at the other end of 
  the counter and a dark-haired, olive-skinned couple who 
  spoke in a rapid, guttural language sitting at one of the 
  booths near the windows. Then she caught sight of the rear 
  end of a dark car as it pulled away from in front of the 
  restaurant and shuddered. Had that been..?
      When she stepped out into the gathering dusk a short 
  time later she scanned the street for the car but didn't see 
  it. It was noteworthy in this neighborhood just because it 
  didn't have any rust. Carrying the grease-spotted bag with 
  her dinner, Saundra walked quickly down the block, keeping 
  her senses alert to possible danger. Something told her that 
  the Air Force men, if that was what they were, hadn't given 
  up as easily as it seemed. She was relieved when the 
  streetlights winked on, but no less wary as she approached 
  her building, a huge, slightly decrepit old boardinghouse. 
  Two equally large buildings sat close on either side and 
  suddenly Saundra dreaded having to walk up the narrow 
  driveway. But her private entrance (her rooms had once been 
  the manager's until the old man became too feeble to climb 
  all the stairs and before that, the maids' residence) was in 
  the rear. There was another doorway leading to her stairwell 
  off the main floor, but it was locked from inside Saundra's 
  side.
      She relaxed a bit as she walked up the empty, familiar 
  driveway. Then, as she rounded the corner to the back of the 
  building, a flash of pale warned her in time to leap back 
  and dodge her attacker. As he stumbled past her, 
  off-balance, Saundra yanked her keychain out of her front 
  jeans pocket and found the small canister unerringly, having 
  practiced. Even as she aimed and pressed the tiny trigger, 
  she recognized the tan uniform and dark hair.
      Lieutenant Cassidy stumbled back, screaming in sudden, 
  unexpected agony, clawing at his eyes where the mace had 
  penetrated.
      Suddenly, without thinking about it, Saundra ducked and 
  whirled, spraying from the tiny but dangerous can of mace 
  just as she felt the whoosh of a solid object just miss the 
  back of her head. It was then that she screamed for the 
  first time, the colonel's hoarse cry as the mace penetrated 
  his eyes, too, lost in her piercing, pealing screams for 
  help. Then, as people began to appear in the yards around 
  the building, doors slamming and voices calling out, she 
  whirled and, with shaking hands, fumbled the key into the 
  downstairs door. After what seemed like an eternity but was 
  really no more than a few seconds, she stumbled inside and 
  slammed the door, shot the deadbolt that was near the bottom 
  of the door, and raced breathlessly up the steep, narrow 
  staircase. 
      She paused near the window and glanced out, frightened 
  to see that both men weren't in sight but their car was 
  parked out in the alley, not visible from the driveway by a 
  ramshackle garage that sat behind the building. 
      In her apartment, she quickly shut the inner steel door 
  that she'd insisted on and thanked God that she lived on the 
  third floor- her windows were inaccessible to all but birds 
  and maybe a comic book hero or two. Just as she shot all 
  three bolts home, she heard the sound of pounding and wood 
  splintering below, then the approaching wail of police 
  sirens and the hammering quit. She dropped the bag with her 
  hamburger and fries, which she'd never let go of, onto the 
  tiny kitchen table then raced into the living room. From 
  beneath the mattress of the hideaway bed she pulled a gleaming 
  .38 Special, checked the bullets in the chamber, than ran 
  back to the front door. Shaking, she clutched the big gun in 
  a deathgrip, double-handed as she'd seen on TV since no one 
  had ever taught her to use the gun, and pointed it at the 
  door. If they somehow got through the thick steel panel, 
  they had a big surprise coming, she thought grimly. 
      The sound of heavy footsteps ascending the stairs made 
  her tense, startled, and nearly pull the trigger, but its 
  strong resistance gave her time to relax her finger before 
  the gun discharged. Then she nearly broke down as a man's 
  voice called, faint through the thick door, "It's the 
  police, miss. Are you all right?"
      Nearly sobbing in sudden relief Saundra lowered the gun 
  and reached for the deadbolt. Then the warning flashed and 
  her hand drew back as if the metal had shocked her. Never 
  had it been so sudden and powerful and she knew she was in 
  terrible, life-threatening danger. She stared at the blank 
  gray steel door in terrible, complete confusion.
      "Miss Langford? Are you in there?"
      How did they know her name? 
      Fighting to keep her voice calm, she called, "I'm fine, 
  officer, you can go now."
      "We'd like to talk to you about what just happened 
  outside."
      She recognized the voice with a jolt. "It won't work, 
  Colonel. Leave me alone!"
      Silence.
      Saundra waited wordlessly, breathlessly waiting to see 
  what they'd do. Then, lower, just barely audible, the 
  colonel said, "We'll get you, you know. If you'll come with 
  us peacefully we won't hurt you- we do need you alive and 
  cooperative. But our orders are to bring you in, willing or 
  not."
      "My ass you will!" Saundra screamed, terrified, as her 
  control broke. "This is America, you can't do things like 
  this!"
      "The President can in times of war, and though you 
  don't know it, war's coming. We'll get you, Langford. Just 
  like your friend Postin. Make it easy on yourself."
      They'd gotten Elmer, she realized. As she listened to 
  his boots descend the stairs, Saundra suddenly and 
  completely remembered the odd dream she'd had the previous 
  night. She had listened to the light speak, and it had told 
  her that the flame in the sky was a Call; a Call to all 
  psychics to heed the cry of war, a silent cry but deadlier 
  than any all the same. It was a war for all human minds.
      Saundra let out a low, helpless cry as she crumpled to 
  the floor, dropping the gun on the warped, faded tiles. Oh, 
  God, why me? Before she's seen the flame yesterday--was it 
  really only about 24 hours ago?--she had lived a normal, if 
  desperate and boring, life. Now she was being chased, her 
  life in danger--hell, her very soul in danger!--by the 
  government, yet, it would seem. On the President of the 
  United State's orders.
      She flung her hair back and pushed clinging strands of 
  her long, thick hair away from her wet face with a shaking 
  hand. Having hysterics and whining wasn't going to help any. 
  She picked up the .38, relieved to see that she'd never 
  cocked it or she might've blown off her foot when she'd 
  dropped it. She had found the gun in her aunt's closet just 
  before she'd left, and though she wasn't really sure how to 
  use it, Saundra thought she'd learned enough just from 
  watching cop shows on TV to be able to.
      Finally she got up and laid the gun on the rickety 
  little table beside the grease-spotted bag. She was 
  surprised to find that she was still hungry. She set out the 
  cheeseburger, onion rings, and coleslaw, got a bottle of 
  Sprite from the refrigerator, and ate. 
      There was only one thing she could do, Saundra realized 
  as she wolfed down the cold food, and that was run. Tonight. 
  Despite its squalor she liked her thre tiny rooms and would 
  miss her job, but there was no other choice. 
      Wiping her greasy fingers on a piece of paper towel 
  Saundra got her purse from the bedroom and returned to the 
  kitchen table. Her checkbook announced a total balance of 
  $38.43--she only kept enough in there to pay the bills--and 
  after a cursory glance, laid the slender blue book aside and 
  picked up the slightly thicker, leather-bound savings book.
      Her frugality might now save her life, she mused as she 
  opened the cover and flipped past several pages of deposit 
  entries. Two years' worth of steady deposits, from ten to a 
  hundred dollars each, greeted her eyes. After paying bills 
  and buying only necessities, Saundra had put almost all of 
  her paychecks in the bank. Rarely did she spend what she 
  didn't have to, and if she needed clothes, she usually 
  shopped at a nearby Salvation Army resale shop. Her balance 
  in savings was just over $2,500. She had been saving to buy 
  a nice car and get the hell out of the city, but the big 
  flaw now was that she'd never gotten a driver's license and 
  there was no time for that now.
      Slowly a plan began to form in her mind. Leaving both 
  bankbooks sitting out, she went back into the bedroom to the 
  closet and pulled down a large manila folder from the top 
  shelf. For a moment she clutched it to her chest, 
  remembering, then wiping away a lone tear, took it to the 
  kitchen table and began to pull papers from it. 
      Here were all her memories of her parents and past 
  life... their marriage license, her birth certificate and 
  the one paper that might allow her to escape: the birth 
  certificate of her fraternal twin sister who had died at 
  three weeks old of SIDS. Amelia Margaret Langford. 
      The last name was still the same and possibly the 
  government knew that she'd had a sister or could find out 
  via old birth and death records, but it was the only chance 
  Saundra had, however slim, and she knew it.
      To carry out the rest of her escape plan, however, she 
  needed to get to the bank and then a department store. But 
  how? She knew they must have her under constant 
  surveillance.
      Unless... two hookers lived downstairs, one of them 
  nearly as lightskinned as Saundra herself, though she had 
  short, jet-black, jeri-curled hair. Could she pass as 
  Shamita? Cut her hair or wrap it up under a scarf, then 
  dress like a whore going out for the night?
      Saundra stared into space, her mind whirling. Did she 
  have the guts, the brassiness, to walk these dangerous city 
  streets after dark masquerading as a brash, experienced 
  hooker?
      Then she remembered acting in high school. Despite the 
  other kids' derision she'd tried out and made it into every 
  school play, though often not for the lead role she tried 
  out for. Her drama teacher had admitted that she had real 
  talent and a natural flair for acting, but Saundra had been 
  passed over for prettier white girls so often that the 
  inclination was killed by the end of her senior year. 
  However, if she just pretended that being a hooker was a 
  role in a play... maybe...
      She had to try. Her very life depended on it. 
      At four-thirty the next afternoon a young black hooker 
  left through the front door of the boardinghouse on Rufus 
  Street, sauntered the four blocks to Shopper's World, then 
  moseyed back with two huge shopping bags. Men stared, made 
  open remarks, and even approached her, but she just laughed 
  throatily and told them to watch for her after dark.
      In the dimly-lit lower hallway of the boardinghouse 
  Saundra raced down the corridor and forced open the old, 
  warped wooden door that led to her stairway, locking it 
  again from the other side. Upstairs she tore off the tight 
  jeans and cut-off t-shirt, then ran a hot bath as she had no 
  shower in the rooms. While it filled she thoroughly read the 
  directions on both hair-care boxes, praying that she 
  wouldn't damage her hair with both a perm and a coloring, 
  then took off the bright scarf wrapped around her head and 
  lopped off her hair at shoulder level. 
      After she was through coloring and perming, she wrapped 
  her head in a worn towel and unpacked the rest of the 
  shopping bags. The check she'd written would bounce, but 
  that was the least of her worries right now. If this 
  disguise didn't get her past the Air Force people it really 
  wouldn't matter anyway.
      Dressed and with the new, suitcase-sized purse filled 
  with what little she dared take, Saundra picked up the phone 
  and made two calls. Then, with a last, thorough double-check 
  and a tear-filled look around her home, she locked the door 
  and went down the stairs for the last time.
      A green-and-white cab picked her up fifteen minutes 
  later and when she told the driver that her jealous 
  ex-boyfriend might be trying to follow her in a dark 
  four-door Ford, he grinned at her in the rearview mirror. "I 
  kin see why he'd be jealous," the cabbie sneered. "But 
  doncha worry. Ah could lose Jesus Himself iff'n I wanted 
  to."
      He was true to his word. Within ten minutes the Ford 
  appeared behind them, and in half that time he'd lost it, 
  the cab jumping lights, dodging around other cabs in the 
  busy downtown area, and racing through dark, narrow, 
  twisting alleys. Then Saundra had him to stop at several 
  24-hour teller machines and withdrew the limit from her 
  savings account, five hundred dollars each time. She had him 
  drop her at a large, expensive hotel in the suburbs, then 
  walked nearly five miles to a smaller, cheaper motel, afraid 
  he'd come back and try to find her.
      Three days later she emerged from the Motorama Motel in 
  her third, and final, disguise. She was sure that even her 
  relatives wouldn't recognize her now, never mind a couple of 
  men that had only seen her once or twice. Her 
  shoulder-length reddish-blonde hair was an interesting 
  contrast to her tan skin, and she was still amazed that she 
  looked almost full white with the light hair, possibly half 
  Indian or Mexican rather than black. Her new wardrobe of 
  bright, stylish clothes and assumed attitude made her seem 
  like a snobbish suburban girl rather than the self-effacing 
  city person she really was, and she played the part to the 
  hilt. 
      She had new ID, issued in the name of Amelia M. 
  Langford. The card itself would go to a nonexistent address, 
  but the slip of paper and voter's registration she'd gotten 
  at Secretary of State was good enough for now.
      She had no problems at the passport office either, and 
  heaved a sigh of relief as she left it carrying the small 
  black book. She'd been afraid that the computers would know 
  that Amelia had been dead for over eighteen years, but now 
  she was free and clear to fly.
      Saundra flagged down and cab and directed it to the 
  airport, praying that this last step wouldn't prove to be 
  the fatal one. It was the last leg of her journey, but not 
  until the plane had cleared the United States did she relax, 
  knowing that she had escaped.
     
                           EPILOGUE
      Heads turned as the tall, slender young woman swept 
  past the rows of motionless sun-worshippers at poolside. She 
  held her head high, looking neither left nor right; despite 
  her casual flowered t-shirt and shorts, nearly everyone 
  recognized her as Ladybird Amelia, the exotic singer from 
  the hotel bar.
      Saundra--even now she rarely thought of herself as 
  Amelia though she was quick to answer to the name--had 
  finally found her niche here in the Caribbean. After two 
  years of gypsying across Europe, pretending to be an 
  exchange student, she'd gotten drunk in a London basement 
  cafe and let herself be talked into getting up and singing. 
  No one more than Saundra herself had been surprised to find 
  out that she had a low, rich contralto voice that spun out 
  silky, smoky magic and an unerring ear for tone. Her 
  popularity as a cabaret singer grew, but she had to keep 
  moving lest the people looking for her find out by her fame 
  who and where she was. She traveled across France and 
  Germany, but this small Jamaican resort was the best yet; 
  her mixed blood wasn't the least unusual in the Caribbean, 
  and here she was making eight hundred American dollars a night, 
  six nights a week, plus room and board at the resort hotel.
      She welcomed the coolness of the hotel's air 
  conditioning as she headed across the lobby for the elevator 
  and her rooms. As much as she liked the islands, she sensed 
  that it was time to move on. After three months here, 
  everyone was urging her to record an album or go to 
  Hollywood. 
      Another thing she'd discovered in her travels was the 
  art of makeup. With the right cosmetics applied carefully, 
  she went from a nominally pretty girl to a ravishing exotic 
  beauty with smoky dark eyes and red, pouting lips. Though 
  she was now used to men pursuing her, she rarely had more 
  than a one-night stand as she dared not get involved, though 
  she'd been tempted more than once.
      As she stood before the bank of highly reflective 
  polished steel elevator doors her wide, slightly tilted eyes 
  scanned her reflection and a slight smile crossed her face; 
  hard to believe that this exotically beautiful woman was the 
  same shy, defensive little store clerk that had run like a 
  scared rabbit. Now she was in control of where she went and 
  what she did, the dark cloud that hung over her 
  notwithstanding.
      The elevator bell dinged and she looked up at the 
  glowing red arrow over the doors. Anticipating lunch on the 
  terrace of her room, which faced the sea, she took a small 
  step forward as the doors began to open, then froze as the 
  warning pulsed through her stronger than ever before. She 
  hadn't felt it since the night she'd decided to run but it 
  wasn't something easily forgettable. She stared at the elev-
  ator doors as they began to open, ready to bolt, then her jaw
  dropped in shock.
        As they slid back a body fell at her feet, Elmer's dead, 
  sightless eyes staring up at her almost reproachfully from 
  behind the mask of blood that covered his face.
      "He did his job, just as you will," Lt. Cassidy smiled 
  at her coldly. "We told you we'd get you one way or the 
  other."
                   TRICHOSERUS PACHANOI:  Fruit of the Gods
     
         Once upon a time, long before the beginnings of the great human
    civilisations, a comet travelling close through the our solar system
    exploded as it passed close by this planet Earth.  Fragments of this
    space traveller showered the Earth, carrying exotic organisms and the
    spores of strange flora.
         As the Indians of Peru and Equador came to know the progeny of
    this cataclysm, they hailed to the Gods for the provision of their holy
    sacrement, trichoserus pachanoi, The San Pedro Cactus.
         While the western empirical mind may scoff at this, there can be
    no doubt that the association of the mighty San Pedro with the heavens
    and space is appropriate and compelling.
     
                                FERTILITY RITES
     
         Trichoserus Pachanoi is one of the faster growing cacti.  A
    columnar cactus with six to eight ribs, dark green, spines: small at
    nodes, sometime none, large stands can grow to 18 feet!
         Flowers are white, reddish brown outside, and very fragrant when
    in bloom.  Cacti with four ribs are very sacred and highly prized by
    Indians familiar with this plant.
         San Pedro grows best in the summer, when the radiant warmth of the
    Sun awaken feelings of vigor in all life, and provide an abundance of
    energy for rapid development.
         During these months, San Pedro's roots are sent deep into the
    soil, and at this time buds, or rootlets, may appear at the base of the
    upper branches of the mature cacti.  This is the ideal time to take
    cuttings.
         When taking cuttings, or harvesting, always leave the rooted
    stump, preferably with several areoles, or spine-pads.  It would be
    silly to disturb or discard a well-rooted stump, which if allowed to
    regenerate, will provide next year's crop.
         For the best success with cuttings, start with a section at least
    6 inches long, and make sure the cut is clean and smooth.  Let the
    section dry in a cool, dark place for one or two weeks until a corky
    scab forms and dries thouroughly.
         Place the cutting in moist sand to a depth of 3-4 inches.  To
    speed rooting, make several nicks along the bottom of the spine ridges,
    and dip in a rooting compound such as Rootone or Superthrive.
         Your cuttings like partial shade for siestas until they are well-
    rooted.
     
                             RUMORS AND TALL TALES
     
         San Pedro is the sacramental ally of the Peruvian and Equadorian
    Indians.  No other plant contains as much mescaline as Pedro, with the
    exception of course of his relative, Peyote.
         Average dose: select a three inch diameter by seven inch long
    section.  Discoloration does not affect potency.  Finely chop outer
    tissues, discarding fibrous outer core.  Boil in twice it's volume of
    water for 30 minutes, squeeze dry with a cheesecloth.  Boil remaining
    pulp in equal volume of water for 20 minutes.  Extract juices, and
    combine with first extract.  Serve chilled, some suggest a tequila
    chaser.  Compost pulp!
     
         Alternative method for preparation and storage is to slice 1/3
    inch deep strips from Pedro's surface.  For ritual effect, play
    Peruvian flute music.  Dry slices in the sun or oven at 125 to 200
    degrees.  Store in an airtight container.  Average dry dose is 25
    grams.
         Reports have it that 75% of Pedro's active ingredient is
    concentrated just under the skin.  This layer apparantly is to protect
    from hungry pests.  Luckily, Pedro has very little of the alkaloids
    such as those in peyote which make your stomach uncomfortable!
     
                              CACTI NEED LOVE TOO
     
         Like most cacti and succulents, San Pedrp will flourish best in a
    sandy, rich well-drained soil.  You can prepare such a soil using a
    1:1:1 mixture of topsoil, sand, and perlite.
         Clay pots will allow the soil to breathe easily and help avoid one
    of the main hazards: root rot.  An inch or two of gravel or charcoal in
    the pot bottom isn't a bad idea for drainage.
         While not essential, a fertilizer applied in the spring will give
    Pedro a maximal chance of growing up plump and potent.
         Water as needed, but the soil MUST dry out between waterings.
    During the winter, or cool weather, overwatering will tend to cause
    root rot.  Better to err on the dry side.
         Mature, well-rooted San Pedro like the long full bright sun, while
    rooting stock needs shade part of the day for naps.
         CAUTION:  Our friend hates gas, and will quickly show its
    displeasure if grown in the kitchen or near any other gas appliances
    like heaters.
     
                                OTHER READING:
     
                        Flesh of the Gods, Peter Furst.
     
                               Lloydias Journal
     
                     FOR WHOLESALE INFORMATION, FAN MAIL,
                     TECHNICAL ADVICE, and ROOTING STOCK:
     
                                   Mr. Pedro
                                 P.O. Box 4611
                               Berkely CA 94704
     
         (Author's note:  Any plants accompanying this manual are sold for
    use as biological specimens only.  In addition, be aware that it is
    illegal to use hallucinagens, but legal to possess or sell San Pedro
    Cactus as a specimen or for cultivation.  Any alternative use of the
    specimens is the responsability of the owner, and is not reccomended by
    the author.)
         (Typist's note:  Clearly the above is the author's attempt to
    cover his ass legally.  But use of the recipies contained in this
    document and ingestion of the product are condoned by the typist; I do
    not have specimens for sale and am not liable to be procecuted for sale
    of controlled substances.  I am exercising my entirely legal right to
    distribute information and express my opinion that the use of mescaline
    is an enjoyable and beneficial experience.  And I certainly admire the
    nads of anyone who gives this information in a pamphlet to be given to
    the purchaser of Trichoserus pachanoi with or without such a
    disclaimer.)
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven
 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560
                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
           (313)558-5024 {14.4} (313)558-5517
              A BBS for text file junkies
              RPGNet GM File Archive Site
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
            The Adventure of Shoscombe Old Place
  Sherlock Holmes had been bending for a long time over a
low-power microscope. Now he straightened himself up and
looked round at me in triumph.
  "It is glue, Watson," said he. "Unquestionably it is glue.
Have a look at these scattered objects in the field!"
  I stooped to the eyepiece and focussed for my vision.
  "Those hairs are threads from a tweed coat. The irregular gray
masses are dust. There are epithelial scales on the left. Those
brown blobs in the centre are undoubtedly glue."
  "Well," I said, laughing, "I am prepared to take your word
for it. Does anything depend upon it?"
  "It is a very fine demonstration," he answered. "In the St.
Pancras case you may remember that a cap was found beside the
dead policeman. The accused man denies that it is his. But he is
a picture-frame maker who habitually handles glue."
  "Is it one of your cases?"
  "No; my friend, Merivale, of the Yard, asked me to look into
the case. Since I ran down that coiner by the zinc and copper
filings in the seam of his cuff they have begun to realize the
importance of the microscope." He looked impatiently at his
watch. "I had a new client calling, but he is overdue. By the
way, Watson, you know something of racing?"
  "I ought to. I pay for it with about half my wound pension."
  "Then I'll make you my 'Handy Guide to the Turf.' What
about Sir Robert Norberton? Does the name recall anything?"
  "Well, I should say so. He lives at Shoscombe Old Place,
and I know it well, for my summer quarters were down there
once. Norberton nearly came within your province once."
  "How was that?"
  "It was when he horsewhipped Sam Brewer, the well-known
Curzon Street money-lender, on Newmarket Heath. He nearly
killed the man."
  "Ah, he sounds interesting! Does he often indulge in that
way?"
  "Well, he has the name of being a dangerous man. He is
about the most daredevil rider in England -- second in the Grand
National a few years back. He is one of those men who have
overshot their true generation. He should have been a buck in the
days of the Regency -- a boxer, an athlete, a plunger. on the turf,
a lover of fair ladies, and, by all account, so far down Queer
Street that he may never find his way back again."
  "Capital, Watson! A thumb-nail sketch. I seem to know the
man. Now, can you give me some idea of Shoscombe Old
Place?"
  "Only that it is in the centre of Shoscombe Park, and that the
famous Shoscombe stud and training quarters are to be found
there."
  "And the head trainer," said Holmes, "is John Mason. You
need not look surprised at my knowledge, Watson, for this is a
letter from him which I am unfolding. But let us have some more
about Shoscombe. I seem to have struck a rich vein."
  "There are the Shoscombe spaniels," said I. "You hear of
them at every dog show. The most exclusive breed in England.
They are the special pride of the lady of Shoscombe Old Place."
  "Sir Robert Norberton's wife, I presume!"
  "Sir Robert has never married. Just as well, I think, consider-
ing his prospects. He lives with his widowed sister, Lady
Beatrice Falder."
  "You mean that she lives with him?"
  "No, no. The place belonged to her late husband, Sir James.
Norberton has no claim on it at all. It is only a life interest and
reverts to her husband's brother. Meantime, she draws the rents
every year."
  "And brother Robert, I suppose, spends the said rents?"
  "That is about the size of it. He is a devil of a fellow and
must lead her a most uneasy life. Yet I have heard that she is
devoted to him. But what is amiss at Shoscombe?"
  "Ah, that is just what I want to know. And here, I expect, is
the man who can tell us."
  The door had opened and the page had shown in a tall,
clean-shaven man with the firm, austere expression which is only
seen upon those who have to control horses or boys. Mr. John
Mason had many of both under his sway, and he looked equal to
the task. He bowed with cold self-possession and seated himself
upon the chair to which Holmes had waved him.
  "You had my note, Mr. Holmes?"
  "Yes, but it explained nothing."
  "It was too delicate a thing for me to put the details on paper.
And too complicated. It was only face to face I could do it."
  "Well, we are at your disposal."
  "First of all, Mr. Holmes, I think that my employer, Sir
Robert, has gone mad."
  Holmes raised his eyebrows. "This is Baker Street, not Harley
Street," said he. "But why do you say so?"
  "Well, sir, when a man does one queer thing, or two queer
things, there may be a meaning to it, but when everything he
does is queer, then you begin to wonder. I believe Shoscombe
Prince and the Derby have turned his brain."
  "That is a colt you are running?"
  "The best in England, Mr. Holmes. I should know, if anyone
does. Now, I'll be plain with you, for I know you are gentlemen
of honour and that it won't go beyond the room. Sir Robert has
got to win this Derby. He's up to the neck, and it's his last
chance. Everything he could raise or borrow is on the horse --
and at fine odds, too! You can get forties now, but it was nearer
the hundred when he began to back him."
  "But how is that if the horse is so good?"
  "The public don't know how good he is. Sir Robert has been
too clever for the touts. He has the Prince's half-brother out for
spins. You can't tell 'em apart. But there are two lengths in a
furlong between them when it comes to a gallop. He thinks of
nothing but the horse and the race. His whole life is on it. He's
holding off the Jews till then. If the Prince fails him he is done. "
  "It seems a rather desperate gamble, but where does the
madness come in?"
  "Well, first of all, you have only to look at him. I don't
believe he sleeps at night. He is down at the stables at all hours.
His eyes are wild. It has all been too much for his nerves. Then
there is his conduct to Lady Beatrice!"
  "Ah! What is that?"
  "They have always been the best of friends. They had the
same tastes, the two of them, and she loved the horses as much
as he did. Every day at the same hour she would drive down to
see them -- and, above all, she loved the Prince. He would prick
up his ears when he heard the wheels on the gravel, and he
would trot out each morning to the carriage to get his lump of
sugar. But that's all over now."
  "Why?"          
  "Well, she seems to have lost all interest in the horses. For a
week now she has driven past the stables with never so much as
'Good-morning'! "
  "You think there has been a quarrel?"
  "And a bitter, savage, spitelful quarrel at that. Why else would
he give away her pet spaniel that she loved as if he were her
child? He gave it a few days ago to old Barnes, what keeps the
Green Dragon, three miles off, at Crendall."
  "That certainly did seem strange."
  "Of course, with her weak heart and dropsy one couldn't
expect that she could get about with him, but he spent two hours
every evening in her room. He might well do what he could, for
she has been a rare good friend to him. But that's all over, too.
He never goes near her. And she takes it to heart. She is
brooding and sulky and drinking, Mr. Holmes -- drinking like a
fish."
  "Did she drink before this estrangement?"
  "Well, she took her glass, but now it is often a whole bottle
of an evening. So Stephens, the butler, told me. It's all changed,
Mr. Holmes, and there is something damned rotten about it. But
then, again, what is master doing down at the old church crypt at
night? And who is the man that meets him there?"
  Holmes rubbed his hands.
  "Go on, Mr. Mason. You get more and more interesting."
  "It was the butler who saw him go. Twelve o'clock at night
and raining hard. So next night I was up at the house and, sure
enough, master was off again. Stephens and I went after him,
but it was jumpy work, for it would have been a bad job if he
had seen us. He's a terrible man with his fists if he gets started,
and no respecter of persons. So we were shy of getting too near,
but we marked him down all light. It was the haunted crypt that
he was making for, and there was a man waiting for him there."
  "What is this haunted cryp?"
  "Well, sir, there is an old ruined chapel in the park. It is so
old that nobody could fix its date. And under it there's a crypt
which has a bad name among us. It's a dark, damp, lonely place
by day, but there are few in that county that would have the
nerve to go near it at night. But master's not afraid. He never
feared anything in his life. But what is he doing there in the
night-time?"
  "Wait a bit!" said Holmes. "You say there is another man
there. It must be one of your own stablemen, or someone from
the house! Surely you have only to spot who it is and question
him?"
  "It's no one I know."
  "How can you say that?"
  "Because I have seen him, Mr. Holmes. It was on that second
night. Sir Robert turned and passed us -- me and Stephens, quak-
ing in the bushes like two bunny-rabbits, for there was a bit of
moon that night. But we could hear the other moving about
behind. We were not afraid of him. So we up when Sir Robert
was gone and pretended we were just having a walk like in the
moonlight, and so we came right on him as casual and innocent
as you please. 'Hullo, mate! who may you be?' says I. I guess
he had not heard us coming, so he looked over his shoulder with
a face as if he had seen the devil coming out of hell. He let out a
yell, and away he went as hard as he could lick it in the
darkness. He could run! -- I'll give him that. In a minute he was
out of sight and hearing, and who he was, or what he was, we
never found."
  "But you saw him clearly in the moonlight?"
  "Yes, I would swear to his yellow face -- a mean dog, I
should say. What could he have in common with Sir Robert?"
  Holmes sat for some time lost in thought.
  "Who keeps Lady Beatrice Falder company?" he asked at
last.
  "There is her maid, Carrie Evans. She has been with her this
five years."
  "And is, no doubt, devoted?"
  Mr. Mason shuffled uncomfortably.
  "She's devoted enough," he answered at last. "But I won't
say to whom."
  "Ah!" said Holmes.
  "I can't tell tales out of school."
  "I quite understand, Mr. Mason. Of course, the situation is
clear enough. From Dr. Watson's description of Sir Robert I can
realize that no woman is safe from him. Don't you think the
quarrel between brother and sister may lie there?"
  "Well, the scandal has been pretty clear for a long time."
  "But she may not have seen it before. Let us suppose that she
has suddenly found it out. She wants to get rid of the woman.
Her brother will not permit it. The invalid, with her weak heart
and inability to get about, has no means of enforcing her will.
The hated maid is still tied to her. The lady refuses to speak,
sulks, takes to drink. Sir Robert in his anger takes her pet spaniel
away from her. Does not all this hang together?"
  "Well, it might do -- so far as it goes."
  "Exactly! As far as it goes. How would all that bear upon the
visits by night to the old crypt? We can't fit that into our plot."
  "No, sir, and there is something more that I can't fit in. Why
should Sir Robert want to dig up a dead body?"
  Holmes sat up abruptly.
  "We only found it out yesterday -- after I had written to you.
Yesterday Sir Robert had gone to London, so Stephens and I
went down to the crypt. It was all in order, sir, except that in one
corner was a bit of a human body."
  "You informed the police, I suppose?"
  Our visitor smiled grimly.
  "Well, sir, I think it would hardly interest them. It was just
the head and a few bones of a mummy. It may have been a
thousand years old. But it wasn't there before. That I'll swear,
and so will Stephens. It had been stowed away in a corner and
covered over with a board, but that corner had always been
empty before."
  "What did you do with it?"
  "Well, we just left it there."
  "That was wise. You say Sir Robert was away yesterday. Has
he returned?"
  "We expect him back to-day."
  "When did Sir Robert give away his sister's dog?"
  "It was just a week ago to-day. The creature was howling
outside the old wellhouse, and Sir Robert was in one of his
tantrums that morning. He caught it up, and I thought he would
have killed it. Then he gave it to Sandy Bain, the jockey, and
told him to take the dog to old Barnes at the Green Dragon, for
he never wished to see it again."
  Holmes sat for some time in silent thought. He had lit the
oldest and foulest of his pipes.
  "I am not clear yet what you want me to do in this matter,
Mr. Mason," he said at last. "Can't you make it more definite?"
  "Perhaps this will make it more definite, Mr. Holmes," said
our visltor.
  He took a paper from his pocket, and, unwrapping it care-
fully, he exposed a charred fragment of bone.
  Holmes examined it with interest.
  "Where did you get it?"
  "There is a central heating furnace in the cellar under Lady
Beatrice's room. It's been off for some time, but Sir Robert
complained of cold and had it on again.
  Harvey runs it -- he's one of my lads. This very morning he
came to me with this which he found raking out the cinders. He
didn't like the look of it."
  "Nor do I," said Holmes. "What do you make of it, Watson?"
  It was burned to a black cinder, but there could be no question
as to its anatomical significance.
  "It's the upper condyle of a human femur," said I.
  "Exactly!" Holmes had become very serious. "When does
this lad tend to the furnace?"
  "He makes it up every evening and then leaves it."
  "Then anyone could visit it during the night?"
  "Yes, sir."
  "Can you enter it from outside?"
  "There is one door from outside. There is another which leads
up by a stair to the passage in which Lady Beatrice's room is
situated."
  "These are deep waters, Mr. Mason; deep and rather dirty.
You say that Sir Robert was not at home last night?"
  "No, sir."
  "Then, whoever was burning bones, it was not he."
  "That's true. sir."
  "What is the name of that inn you spoke of?"
  "The Green Dragon."
  "Is there good fishing in that part of Berkshire?" The honest
trainer showed very clearly upon his face that he was convinced
that yet another lunatic had come into his harassed life.
  "Well, sir, I've heard there are trout in the mill-stream and pike
in the Hall lake."
  "That's good enough. Watson and I are famous fishermen --
are we not, Watson? You may address us in future at the Green
Dragon. We should reach it to-night. I need not say that we
don't want to see you, Mr. Mason, but a note will reach us, and
no doubt I could find you if I want you. When we have gone a
