installed Sub-Cyclic Normality Assert-i-Tron to counter the Heart
of  Gold's  Infinite  Improbability  Drive,  but  the  Sub-Cyclic
Normality  Assert-i-Tron  lay  idle as the Heart of Gold just sat
there and took it.
A dozen 30-Megahurt Definit-Kil  Photrazon  Cannon  continued  to
blaze  away at the Heart of Gold, and still it just sat there and
took it.
He tested every sensor at his disposal to see if  there  was  any
subtle trickery afoot, but no subtle trickery was to be found.
He didn't know about the tea of course.
Nor did he know exactly how the occupants of the  Heart  of  Gold
were  spending  the last three minutes and thirty seconds of life
they had left to spend.
Quite how Zaphod Beeblebrox arrived at  the  idea  of  holding  a
seance at this point is something he was never quite clear on.
Obviously the subject of death  was  in  the  air,  but  more  as
something to be avoided than harped upon.
Possibly the horror that Zaphod experienced at  the  prospect  of
being  reunited with his deceased relatives led on to the thought
that they might just feel the same  way  about  him  and,  what's
more,  be  able  to  do  something about helping to postpone this
reunion.
Or again it might just have been one of  the  strange  promptings
that  occasionally  surfaced from that dark area of his mind that
he had inexplicably locked off prior to becoming President of the
Galaxy.
"You want to talk to your great grandfather?" boggled Ford.
"Yeah."
"Does it have to be now?"
The ship continued to shake  and  thunder.  The  temperature  was
rising.  The  light  was  getting  dimmer  -  all  the energy the
computer didn't require for thinking about tea was  being  pumped
into the rapidly fading force-field.
"Yeah!" insisted Zaphod. "Listen Ford, I think he may be able  to
help us."
"Are you sure you mean think? Pick your words with care."
"Suggest something else we can do."
"Er, well ..."
"OK,  round  the  central  console.  Now.  Come   on!   Trillian,
Monkeyman, move."
They clustered round the central console in confusion,  sat  down
and,  feeling  exceptionally  foolish, held hands. With his third
hand Zaphod turned off the lights.
Darkness gripped the ship.
Outside, the thunderous roar of the Definit-Kil cannon  continued
to rip at the force-field.
"Concentrate," hissed Zaphod, "on his name."
"What is it?" asked Arthur.
"Zaphod Beeblebrox the Fourth."
"What?"
"Zaphod Beeblebrox the Fourth. Concentrate!"
"The Fourth?"
"Yeah. Listen,  I'm  Zaphod  Beeblebrox,  my  father  was  Zaphod
Beeblebrox the Second, my grandfather Zaphod Beeblebrox the Third
..."
"What?"
"There was an accident with a contraceptive and a  time  machine.
Now concentrate!"
"Three minutes," said Ford Prefect.
"Why," said Arthur Dent, "are we doing this?"
"Shut up," suggested Zaphod Beeblebrox.
Trillian said nothing. What, she thought, was there to say?
The only light on the bridge came from two dim red triangles in a
far  corner  where  Marvin  the  Paranoid  Android  sat  slumped,
ignoring all  and  ignored  by  all,  in  a  private  and  rather
unpleasant world of his own.
Round  the  central  console  four  figures  hunched   in   tight
concentration  trying  to  blot  from  their minds the terrifying
shuddering of the ship and the fearful roar that  echoed  through
They concentrated.
Still they concentrated.
And still they concentrated.
The seconds ticked by.
On Zaphod's brow stood beads of sweat,  first  of  concentration,
then of frustration and finally of embarrassment.
At last he let out a cry of anger, snatched back his  hands  from
Trillian and Ford and stabbed at the light switch.
"Ah, I was beginning to think you'd never turn  the  lights  on,"
said  a  voice.  "No,  not too bright please, my eyes aren't what
they once were."
Four figures jolted upright in their seats.  Slowly  they  turned
their  heads  to  look,  though  their  scalps  showed a distinct
propensity to try and stay in the same place.
"Now. Who disturbs me at this time?" said the small, bent,  gaunt
figure  standing  by  the  sprays  of  fern at the far end of the
bridge. His two small wispy-haired heads looked so  ancient  that
it  seemed  they  might  hold  dim  memories  of the birth of the
galaxies themselves. One lolled in sleep, but the other  squinted
sharply  at  them.  If his eyes weren't what they once were, they
must once have been diamond cutters.
Zaphod stuttered nervously for a moment. He  gave  the  intricate
little  double  nod which is the traditional Betelgeusian gesture
of familial respect.
"Oh ... er, hi Great Granddad ..." he breathed.
The little old  figure  moved  closer  towards  them.  He  peered
through  the  dim light. He thrust out a bony finger at his great
grandson.
"Ah," he snapped. "Zaphod Beeblebrox. The last of our great line.
Zaphod Beeblebrox the Nothingth."
"The First."
"The Nothingth," spat the figure.  Zaphod  hated  his  voice.  It
always  seemed  to  him  to  screech  like fingernails across the
blackboard of what he liked to think of as his soul.
He shifted awkwardly in his seat.
"Er, yeah," he muttered, "Er, look, I'm really  sorry  about  the
flowers,  I  meant to send them along, but you know, the shop was
fresh out of wreaths and ..."
"You forget!" snapped Zaphod Beeblebrox the Fourth.
"Well ..."
"Too busy. Never think of other people. The living  are  all  the
same."
"Two minutes, Zaphod," whispered Ford in an awed whisper.
Zaphod fidgeted nervously.
"Yeah, but I did mean to send them," he said. "And I'll write  to
my  great grandmother as well, just as soon as we get out of this
..."
"Your great  grandmother,"  mused  the  gaunt  little  figure  to
himself.
"Yeah," said Zaphod, "Er, how is she? Tell you what, I'll go  and
see her. But first we've just got to ..."
"Your late great grandmother and I are very well," rasped  Zaphod
Beeblebrox the Fourth.
"Ah. Oh."
"But very disappointed in you, young Zaphod ..."
"Yeah well ..." Zaphod felt strangely powerless to take charge of
this  conversation,  and  Ford's heavy breathing at his side told
him that the seconds were ticking away fast. The  noise  and  the
shaking  had  reached terrifying proportions. He saw Trillian and
Arthur's faces white and unblinking in the gloom.
"Er, Great Grandfather ..."
"We've been following your progress with considerable despondency
..."
"Yeah, look, just at the moment you see ..."
"Not to say contempt!"
"Could you sort of listen for a moment ..."
"I mean what exactly are you doing with your life?"
"I'm being attacked by a Vogon fleet!" cried Zaphod.  It  was  an
exaggeration,  but  it was his only opportunity so far of getting
the basic point of the exercise across.
"Doesn't surprise me in the least," said the  little  old  figure
with a shrug.
"Only  it's  happening  right  now  you  see,"  insisted   Zaphod
feverishly.
The spectral ancestor nodded, picked up the cup Arthur  Dent  had
brought in and looked at it with interest.
"Er ... Great Granddad ..."
"Did you know," interrupting the ghostly  figure,  fixing  Zaphod
with  a  stern  look,  "that Betelgeuse Five has developed a very
slight eccentricy in its orbit?"
Zaphod didn't and found the information hard  to  concentrate  on
what with all the noise and the imminence of death and so on.
"Er, no ... look," he said.
"Me spinning in my grave!" barked the ancestor.  He  slammed  the
cup  down  and pointed a quivering, stick-like see-through finger
at Zaphod.
"Your fault!" he screeched.
"One minute thirty," muttered Ford, his head in his hands.
"Yeah, look Great Granddad, can you actually help because ..."
"Help?" exclaimed the old man as if he'd been asked for a stoat.
"Yeah, help, and like, now, because otherwise ..."
"Help!" repeated the old man as if he'd been asked for a  lightly
grilled stoat in a bun with French fries. He stood amazed.
"You go swanning your way round the Galaxy  with  your  ..."  the
ancestor  waved  a  contemptuous  hand,  "with  your disreputable
friends, too busy to put flowers on my grave, plastic ones  would
have  done,  would  have been quite appropriate from you, but no.
Too busy. Too modern. Too sceptical  -  till  you  suddenly  find
yourself  in  a bit of a fix and come over suddenly all astrally-
minded!"
He shook his head - carefully, so as not to disturb  the  slumber
of the other one, which was already becoming restive.
"Well, I don't know, young Zaphod," he continued, "I  think  I'll
have to think about this one."
"One minute ten," said Ford hollowly.
Zaphod Beeblebrox the Fourth peered at him curiously.
"Why does that man keep talking in numbers?" he said.
"Those numbers," said Zaphod tersely, "are  the  time  we've  got
left to live."
"Oh," said his great grandfather. He grunted to himself. "Doesn't
apply to me, of course," he said and moved off to a dimmer recess
of the bridge in search of something else to poke around at.
Zaphod felt he was teetering on the edge of madness and  wondered
if he shouldn't just jump over and have done with it.
"Great Grandfather," he said, "It applies to  us!  We  are  still
alive, and we are about to lose our lives."
"Good job too."
"What?"
"What use is your life to anyone? When I  think  of  what  you've
made of it the phrase `pig's ear' comes irresistibly to my mind."
"But I was President of the Galaxy, man!"
"Huh," muttered his ancestor, "And what kind of a job is that for
a Beeblebrox?"
"Hey, what? Only President you know! Of the whole Galaxy!"
"Conceited little megapuppy."
Zaphod blinked in bewilderment.
"Hey, er, what are you at, man? I mean Great Grandfather."
The hunched up little figure stalked up to his great grandson and
tapped  him sternly on the knee. This had the effect of reminding
Zaphod that he was talking to a ghost because he  didn't  feel  a
thing.
"You know and I know what being President  means,  young  Zaphod.
You  know because you've been it, and I know because I'm dead and
it gives one such a wonderfully uncluttered perspective. We  have
a saying up here. `Life is wasted on the living.'"
"Yeah," said Zaphod bitterly, "very good. Very deep. Right now  I
need aphorisms like I need holes in my heads."
"Fifty seconds," grunted Ford Prefect.
"Where was I?" said Zaphod Beeblebrox the Fourth.
"Pontificating," said Zaphod Beeblebrox.
"Oh yes."
"Can this guy," muttered Ford quietly  to  Zaphod,  "actually  in
fact help us?"
"Nobody else can," whispered Zaphod.
Ford nodded despondently.
"Zaphod!" the ghost was saying,  "you  became  President  of  the
Galaxy for a reason. Have you forgotten?"
"Could we go into this later?"
"Have you forgotten!" insisted the ghost.
"Yeah! Of course I forgot! I had  to  forget.  They  screen  your
brain when you get the job you know. If they'd found my head full
of tricksy ideas I'd have been right out  on  the  streets  again
with  nothing  but  a  fat pension, secretarial staff, a fleet of
ships and a couple of slit throats."
"Ah," nodded the ghost in satisfaction, "then you do remember!"
He paused for a moment.
"Good," he said and the noise stopped.
"Forty-eight seconds," said Ford. He looked again  at  his  watch
and tapped it. He looked up.
"Hey, the noise has stopped," he said.
A mischievous twinkle gleamed in the ghost's hard little eyes.
"I've slowed down time for a moment," he said, "just for a moment
you understand. I would hate you to miss all I have to say."
"No, you listen to me, you  see-through  old  bat,"  said  Zaphod
leaping  out  of his chair, "A - thanks for stopping time and all
that, great, terrific, wonderful, but  B  -  no  thanks  for  the
homily, right? I don't know what this great think I'm meant to be
doing is, and it looks to me as if I was supposed  not  to  know.
And I resent that, right?
"The old me knew. The old me cared. Fine, so far so hoopy. Except
that the old me cared so much that he actually got inside his own
brain - my own brain - and locked off  the  bits  that  knew  and
cared, because if I knew and cared I wouldn't be able to do it. I
wouldn't be able to go and be President, and I wouldn't  be  able
to steal this ship, which must be the important thing.
"But this former self of mine killed himself off, didn't  he,  by
changing  my  brain? OK, that was his choice. This new me has its
own choices to make, and by a strange coincidence  those  choices
involve  not  knowing  and  not  caring  about  this  big number,
whatever it is. That's what he wanted, that's what he got.
"Except this old self of mine tried to leave himself in  control,
leaving orders for me in the bit of my brain he locked off. Well,
I don't want to know, and I don't want to hear  them.  That's  my
choice. I'm not going to be anybody's puppet, particularly not my
own."
Zaphod banged the console in fury, oblivious  to  the  dumbfolded
looks he was attracting.
"The old me  is  dead!"  he  raved,  "Killed  himself!  The  dead
shouldn't hang about trying to interfere with the living!"
"And yet you summon me up to help you out of a scrape," said  the
ghost.
"Ah," said Zaphod, sitting down  again,  "well  that's  different
isn't it?"
He grinned at Trillian, weakly.
"Zaphod," rasped the apparition, "I think the only reason I waste
my  breath  on  you is that being dead I don't have any other use
for it."
"OK," said Zaphod, "why don't you tell me what the big secret is.
Try me."
"Zaphod, you knew when you were President of the Galaxy,  as  did
Yooden Vranx before you, that the President is nothing. A cipher.
Somewhere in the shadows behind is another man, being, something,
with  ultimate  power. That man, or being, or something, you must
find - the man who controls this  Galaxy,  and  -  we  suspect  -
others. Possibly the entire Universe."
"Why?"
"Why?" exclaimed an astonished ghost, "Why? Look around you  lad,
does it look to you as if it's in very good hands?"
"It's alright."
The old ghost glowered at him.
"I will not argue with you. You will simply take this ship,  this
Improbability  Drive  ship to where it is needed. You will do it.
Don't think you can escape your purpose. The Improbability  Field
controls you, you are in its grip. What's this?"
He was standing tapping at one of  the  terminals  of  Eddie  the
Shipboard Computer. Zaphod told him.
"What's it doing?"
"It is trying," said Zaphod with wonderful  restraint,  "to  make
tea."
"Good," said his great  grandfather,  "I  approve  of  that.  Now
Zaphod,  "he  said, turning and wagging a finger at him, "I don't
know if you are really capable of succeeding in your job. I think
you will not be able to avoid it. However, I am too long dead and
too tired to care as much as I did. The  principal  reason  I  am
helping  you  now  is that I couldn't bear the thought of you and
your modern friends slouching about up here. Understood?"
"Yeah, thanks a bundle."
"Oh, and Zaphod?"
"Er, yeah?"
"If you ever find you need help again, you  know,  if  you're  in
trouble, need a hand out of a tight corner ..."
"Yeah?"
"Please don't hesitate to get lost."
Within the space of one second, a bolt of light flashed from  the
wizened  old  ghost's  hands to the computer, the ghost vanished,
the bridge filled with billowing smoke  and  the  Heart  of  Gold
leapt  an  unknown  distance  through  the dimensions of time and
space.
=================================================================
Chapter 4
Ten light years away, Gag Halfrunt jacked up his smile by several
notches.  As he watched the picture on his vision screen, relayed
across the sub-ether from the bridge of the Vogon  ship,  he  saw
the final shreds of the Heart of Gold's force-shield ripped away,
and the ship itself vanish in a puff of smoke.
Good, he thought.
The end of the last stray survivors  of  the  demolition  he  had
ordered on the planet Earth, he thought.
The final end of this dangerous (to the  psychiatric  profession)
and subversive (also to the psychiatric profession) experiment to
find the Question to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe,
and Everything, he thought.
There would be some celebration with his fellows tonight, and  in
the  morning  they would meet again their unhappy, bewildered and
highly profitable patients, secure  in  the  knowledge  that  the
Meaning  of  Life  would  not  now be, once and for all, well and
truly sorted out, he thought.
"Family's always embarrassing isn't it?" said Ford to  Zaphod  as
the smoke began to clear.
He paused, then looked about.
"Where's Zaphod?" he said.
Arthur and Trillian looked about  blankly.  They  were  pale  and
shaken and didn't know where Zaphod was.
"Marvin?" said Ford, "Where's Zaphod?"
A moment later he said:
"Where's Marvin?"
The robot's corner was empty.
The ship was  utterly  silent.  It  lay  in  thick  black  space.
Occasionally  it  rocked  and  swayed. Every instrument was dead,
every vision screen was dead. They  consulted  the  computer.  It
said:
"I  regret  that  I  have  been   temporarily   closed   to   all
communication. Meanwhile, here is some light music."
They turned off the light music.
They searched every corner of the ship in increasing bewilderment
and  alarm. Everywhere was dead and silent. Nowhere was there any
trace of Zaphod or of Marvin.
One of the last areas they checked was the small bay in which the
Nutri-Matic machine was located.
On the delivery plate of the Nutri-Matic Drink Synthesizer was  a
small  tray,  on  which  sat three bone china cups and saucers, a
bone china jug of milk, a silver teapot  full  of  the  best  tea
Arthur had ever tasted, and a small printed note saying "Wait".
=================================================================
Chapter 5
Ursa Minor Beta is, some say, one of the most appalling places in
the known Universe.
Although it is excruciatingly rich, horrifyingly sunny  and  more
full  of  wonderfully  exciting  people  than a pomegranate is of
pips, it can hardly be insignificant that when a  recent  edition
of  Playbeing  magazine headlined an article with the words "When
you are tired of Ursa Minor Beta you  are  tired  of  life",  the
suicide rate quadrupled overnight.
Not that there are any nights on Ursa Minor Beta.
It is a West Zone planet which by an  inexplicable  and  somewhat
suspicious  freak  of topography consists almost entirely of sub-
tropical coastline. By an equally suspicious  freak  of  temporal
relastatics,  it  is nearly always Saturday afternoon just before
the beach bars close.
No adequate explanation for this has been  forthcoming  from  the
dominant  lifeforms  on  Ursa Minor Beta, who spend most of their
time attempting to achieve  spiritual  enlightenment  by  running
round  swimming  pools, and inviting Investigation Officials form
the Galactic Geo-Temporal Control Board to "have a  nice  diurnal
anomaly".
There is only one city on Ursa  Minor  Beta,  and  that  is  only
called  a city because the swimming pools are slightly thicker on
the ground there than elsewhere.
If you approach Light City by air - and there is no other way  of
approaching  it,  no roads, no port facilities - if you don't fly
they don't want to see you in Light City - you will  see  why  it
has  this  name. Here the sun shines brightest of all, glittering
on the  swimming  pools,  shimmering  on  the  white,  palm-lined
boulevards,  glistening  on  the healthy bronzed specks moving up
and down them, gleaming off the villas,  the  hazy  airpads,  the
beach bars and so on.
Most particularly it shines  on  a  building,  a  tall  beautiful
building  consisting  of two thirty-storey white towers connected
by a bridge half-way up their length.
The building is the home of a book, and was  built  here  on  the
proceeds  of  an  extraordinary copyright law suit fought between
the book's editors and a breakfast cereal company.
The book is a guide book, a travel book.
It is one of the most remarkable, certainly the most  successful,
books  ever  to  come out of the great publishing corporations of
Ursa Minor - more popular than Life Begins at  Five  Hundred  and
Fifty,  better selling than The Big Bang Theory - A Personal View
by Eccentrica Gallumbits (the triple breasted whore  of  Eroticon
Six)   and  more  controversial  than  Oolon  Colluphid's  latest
blockbusting title Everything You Never Wanted To Know About  Sex
But Have Been Forced To Find Out.
(And in many of the  more  relaxed  civilizations  on  the  Outer
Eastern  Rim  of  the  Galaxy,  it  has long surplanted the great
Encyclopaedia  Galactica  as  the  standard  repository  of   all
knowledge  and  wisdom,  for  though  it  has  many omissions and
contains much that is apocryphal, or at least wildly  inaccurate,
it  scores  over  the  older  and  more  pedestrian  work  in two
important respects. First, it is slightly cheaper,  and  secondly
it has the words Don't Panic printed in large friendly letters on
its cover.)
It is of course that invaluable companion for all those who  want
to  see  the  marvels  of the known Universe for less than thirty
Altairan Dollars a day - The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
If you stood with your back to the main  entrance  lobby  of  the
Guide  offices  (assuming  you had landed by now and freshened up
with a quick dip and shower) and then walked east, you would pass
along  the  leafy  shade of Life Boulevard, be amazed by the pale
golden colour of  the  beaches  stretching  away  to  your  left,
astounded  by the mind-surfers floating carelessly along two feet
above the waves as if  it  was  nothing  special,  surprised  and
eventually  slightly  irritated  by the giant palm trees that hum
toneless nothings throughout the daylight hours, in  other  words
continuously.
If you then walked to the end of Life Boulevard you  would  enter
the  Lalamatine  district  of  shops,  bolonut trees and pavement
cafes where the UM-Betans come to relax after a hard  afternoon's
relaxation  on the beach. The Lalamatine district is one of those
very few areas which doesn't enjoy a perpetual Saturday afternoon
-  it  enjoys  instead  the  cool  of  a perpetual early Saturday
evening. Behind it lie the night clubs.
If, on this particular day, afternoon, stretch of  eveningtime  -
call  it  what  you will - you had approached the second pavement
cafe on the right you would have seen  the  usual  crowd  of  UM-
Betans  chatting,  drinking,  looking  very relaxed, and casually
glancing at each other's watches to see how expensive they were.
You would also have seen a couple of rather  dishevelled  looking
hitch-hikers  from  Algol who had recently arrived on an Arcturan
Megafreighter aboard which they had been roughing it  for  a  few
days.  They  were  angry  and  bewildered  to discover that here,
within sight of the Hitch Hiker's Guide building itself, a simple
glass  of  fruit juice cost the equivalent of over sixty Altairan
dollars.
"Sell out," one of them said, bitterly.
If at that moment you had then looked at the next table  but  one
you  would  have  seen Zaphod Beeblebrox sitting and looking very
startled and confused.
The reason for his confusion was that five seconds earlier he had
been sitting on the bridge of the starship Heart of Gold.
"Absolute sell out," said the voice again.
Zaphod looked nervously out of the corners of his eyes at the two
dishevelled  hitch-hikers  at  the next table. Where the hell was
he? How had he got there? Where was his ship? His hand  felt  the
arm  of  the chair on which he was sitting, and then the table in
front of him. They seemed solid enough. He sat very still.
"How can they sit and write a guide for hitch-hikers in  a  place
like this?" continued the voice. "I mean look at it. Look at it!"
Zaphod was looking at it. Nice place, he thought. But where?  And
why?
He fished in his pocket for his two pairs of sunglasses.  In  the
same  pocket  he  felt  a  hard smooth, unidentified lump of very
heavy metal. He pulled it out and looked at it. He blinked at  it
in  surprise. Where had he got that? He returned it to his pocket
and put on the sunglasses, annoyed to  discover  that  the  metal
object  had  scratched  one  of the lenses. Nevertheless, he felt
much more comfortable with them on. They were a  double  pair  of
Joo  Janta  200 Super-Chromatic Peril Sensitive Sunglasses, which
had been specially designed to  help  people  develop  a  relaxed
attitude  to  danger.  At  the  first  hint  of trouble they turn
totally black and thus prevent  you  from  seeing  anything  that
might alarm you.
Apart from the scratch the lenses were  clear.  He  relaxed,  but
only a little bit.
The angry hitch-hiker  continued  to  glare  at  his  monstrously
expensive fruit juice.
"Worst thing that ever happened to  the  Guide,  moving  to  Ursa
Minor  Beta," he grumbled, "they've all gone soft. You know, I've
even   heard  that   they've  created  a   whole   electronically
synthesized  Universe  in one of their offices so they can go and
research stories during the day and still go to  parties  in  the
evening. Not that day and evening mean much in this place."
Ursa Minor Beta, thought Zaphod. At least he knew  where  he  was
now.  He assumed that this must be his great grandfather's doing,
but why?
Much to his annoyance, a thought popped into  his  mind.  It  was
very  clear  and  very distinct, and he had now come to recognize
these thoughts for what they were. His  instinct  was  to  resist
them.  They  were  the  pre-ordained promptings from the dark and
locked off parts of his mind.
He sat still and ignored the thought furiously. It nagged at him.
He ignored it. It nagged at him. He ignored it. It nagged at him.
He gave in to it.
What the hell, he thought, go with the flow. He  was  too  tired,
confused  and  hungry  to  resist.  He  didn't even know what the
thought meant.
=================================================================
Chapter 6
"Hello? Yes? Megadodo Publications, home  of  the  Hitch  Hiker's
Guide  to  the  Galaxy,  the  most totally remarkable book in the
whole of the known Universe, can I  help  you?"  said  the  large
pink-winged  insect into one of the seventy phones lined up along
the vast chrome expanse of the reception desk in the foyer of the
Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy offices. It fluttered its wings
and  rolled  its  eyes.  It  glared  at  all  the  grubby  people
cluttering  up  the  foyer, soiling the carpets and leaving dirty
handmarks on the upholstery. It  adored  working  for  the  Hitch
Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy, it just wished there was some way of
keeping all the hitch-hikers  away.  Weren't  they  meant  to  be
hanging  round dirty spaceports or something? It was certain that
it had read something somewhere in the book about the  importance
of  hanging  round  dirty  spaceports. Unfortunately most of them
seemed to come and hang around in this  nice  clean  shiny  foyer
after  hanging around in extremely dirty spaceports. And all they
ever did was complain. It shivered its wings.
"What?" it said into the phone. "Yes, I passed on your message to
Mr  Zarniwoop, but I'm afraid he's too cool to see you right now.
He's on an intergalactic cruise."
It waved a petulant tentacle at one of the grubby people who  was
angrily  trying  to  engage  its attention. The petulant tentacle
directed the angry person to look at the notice on  the  wall  to
its left and not to interrupt an important phone call.
"Yes," said the insect, "he is in his  office,  but  he's  on  an
intergalactic  cruise. Thank you so much for calling." It slammed
down the phone.
"Read the notice," it said to the angry man  who  was  trying  to
complain  about one of the more ludicrous and dangerous pieces of
misinformation contained in the book.
The Hitch  Hiker's  Guide  to  the  Galaxy  is  an  indispensable
companion  to  all those who are keen to make sense of life in an
infinitely complex and confusing Universe, for though  it  cannot
hope to be useful or informative on all matters, it does at least
make the reassuring claim, that where it is inaccurate it  is  at
least  definitely  inaccurate. In cases of major discrepancy it's
always reality that's got it wrong.
This  was  the  gist  of  the  notice.  It  said  "The  Guide  is
definitive. Reality is frequently inaccurate."
This has led to some interesting consequences. For instance, when
the  Editors  of the Guide were sued by the families of those who
had died as a result of taking the  entry  on  the  planet  Traal
literally  (it said "Ravenous Bugblatter beasts often make a very
good meal for visiting tourists" instead of "Ravenous  Bugblatter
beasts  often  make  a very good meal of visiting tourists") they
claimed that the first version  of  the  sentence  was  the  more
aesthetically  pleasing,  summoned  a  qualified  poet to testify
under oath that beauty was truth, truth beauty and hoped  thereby
to  prove that the guilty party was Life itself for failing to be
either beautiful or true. The judges concurred, and in  a  moving
speech  held  that Life itself was in contempt of court, and duly
confiscated it from all those there present before going  off  to
enjoy a pleasant evening's ultragolf.
Zaphod Beeblebrox entered the foyer. He strode up to  the  insect
receptionist.
"OK," he said, "Where's Zarniwoop? Get me Zarniwoop."
"Excuse me, sir?" said the insect icily. It did not  care  to  be
addressed in this manner.
"Zarniwoop. Get him, right? Get him now."
"Well, sir," snapped the fragile little creature, "if  you  could
be a little cool about it ..."
"Look," said Zaphod, "I'm up  to  here  with  cool,  OK?  I'm  so
amazingly  cool  you  could  keep  a side of meat inside me for a
month. I am so hip I have difficulty seeing over my  pelvis.  Now
will you move before you blow it?"
"Well, if you'd let me explain, sir," said the insect tapping the
most  petulant  of all the tentacles at its disposal, "I'm afraid
that  isn't  possible  right  now  as  Mr  Zarniwoop  is  on   an
intergalactic cruise."
Hell, thought Zaphod.
"When he's going to be back?" he said.
"Back sir? He's in his office."
Zaphod paused while he tried to sort this particular thought  out
in his mind. He didn't succeed.
"This cat's on an intergalactic cruise ...  in  his  office?"  He
leaned forward and gripped the tapping tentacle.
"Listen, three eyes," he said, "don't you try to outweird  me.  I
get stranger things than you free with my breakfast cereal."
"Well, just who do you think you are, honey?" flounced the insect
quivering its wings in rage, "Zaphod Beeblebrox or something?"
"Count the heads," said Zaphod in a low rasp.
The insect blinked at him. It blinked at him again.
"You are Zaphod Beeblebrox?" it squeaked.
"Yeah," said Zaphod, "but don't shout it out or they'll all  want
one."
"The Zaphod Beeblebrox?"
"No, just a Zaphod Beeblebrox, didn't you  hear  I  come  in  six
packs?"
The insect rattled its tentacles together in agitation.
"But sir," it squealed, "I just  heard  on  the  sub-ether  radio
report. It said that you were dead ..."
"Yeah, that's right," said Zaphod, "I just haven't stopped moving
yet. Now. Where do I find Zarniwoop?"
"Well, sir, his office is on the fifteenth floor, but ..."
"But he's on an intergalactic cruise, yeah, yeah, how do I get to
him."
"The newly  installed  Sirius  Cybernetics  Corporation  Vertical
People Transporters are in the far corner sir. But sir ..."
Zaphod was turning to go. He turned back.
"Yeah?" he said.
"Can I ask you why you want to see Mr Zarniwoop?"
"Yeah," said Zaphod, who was unclear on this  point  himself,  "I
told myself I had to."
"Come again sir?"
Zaphod leaned forward, conspirationally.
"I just materialized out of thin air in one of  your  cafes,"  he
said,  "as  a  result  of  an argument with the ghost of my great
grandfather. No sooner had I got there that my former  self,  the
one  that  operated on my brain, popped into my head and said `Go
see Zarniwoop'. I have never heard of the  cat.  That  is  all  I
know.  That  and the fact that I've got to find the man who rules
the Universe."
He winked.
"Mr Beeblebrox, sir," said the insect in awed wonder, "you're  so
weird you should be in movies."
"Yeah," said Zaphod patting the thing on a glittering pink  wing,
"and you, baby, should be in real life."
The insect paused for a moment to recover from its agitation  and
then reached out a tentacle to answer a ringing phone.
A metal hand restrained it.
"Excuse me," said the owner of the metal hand  in  a  voice  that
would  have  made  an  insect  of  a more sentimental disposition
collapse in tears.
This was not such an insect, and it couldn't stand robots.
"Yes, sir," it snapped, "can I help you?"
"I doubt it," said Marvin.
"Well in that case, if you'll just excuse  me  ..."  Six  of  the
phones  were  now  ringing. A million things awaited the insect's
attention.
"No one can help me," intoned Marvin.
"Yes, sir, well ..."
"Not that anyone tried of course."  The  restraining  metal  hand
fell  limply  by  Marvin's  side.  His  head  hung  forward  very
slightly.
"Is that so," said the insect tartly.
"Hardly worth anyone's while to help a menial robot is it?"
"I'm sorry, sir, if ..."
"I mean where's the percentage in being  kind  or  helpful  to  a
robot if it doesn't have any gratitude circuits?"
"And you don't have any?" said the insect, who didn't seem to  be
able to drag itself out of this conversation.
"I've never had occasion to find out," Marvin informed it.
"Listen, you miserable heap of maladjusted metal ..."
"Aren't you going to ask me what I want?"
The insect paused. Its long thin tongue darted out and licked its
eyes and darted back again.
"Is it worth it?" it asked.
"Is anything?" said Marvin immediately.
"What ... do ... you ... want?"
"I'm looking for someone."
"Who?" hissed the insect.
"Zaphod Beeblebrox," said Marvin, "he's over there."
The insect shook with rage. It could hardly speak.
"Then why did you ask me?" it screamed.
"I just wanted something to talk to," said Marvin.
"What!"
"Pathetic isn't it?"
With a grinding of gears  Marvin  turned  and  trundled  off.  He
caught  up  with  Zaphod  approaching  the elevators. Zaphod span
round in astonishment.
"Hey ... Marvin!" he said, "Marvin! How did you get here?"
Marvin was forced to say something which came very hard to him.
"I don't know," he said.
"But ..."
"One moment I was sitting in your ship  feeling  very  depressed,
and   the  next  moment  I  was  standing  here  feeling  utterly
miserable. An Improbability Field I expect."
"Yeah," said Zaphod, "I expect  my  great  grandfather  sent  you
along to keep me company."
"Thanks a bundle grandad," he added to himself under his breath.
"So, how are you?" he said aloud.
"Oh, fine," said Marvin, "if you happen to like  being  me  which
personally I don't."
"Yeah, yeah," said Zaphod as the elevator doors opened.
"Hello," said the elevator sweetly, "I am to be your elevator for
this  trip  to  the floor of your choice. I have been designed by
the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation to take you,  the  visitor  to
the  Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy, into these their offices.
If you enjoy your ride, which will be swift and pleasurable, then
you may care to experience some of the other elevators which have
recently been installed  in  the  offices  of  the  Galactic  tax
department,  Boobiloo  Baby  Foods  and  the  Sirian State Mental
Hospital, where many ex-Sirius Cybernetics Corporation executives
will  be  delighted  to  welcome your visits, sympathy, and happy
tales of the outside world."
"Yeah," said Zaphod, stepping into  it,  "what  else  do  you  do
besides talk?"
"I go up," said the elevator, "or down."
"Good," said Zaphod, "We're going up."
"Or down," the elevator reminded him.
"Yeah, OK, up please."
There was a moment of silence.
"Down's very nice," suggested the elevator hopefully.
"Oh yeah?"
"Super."
"Good," said Zaphod, "Now will you take us up?"
"May I ask you," inquired the  elevator  in  its  sweetest,  most
reasonable  voice,  "if  you've  considered all the possibilities
that down might offer you?"
Zaphod knocked one of his  heads  against  the  inside  wall.  He
didn't  need  this,  he thought to himself, this of all things he
had no need of. He hadn't asked to be here. If he  was  asked  at
this moment where he would like to be he would probably have said
he would like to be lying  on  the  beach  with  at  least  fifty
beautiful  women and a small team of experts working out new ways
they could be nice to him, which was his usual reply. To this  he
would  probably have added something passionate on the subject of
food.
One thing he didn't want to be doing was chasing  after  the  man
who  ruled  the Universe, who was only doing a job which he might
as well keep at, because if  it  wasn't  him  it  would  only  be
someone  else.  Most  of  all he didn't want to be standing in an
office block arguing with an elevator.
"Like what other possibilities?" he asked wearily.
"Well," the voice trickled on like honey  on  biscuits,  "there's
the basement, the microfiles, the heating system ... er ..."
It paused.
"Nothing particularly  exciting,"  it  admitted,  "but  they  are
alternatives."
"Holy Zarquon," muttered Zaphod, "did I ask for an existentialist
elevator?" he beat his fists against the wall.
"What's the matter with the thing?" he spat.
"It doesn't want to go up," said Marvin  simply,  "I  think  it's
afraid."
"Afraid?" cried Zaphod, "Of what?  Heights?  An  elevator  that's
afraid of heights?"
"No," said the elevator miserably, "of the future ..."
"The future?" exclaimed Zaphod, "What  does  the  wretched  thing
want, a pension scheme?"
At that moment a commotion broke out in the reception hall behind
them.  From  the  walls  around  them  came the sound of suddenly
active machinery.
"We can all see into the future," whispered the elevator in  what
sounded like terror, "it's part of our programming."
Zaphod looked out  of  the  elevator  -  an  agitated  crowd  had
gathered round the elevator area, pointing and shouting.
Every elevator in the building was coming down, very fast.
He ducked back in.
"Marvin," he said, "just get this elevator go up will you?  We've
got to get to Zarniwoop."
"Why?" asked Marvin dolefully.
"I don't know," said Zaphod, "but when I find  him,  he'd  better
have a very good reason for me wanting to see him."
Modern elevators are strange and complex  entities.  The  ancient
electric  winch and "maximum-capacity-eight-persons" jobs bear as
much relation to a Sirius Cybernetics Corporation Happy  Vertical
People  Transporter  as a packet of mixed nuts does to the entire
west wing of the Sirian State Mental Hospital.
This  is  because  they  operate  on  the  curios  principle   of
"defocused  temporal  perception".  In  other words they have the
capacity to see dimly into the immediate  future,  which  enables
the  elevator to be on the right floor to pick you up even before
you  knew  you  wanted  it,  thus  eliminating  all  the  tedious
chatting,   relaxing,   and   making  friends  that  people  were
previously forced to do whist waiting for elevators.
Not unnaturally, many  elevators  imbued  with  intelligence  and
precognition   became   terribly  frustrated  with  the  mindless
business of going up and down, up and down, experimented  briefly
with  the  notion  of  going  sideways,  as a sort of existential
protest, demanded participation in  the  decision-making  process
and finally took to squatting in basements sulking.
An impoverished hitch-hiker visiting any planets  in  the  Sirius
star  system  these  days  can  pick  up  easy money working as a
counsellor for neurotic elevators.
At the fifteenth floor the elevator doors opened quickly.
"Fifteenth," said the elevator, "and  remember,  I'm  only  doing
this because I like your robot."
Zaphod and Marvin bundled out of  the  elevator  which  instantly
snapped its doors shut and dropped as fast as its mechanism would
take it.
Zaphod looked around warily. The corridor was deserted and silent
and  gave  no  clue as to where Zarniwoop might be found. All the
doors that led off the corridor were closed and unmarked.
They were standing close to the bridge which led across from  one
tower  of  the  building to the other. Through a large window the
brilliant sun of Ursa Minor Beta threw blocks of light  in  which
danced small specks of dust. A shadow flitted past momentarily.
"Left in the lurch by a lift," muttered Zaphod, who  was  feeling
at his least jaunty.
They both stood and looked in both directions.
"You know something?" said Zaphod to Marvin.
"More that you can possibly imagine."
"I'm dead certain this building  shouldn't  be  shaking,"  Zaphod
said.
It was just a light tremor through the soles of his  feet  -  and
another  one.  In  the  sunbeams  the  flecks of dust danced more
vigorously. Another shadow flitted past.
Zaphod looked at the floor.
"Either," he said, not very confidently, "they've got some  vibro
system for toning up your muscles while you work, or ..."
He walked across to the window and suddenly stumbled  because  at
that  moment  his  Joo  Janta 200 Super-Chromatic Peril Sensitive
sunglasses had turned utterly black. A large shadow flitted  past
the window with a sharp buzz.
Zaphod ripped off his sunglasses, and as he did so  the  building
shook with a thunderous roar. He leapt to the window.
"Or," he said, "this building's being bombed!"
Another roar cracked through the building.
"Who in the Galaxy would want  to  bomb  a  publishing  company?"
asked  Zaphod,  but  never  heard  Marvin's reply because at that
moment the building shook with another bomb attack. He  tried  to
stagger back to the elevator - a pointless manoeuvre he realized,
but the only one he could think of.
Suddenly, at the end of the corridor leading at right angles from
this  one,  he caught sight of a figure as it lunged into view, a
man. The man saw him.
"Beeblebrox, over here!" he shouted.
Zaphod eyed him with distrust as another bomb  blast  rocked  the
building.
"No," called Zaphod, "Beeblebrox over here! Who are you?"
"A friend!" shouted back the man. He ran towards Zaphod.
"Oh yeah?" said Zaphod, "Anyone's friend in particular,  or  just
generally well disposed of people?"
The man raced along the corridor, the floor bucking  beneath  his
feet   like   an  excited  blanket.  He  was  short,  stocky  and
weatherbeaten and his clothes looked  as  if  they'd  been  twice
round the Galaxy and back with him in them.
"Do you know," Zaphod shouted in his ear when he  arrived,  "your
building's being bombed?"
The man indicated his awareness.
It suddenly stopped being light. Glancing round at the window  to
see   why,  Zaphod  gaped  as  a  huge  sluglike,  gunmetal-green
spacecraft crept through the air  past  the  building.  Two  more
followed it.
"The government you deserted is out to get you,  Zaphod,"  hissed
the man, "they've sent a squadron of Frogstar Fighters."
"Frogstar Fighters!" muttered Zaphod, "Zarquon!"
"You get the picture?"
"What are Frogstar Fighters?" Zaphod was sure he'd heard  someone
talk  about  them  when  he was President, but he never paid much
attention to official matters.
The man was pulling him back through a door. He  went  with  him.
With  a  searing  whine  a  small  black  spider-like object shot
through the air and disappeared down the corridor.
"What was that?" hissed Zaphod.
"Frogstar Scout robot class A out looking for you," said the man.
"Hey yeah?"
"Get down!"
From the opposite  direction  came  a  larger  black  spider-like
object. It zapped past them.
"And that was ...?"
"A Frogstar Scout robot class B out looking for you."
"And that?" said Zaphod, as a third one seared through the air.
"A Frogstar Scout robot class C out looking for you."
"Hey," chuckled Zaphod to himself, "pretty stupid robots eh?"
From over the bridge came a  massive  rumbling  hum.  A  gigantic
black  shape was moving over it from the opposite tower, the size
and shape of a tank.
"Holy photon, what's that?"
"A tank," said the man, "Frogstar Scout robot class D come to get
you."
"Should we leave?"
"I think we should."
"Marvin!" called Zaphod.
"What do you want?"
Marvin rose from a pile of rubble further down the  corridor  and
looked at them.
"You see that robot coming towards us?"
Marvin looked at the gigantic black shape edging forward  towards
them over the bridge. He looked down at his own small metal body.
He looked back up at the tank.
"I suppose you want me to stop it," he said.
"Yeah."
"Whilst you save your skins."
"Yeah," said Zaphod, "get in there!"
"Just so long," said Marvin, "as I know where I stand."
The man tugged at Zaphod's arm, and Zaphod followed him off  down
the corridor.
A point occurred to him about this.
"Where are we going?" he said.
"Zarniwoop's office."
"Is this any time to keep an appointment?"
"Come on."
=================================================================
Chapter 7
Marvin stood at the end of the bridge corridor.  He  was  not  in
fact  a  particularly small robot. His silver body gleamed in the
dusty sunbeams and shook with the  continual  barrage  which  the
building was still undergoing.
He did, however, look pitifully small as the gigantic black  tank
rolled  to  a  halt in front of him. The tank examined him with a
probe. The probe withdrew.
Marvin stood there.
"Out of my way little robot," growled the tank.
"I'm afraid," said Marvin, "that I've  been  left  here  to  stop
you."
The probe extended again for a quick recheck. It withdrew again.
"You? Stop me?" roared the tank. "Go on!"
"No, really I have," said Marvin simply.
"What are you armed with?" roared the tank in disbelief.
"Guess," said Marvin.
The tank's engines  rumbled,  its  gears  ground.  Molecule-sized
electronic  relays  deep in its micro-brain flipped backwards and
forwards in consternation.
"Guess?" said the tank.
Zaphod and the as yet unnamed man lurched up one corridor, down a
second  and  along  a  third.  The building continued to rock and
judder and this puzzled  Zaphod.  If  they  wanted  to  blow  the
building up, why was it taking so long?
With difficulty they reached one of a number of totally anonymous
unmarked doors and heaved at it. With a sudden jolt it opened and
they fell inside.
All this way, thought Zaphod, all this  trouble,  all  this  not-
lying-on-the-beach-having-a-wonderful-time,   and   for  what?  A
single chair, a single desk and a  single  dirty  ashtray  in  an
undecorated  office.  The  desk, apart from a bit of dancing dust
and single, revolutionary form of paper clip, was empty.
"Where," said Zaphod, "is Zarniwoop?" feeling  that  his  already
tenuous  grasp  of the point of this whole exercise was beginning
to slip.
"He's on an intergalactic cruise," said the man.
Zaphod tried to size the man up. Earnest type, he thought, not  a
barrel  of  laughs.  He  probably apportioned a fair whack of his
time to running up and  down  heaving  corridors,  breaking  down
doors and making cryptic remarks in empty offices.
"Let me introduce myself," the man said, "My name is Roosta,  and
this is my towel."
"Hello Roosta," said Zaphod.
"Hello, towel," he added as Roosta held out to him a rather nasty
old flowery towel. Not knowing what to do with it, he shook it by
the corner.
Outside the window, one of  the  huge  slug-like,  gunmetal-green
spaceships growled past.
"Yes, go on," said Marvin to the  huge  battle  machine,  "you'll
never guess."
"Errmmm  ..."  said  the  machine,  vibrating  with  unaccustomed
thought, "laser beams?"
Marvin shook his head solemnly.
"No," muttered the machine in  its  deep  guttural  rumble,  "Too
obvious. Anti-matter ray?" it hazarded.
"Far too obvious," admonished Marvin.
"Yes," grumbled the machine, somewhat abashed, "Er ... how  about
an electron ram?"
This was new to Marvin.
"What's that?" he said.
"One of these," said the machine with enthusiasm.
From its turret emerged a sharp prong which spat a single  lethal
blaze  of  light.  Behind Marvin a wall roared and collapsed as a
heap of dust. The dust billowed briefly, then settled.
"No," said Marvin, "not one of those."
"Good though, isn't it?"
"Very good," agreed Marvin.
"I  know,"  said  the  Frogstar  battle  machine,  after  another
moment's  consideration,  "you must have one of those new Xanthic
Re-Structron Destabilized Zenon Emitters!"
"Nice, aren't they?" said Marvin.
"That's what you've got?" said the machine in considerable awe.
"No," said Marvin.
"Oh," said the machine, disappointed, "then it must be ..."
"You're thinking along the wrong  lines,"  said  Marvin,  "You're
failing  to  take  into  account  something  fairly  basic in the
relationship between men and robots."
"Er, I know," said the battle machine, "is it ..." it tailed  off
into thought again.
"Just think," urged Marvin, "they left me,  an  ordinary,  menial
robot,  to stop you, a gigantic heavy-duty battle machine, whilst
they ran off to save themselves. What do  you  think  they  would
leave me with?"
"Oooh, er," muttered the machine in alarm, "something pretty damn
devastating I should expect."
"Expect!" said Marvin, "oh yes, expect. I'll tell you  what  they
gave me to protect myself with shall I@"
"Yes, alright," said the battle machine, bracing itself.
"Nothing," said Marvin.
There was a dangerous pause.
"Nothing?" roared the battle machine.
"Nothing at all," intoned Marvin  dismally,  "not  an  electronic
sausage."
The machine heaved about with fury.
"Well, doesn't that just take the biscuit!" it roared,  "Nothing,
eh? Just don't think, do they?"
"And me," said Marvin in a soft low voice,  "with  this  terrible
pain in all the diodes down my left side."
"Makes you spit, doesn't it?"
"Yes," agreed Marvin with feeling.
"Hell that makes me angry," bellowed  the  machine,  "think  I'll
smash that wall down!"
The electron ram stabbed out another searing blaze of  light  and
took out the wall next to the machine.
"How do you think I feel?" said Marvin bitterly.
"Just ran off and left you, did they?" the machine thundered.
"Yes," said Marvin.
"I think I'll shoot down their bloody ceiling as well!" raged the
tank.
It took out the ceiling of the bridge.
"That's very impressive," murmured Marvin.
"You ain't seeing nothing yet," promised the machine, "I can take
out this floor too, no trouble!"
It took out the floor, too.
"Hell's bells!"  the  machine  roared  as  it  plummeted  fifteen
storeys and smashed itself to bits on the ground below.
"What a depressingly stupid machine,"  said  Marvin  and  trudged
away.
=================================================================
Chapter 8
"So, do we just sit here, or what?" said Zaphod angrily, "what do
these guys out here want?"
"You, Beeblebrox," said Roosta, "they're going to take you to the
Frogstar - the most totally evil world in the Galaxy."
"Oh, yeah?" said Zaphod. "They'll have to come and get me first."
"They have come and got you,"  said  Roosta,  "look  out  of  the
window."
Zaphod looked, and gaped.
"The ground's going away!" he gasped, "where are they taking  the
ground?"
