wire broke across my armored chest.  I struggled for control of
the bike, which had slowed as soon as my hand had been jerked
off the throttle.  Out of the corner of my left eye, I saw a
dark shape hurtling at me.  I gunned the engine and whipped the
bike to the right.  The high back of the rear seat caught
whatever it was, and something brushed my shoulder and slammed
into Weaver.  I lost control of the bike and laid it down, a
gentle euphemism that hides the flying gravel, roaring engine,
and uncontrolled belly-first slide of the bike.  Fortunately,
the wire impact had already robbed us of a lot of our momentum. 
As for me, I managed to get my leg out from under the bike and
roll away.  I'd lost track of Weaver, and collected a fair
number of bruises from landing on my weapons.  My Ruger revolver
was loose in my coat, so I was instinctively fumbling for it
when I spotted what had tried to hit me.
	It was the guard dog from Hell.  Part Rottweiler, part
Doberman, part German Shepherd, and from the size, part Mastiff.
 Some sick, twisted soul had grafted all kinds of cybernetic
goodies to the poor beast.  This was a real storm dog.  As I
grabbed the butt of my revolver, it shook off the impact with
the back of my Honda.  It was mostly mechanical, but the organic
brain was still vulnerable to shock.  Once again I had reason to
thank God that the surgeons with Ares were so good.  If that
beast had hit me on the bike, it probably would have bitten my
head off at the neck.  Just as it gathered itself for another
try, the aiming dot for the Ruger Super Warhawk aligned with its
head.
	There are two drawbacks to revolvers.  The first is that they
only carry six bullets.  The second is that they have a slower
rate of fire than self-loading, or automatic, pistols.  The
Ruger is just about the best of the breed, though.  They make
pistols in calibers larger than .44 Magnum, but they're awfully
heavy, and cumbersome in a firefight.  I didn't know if the
round under the hammer was an explosive or an armor-piercing
discarding sabot, but I figured it was the only shot I would
get.  All I could do was pull the trigger.
	It was an explosive round, which made the next one APDS.  The
dog slammed headfirst into the gravel, and then got back up,
stunned and wobbling.  I took full advantage of the unexpected
opportunity for a second shot, and shot the cybernetic canine
again.  The APDS penetrator went through whatever was armoring
the dog's skull and put it out of its pain.  I spotted Weaver,
trying to shove his arm down the throat of the dog that was
attacking him.  Weaver had his legs wrapped around the dog's
torso, and his other hand was clenched in the scruff of the
dog's neck.  Apparently the dog had never been treated that way
before, and it was doing everything it could think of just to
get away from the shaman.  I couldn't tell which of them was
more frightened, but at the time it didn't matter.  I sprinted
over to the tussle and shot the dog in the ribs, point-blank.
	If you've been paying attention, you know what round I fired at
the dog.  I load the Ruger that way for a reason.  The shotgun
was meant to be used against drunks berserk on testosterone, or
their chemical of choice.  Customers at Honey's weren't the
types to wear lots of armor, so I could load it with explosive
rounds and not worry about armor penetration.  My pistols were
loaded for shadowrunning, which is why I carried my Browning
Ultra-Power under my T-shirt at all times.  Since the Ruger was
loaded with alternating explosive and APDS rounds, I shot the
dog in the ribs with an explosive bullet.  I didn't have much
hope of breaking ribs or outright killing the beast, even at
point-blank range.  The dogs were too heavily armored for that. 
What I hoped for was to blow it off of Weaver so that I could
core the dog with an APDS follow-up.  This time, I got my wish. 
The second round finished the dog.
	"Y'okay, Weaver?" I gasped.
	"Huh.  Yeah, I think."  Weaver wiped canine saliva off of his
arm.  The sleeve of his armored duster was torn in a place or
two, and it looked like he'd lost some of his magic doodads.  
	I helped Weaver up.  "Did it break the skin?"  I asked him,
visions of artificial poison ducts and disease-carrying canines
racing through my mind.
	"No, I don't think so."
	We dusted ourselves off and collected what we could of our
gear.  I kept an eye on the house as we did so.  Well, if there
was anyone to see us, we'd already been noticed.  In fact, if
they hadn't heard my bike a mile away, they'd certainly heard my
shots.  I dug a speed loader out of one of my bags and reloaded
the Ruger, slipping the extra two rounds into a coat pocket.  My
skin itched under imagined gunsights.  I righted my bike, doing
what I could to get in shape for a quick get-away.  It was going
to take some work before the Honda Scorpion was back in top
shape.
	While I was working on the bike, Weaver was in Astral Space. 
You might think we were crazy to stay there in the open like
that, but without the bike we couldn't really run.  Also,
anybody who wanted to could have opened fire while we were still
messing with the dogs, or instead of unleashing the canines. 
Weaver and I, without talking about it, were figuring that no
vampire was going to come out in the sun just to shoot at us.
	Weaver shook himself off pretty quickly and joined me by the
bike.  "Will it get us out of here?"
	"Yeah, but I think you'll have a relaxin' ride back."
	Weaver ignored my gibe.  Instead, my shaman companion said,
"You ever watch any vampire trids?  Didn't they always have dogs
guarding them during the day?"
	"Yeah, the hounds of Hell, or some drek.  What's your point?"
	"This one may take the old superstitions more seriously than
the others."
	That made sense to me.  "Yeah, but with a couple o' modern
twists."  I strapped my sword to my back, handed Weaver a couple
of stakes, and put away my Ruger.
	Weaver continued, "This shed is just an entrance.  There's a
small elevator shaft inside, and a whole series of rooms
underground.  Looks like a converted bomb shelter.  No spirits
inside.  I didn't see anymore dogs, but the vampire had two
people with him, non-vampires.  And he is definitely awake.  The
only good news is I didn't see another spell-chucker."
	"Great.  Well, it's not gonna get any better with age.  Let's
do it."  I pulled my Defiance shotgun and headed for the door to
the cinderblock structure.  Weaver had to jog to keep up with my
strides.  Despite that damned wire, I had forgotten how much
taller I am than norms.  A line across my chest burned from the
wire, but I guess there are some real advantages to being an
Orc.  As we got closer, I noticed video cameras set in the slit
windows.
  	The door wasn't locked, which made us both instantly
suspicious.  I pointed Weaver to the right side of the doorway. 
I moved to the left and pushed the door open with the stubby
barrel of the sawed-off shotgun.  Nothing.  Weaver looked at me
questioningly.  I motioned him to wait, then I holstered the
shotgun.  I drew my Browning.
	The Browning Ultra-Power is expensive, but worth it.  It's got
a fair amount of stopping power, carries fifteen rounds, has a
nice rate of fire, and is highly concealable despite the laser
sight that comes mounted on top of the standard models.  I
mentioned that mine is a custom job.  Besides being wired for my
smartgun interface, I had replaced the laser with an ultrasound
sight.  Although ultrasound can be confusing, an ultrasound
sight will "see" everything on our material plane, even if it's
invisible.  It works kind of like sonar, I guess.  I used my
smartgun link to mentally command the sight to activate.  After
it warmed up, I shoved the pistol through the door and closed my
eyes.
	The sight projected a "sonar" map of everything in front of it
through the smartgun linkage into my cybernetic eyes.  It wasn't
a detailed image, but it let me look around the corner before
risking my entire body.  I saw a square room, conforming exactly
to the shape of the exterior walls.  In the middle of the room
was a square structure I took to be Weaver's small elevator.  No
welcoming committee.  The sight's resolution wasn't high enough
to pick out subtle details like the elevator door.
	I opened my eyes and shrugged at Weaver, then went through the
door quickly.  I shoulder-rolled back to my left, ending in a
crouch.  It may sound easy, but try it with a meter- long sword
strapped to your back.  I heard Weaver come in behind me. 
"Clear," I reported, since I saw no threats.
	"Nothing here either," Weaver said.
	"Take a minute and check downstairs again.  Where're the
people?  Where's the elevator?  Sketch me a map when you come
back."  To my right, inside the elevator shaft, I could hear the
ventilators doing their job, but no elevator noises.  Sweat
trickled down my back from under the sword strap, and ran out of
my hairline.  That's one of the disadvantages of really short
hair, there's nothing to slow the sweat.  I moved around to face
the door to the elevator, glancing out the narrow windows as I
moved.  We had come in the only entrance I could see.  We could
get away on foot through the trees if we had too, but that would
mean running across the open ground first.
	Looking back on that morning, I have no idea why it never
occurred to me not to go down the elevator.  At the time, it
didn't occur to me that the vampire had my face on film and
could hunt me at his leisure.  No, I had slipped into that
dangerous battlefield mindset where I focused on my objective
and had no room for other options, or for fear.  I was too busy
taking care of business to think about stopping, or to be
frightened by what I was doing.  That would come later.
	Weaver came out of his trance pretty quickly and joined me by
the elevator.  The floor was dirty enough that he could sketch a
map on it.  "Okay, here's the elevator shaft.  It's about ten
meters deep.  The elevator is down there.  The elevator opens
onto a small room, and that's where the two people are waiting,
behind overturned tables.  It looks like a dining area.  On the
other side of the shaft is what looks like a kitchen, and it's
uninhabited.  Straight out from the elevator door is the only
exit from the dining area.  It leads into a small, empty room
which has another door opposite the entrance from the dining
hall.  Then there's a short hallway, maybe ten meters, with
bedrooms opening off each side.  The bathroom is at the end of
the hall.  Everybody down there, including the vampire, is
sporting cyberwear.  The vampire is in the last bedroom on the
right."
	"Uh huh."  I thought I had a plan, but I wasn't sure.  I had to
check something first.  I put away my pistol and drew my sword. 
Then I used it to jimmy open the elevator doors.  They weren't
complicated like the safety doors used in public buildings, so
once I could get my hands in brute force was all that was
needed.  I have plenty of that.  Weaver had said that the
underground rooms reminded him of a bomb shelter.  That made me
think there had to be a way up and down the shaft for use when
there was no power.  Sure enough, there was a ladder down one
side of the narrow elevator shaft.
	"Okay," I said to Weaver, grinning my toothy grin.  "Here's the
deal.  I'm gonna cut the cables so they can't raise the elevator
and crush us.  Then we'll go down the ladder.  Look's like the
elevator's not much more than a platform and an open-topped
safety cage.  You got anything that we can use for a grenade?"
	Weaver managed a grin almost as scary as mine.  Pretty
impressive for a norm.  He said, "Oh, I think I've got something
to enlighten them.  But I have to go down first.  I have to be
able to see to throw the spell."  Then he pulled a little rod
from an inside pocket of his coat.  On the end of the rod was a
mirror at an angle.  Weaver telescoped the rod out to about a
one-meter length, and gave me an even wider grin.  "Think you
can drop past me and finish them off?"
	I remembered those questions I wanted to ask Weaver, but I
saved them for a better time.  "Null perspiration, chummer,
let's rock."  A sudden, vandalous whim hit me.  "While I'm
cutting, see if you can't smash the video cameras."
	The elevator cables were tough, but they hadn't been designed
to resist a concentrated assault with an edged weapon.  Weaver
grabbed a rock and smashed the lenses of the cameras.  I could
hear noises from below, like they had noticed our efforts and
were disturbed by them.  Good.  I wanted them disturbed.  Weaver
finished his job and joined me by the door to the shaft.  I
murmured in his ear, "Now they can't tell if we just cut the
cables and left."  He nodded and entered the shaft.
	For a brief moment before I started to follow Weaver down the
ladder, I thought longingly of an assault rifle or a
sub-machinegun.  A few real grenades would have been nice too,
but if wishes were horses even us trogs would ride.  Weaver and
I had both opted for a stealthy descent, so we were
empty-handed.  Had anyone been dumb enough to stick his head
through the door at the bottom of the shaft, I probably would
have just dropped on him.  However, no one did.  They had to
know where we were.  Surely no one with the security this
vampire had was arrogant enough to assume that no aggressor
would get this far.
	I was still worried when Weaver got as low as he wanted to get.
 He was crouched on a rung with his feet just above the top of
the door.  Hooking his right arm around a rung of the ladder, he
dug his mirror-and-rod gadget out of its pocket and telescoped
it with a snap of his wrist.  There was just enough light for
him to see the reflection of the dining area in his mirror.  He
began to chant.  I drew my Browning and got ready to jump.  Then
things started to really happen.
	Weaver shouted his last syllable and seemed to go limp.  Though
he didn't fall, he did drop his mirror.  Just as I pushed off
from the wall, light and heat erupted from the dining area. 
Flame and smoke rushed up to meet me.  The shaft filled with
dust shaken from the walls, and a sound like the voice of God
roared past me.  A little singed, I managed not to break
anything when I landed on the tangled mess of cables. 
Crouching, I superimposed the ultrasound images over my normal
vision.  The room was smoky, and several inflammable objects
were burning despite the efforts of the sprinkler system.  I
spotted one, moving, humanoid figure and put two bullets into it
in quick succession.  I didn't see the other one, but I moved
from the elevator shaft to keep from getting pinned down.  I
tried to stay low and under the smoke, which blocked any
sunlight filtering down the elevator shaft.  The only light in
the area came from the small fires burning in it.
	A telltale groan gave away the remaining non-vampire.  When I
got to him, there wasn't much left.  Weaver's fireball had
burned him pretty badly.  Frankly, I considered the bullet I put
through his brain more merciful than months of painful
reconstructive surgery.  I pulled away the charred remains of a
cloth he had been wearing around his neck, to reveal obscenely
healthy flesh, punctured by bite marks.  Great, a groupie.  I
put away the Browning and went for my sword.  The ventilators
were drawing the smoke steadily up the elevator shaft, and it
was beginning to get easier to breathe.  Sunlight began to
filter down the shaft and replace the small fires as the
illumination for the dining room.  As I went to check on Weaver,
I noticed that the explosion seemed to have been centered on the
door across the room from the entrance to the elevator shaft. 
It clicked in my head that the little room beyond that door had
been sort of an airlock, only it kept sunlight from ever
reaching the residential hallway.
	Weaver was crouched in the elevator car, looking dazed. 
"Y'alright, chummer?" I murmured.
	"Yeah," he said slowly.  "That spell takes a lot out of me. 
Not sure how much good I'll be for a bit."
	"Stay frosty, ya got us in."  As I turned away, I heard the
interior door opening.  I remember thinking I was about to face
either a very brave or a very suicidal vampire.  Wrong on all
counts but one.
	I could only assume that what came through the door was the
vampire.  The figure wore full body-armor, including a helmet
with a mirrored faceplate.  In it's hands was a chopped-down
AK-97 assault rifle.  I pivoted away from the elevator and
ducked back behind the shaft housing.  Staying low saved me, I
think, because the vampire's sight was obscured by the remaining
smoke.  The helmet would have muffled sounds and blocked smells.
 I heard it move through the flame-retardant laced water from
the sprinklers toward the elevator.  Laying my sword down as
softly as I could, I pulled the Ruger from its resting place
under my arm.  The Browning's sight was better suited to these
conditions, but I had more confidence in the Ruger's ability to
punch holes through armor.  I even triggered the light
amplification circuits in my eyes so I could make sure there was
an APDS round under the hammer.
	Weaver tried to get off a spell when he saw the vampire, I
heard it.  But his chanting broke off in a gurgle.  Easing
quietly from behind the shaft housing, I saw Weaver's sneakers
dangling above the wet floor.  The vampire had him by the throat
with one hand.  If it was saying anything, I couldn't hear it. 
The vampire held the AK-97 casually in its other hand.
	It was point blank range from around the side of the housing,
and the vampire hadn't even seen me yet.  I took my time,
controlled my breathing, and made the shot count.  After
Weaver's fireball, the revolver was hardly impressive.  The
results were pretty good though.  The vampire dropped Weaver and
the sawed-off assault rifle to grab its helmet with both hands. 
It dropped to its knees and began trying to get the helmet off. 
I slapped one hand away and shoved the Ruger into the hole I'd
already made.  Damn, that thing was fast.  Before I could pull
the trigger it had swept my legs from under me.
	Fortunately my sword was not strapped to my back. 
Unfortunately, I lost the Ruger while trying to turn my topple
into a controlled fall.  I might have succeeded if the floor
hadn't been slick from the sprinklers.  I landed hard and the
revolver went whipping off into the debris.  My instant reaction
was to move away from the injured vampire, so I threw my legs
back over my head and rolled into a crouch.
	Weaver was still out of it, on all fours near the vampire.  My
armored opponent wrenched off his helmet and hurled it in my
general direction, bloody head turning to locate his AK-97.  He
spotted it about the time I went for the Browning Ultra-Power
holstered in the small of my back.  I was in a contest of
reflexes like I had never been before.  Normally, everyone else
seems to slow down and I stay moving at normal speed.  At least,
that's how it seems to me.  This time Weaver just seemed to
freeze, and I was moving as slowly as the vampire.
	The bloodsucker clamped his hand on the AK-97's grip about the
same time I touched my pistol.  I watched it pick up the
automatic weapon and start to swing it around.  A corner of my
mind noted that even the little bit of sunlight from the
elevator shaft was enough to start reddening the vampire's skin
beneath the blood.  While my mind screamed for speed, my body
slowly began dragging the Browning through the layers of my
T-shirt and coat.  Knowing I was too slow, knowing Weaver's life
depended on me as well, I began straightening my legs and
throwing myself behind the elevator.  The vampire kept swinging
that sawed-off assault rifle around, trying now to catch up with
my body as well as beat me to the draw.
	I say a little prayer of thanks every time I think about that
day.  I had never unstrapped my coat from my thighs.  Its armor
panels saved me from the vampire's first burst.  My landing was
still off balance.  The bullets' impacts were like hammers
pounding my shins, sweeping my legs away from where I needed
them to be.  I have dreams now where I had unstrapped the coat,
and much worse happens.  So I landed hard again, and this time I
lost the Browning as I rolled and slid into the kitchen.  Time
was beginning to speed up again, somehow.
	I could clearly hear the vampire chasing me.  I knew the helmet
wasn't obstructing its hearing anymore.  Even if I could somehow
remain absolutely silent, it could track me by scent.  I
couldn't see the Ruger or the Browning.  The Defiance T-250 was
still in its holster beneath my coat.  A glint caught my eye on
the far side of the elevator shaft, a familiar long shape.  As
the vampire came around the corner, I leapt for my sword.  My
leap took me out of the vampire's sight, but I heard it racing
to catch up with me.  My karma kicked back in as I turned my
slide to the sword into a roll that took me around to the front
of the elevator.
	Weaver was up and moving away from me, chanting and trying to
catch sight of the vampire.  I pulled myself to my full seven
foot height and whipped the sword up over my left shoulder.  I
was depending on this.  I wasn't sure my battered shins would
produce any more leaps or handle any more running.  My right
shoulder was to the elevator shaft and I was waiting for the
vampire.  With Weaver behind it, the vampire was sprinting to
catch me and eliminate the squeeze play we were developing.  It
had too much momentum to stop on the slick floors, but I heard
it a startled gasp and the sound of boots scrabbling on wet
concrete.  Maybe it smelled me.  Maybe it heard me.  Whatever
tipped it off came too late.  I clotheslined it with the sword
as came past me.
	That was the bloodiest of the killings.  I was splattered with
gore as the vampire's head splashed back toward Weaver.  He was
carrying it when he came up to where I was cleaning my sword
with the shirt of the first groupie I had shot.  "You going to
carry the corpse up the shaft to the sun?" he asked me.
	I shook my head slowly.  "Nah, I got a more satisfyin' idea. 
These guys were some kind o' survival nuts, it looks like.  I'll
bet they got cans o' kerosene or bottles o' propane around here
somewhere.  We'll collect our gear and whatever else we want. 
Then we'll crack a couple open and light a fire.  All that stuff
is heavier'n air, it'll concentrate down here until it's
powerful enough to blow.  We'll bury 'em all, and be miles away
when it happens."
	It was mid-afternoon by the time we got back to Snakeoil's
place.  I still dream about a pale, fanged face bending over me,
revenge blazing in its eyes.  I have done some things in my
life, but those vampires were unique.  Were they all ignorant? 
Or stupid?  Or just arrogant?  To this day, I don't know the
answer.  I'm too smart to settle for the simple answer:  That I
was just faster  than them.  I know I was only luckier than that
last one.
	We were spattered with gore and exhausted when we pulled in
through one of the camouflaged gates.  Snake was finishing some
business with a rigger I had seen around the area.  Weaver
showed me where to park my hog, then we went inside.  Snake
looked at us as he opened the door, then he said "The shower's
the first door on the right after the kitchen.  The team'll be
here tonight to talk about the run.  Get some sleep."  Like I
wasn't already planning on it.
	Peeling off my clothes and my armor was a religious experience
it felt so good.  My left shin was black and blue from knee to
ankle, and I knew my foot would swell as the fluid drained. 
Snake's shower wasn't much more than a tank on the roof hooked
to a solar-powered heater, but it had been so long since I'd had
more than a sponge-bath in a sink that it felt like a bit of
Heaven to me.  Sleep was a bit of a problem at first.  Snake
kept coming through the living area where Weaver, Bobby, and I
were all racked out.  I kept pulling a gun on him before fully
waking up.  After the third scare he tactfully suggested I use
his bedroom, and I slept until it was time for the meet.
                               THE FROG PRINCE
                                                   Andrew Varga
                                                   Copyright 1992
              I plunked my tray down as I slumped into the booth.
          Factory-modified foodstuffs entombed in plastic.
              Exhausted, and it was only noon.  I'd been to five
          businesses that morning, resume in hand, proudly, even
          boastfully locating employment.
              Truth is, I'd gone out begging for someone to read
          the damned thing.
              What would my wife say when I came home empty-handed
          again?  She'd smile bravely at my story, but I knew I'd
          catch the ugly desperation roaming around behind her eyes.
          And my insides would crumble again, like an old brick
          building in an earthquake.
              "May I sit down?"
              I looked up into the face of the ugliest old man I'd
          ever seen.  I can't say that he was shabbily dresses, but
          he was as close as one could come to it.  But the truly
          surprising thing about him was his face.  It was almost as
          though some wicked witch had tried to turn him into a frog
          but had somehow forgotten part of the incantation and the
          spell only partly took hold!  The Creature from the Black
          Lagoon without the gills!
              "All the other seats are taken," he said quietly as I
          sat there gawking.
              All I could do was nod.
              "Thank you very much," he said with genuine sincerity
          and a twinkle in his eyes.
              I quickly turned my attention to my unappetizing
          sandwich, trying to hide my shocked surprise.
              I heard his tray touch my table, and the rustle of his
          clothes as he sat down.  I glanced up just as he removed
          his hat.  His large bald head was covered with big brown
          splotches, like what you'd find on a spotted toad.  As I
          hastily returned to my meal, I noticed that the only thing
          on his tray was a plastic cup filled with black coffee.
          His silence made me look up again.  Two fingers were
          missing from one of his hands.  They were folded and his
          head was bowed.  This awful looking creature was praying!
              Wanting to get away as soon as I could, I took a bite
          and began stuffing my sandwich back into its thermoplastic
          tomb.
              He glanced across at me and smiled.  Those eyes.  So
          bright.  So out of place.
              "Care for a little conversation?"
              I was appalled.  Can't he see that I'm trying to
          ignore him?   I tried to speak but ended up spitting food
          on myself.
              Embarrassed, I nodded.
              He handed me his napkin and started to speak.  I did
          my best not to listen.  Some story about war and Berlin
          and an orphanage and America.
              Then it hit me.  This ugly old man was telling me his
          whole life story!  I stared in disbelief.  The alarms in
          the back of my head were beginning to go off.  I felt, no
          I knew, I had to get out of there.
              I began listening in hopes of finding a break in his
          story, so that I could excuse myself without being too
          rude.
              "And then," he said, sitting erect with pride, "I was
          taken in by Father Pete who ran the school for the blind."
              How fitting, I thought, and gave a smug smile.  I
          tried to get a word in, "You must have felt...."
              "Like a frog out of water?"  His smile broadened.
              Again I was reduced to silence as he continued his
          story.
              He'd studied to be a priest he told me, but no parish
          would have him.
              "That's when I met my wife, Belinda, you know."  He
          told me about his family, how in spite of their problems
          their love grew and blossomed, and filled his life with
          joy.
              And then later how they were all lost in a fire.
              He told me about abuses he'd suffered for that which
          he could not change, how he'd suffered and wandered and
          suffered some more.
              And all the time smiling with that sparkle in his
          eyes.
              How every one of his problems was surmounted and put
          to rest in the past, with faith and a prayer.
              I spent the afternoon listening to that man. Listening
          yes, and learning, too.
              At home I fought back the tears as I kissed my wife at
          the door, bent down and, still smiling, gave my daughter a
          big warm hug.
              True beauty, and yes, happiness, thanks to God, are
          always, always found on the inside.
                                            3
		The Game
		by Suki
"I have a new game for you today dear," Scott stated as he walked into the
room Susan was in.  Susan lowered the book she was reading and stared at him,
trying to assess his mood.  "Yes" Scott repeated, "a game.  You will like
this one, my dear, the stakes are quite high."
	Susan felt a thrill go through her at his words.  She remembered the
last game that they played.  It ended in a hot bubble bath and a full body
oil rub, to ease the aches and pains and sore muscles from the game.  The marks
remained for almost a week (she always did bruise easily), but the feelings
and sensations the experienced during the game made it all worthwhile.
"The game," Scott continued, "goes like this.  First, the stakes.  If you win
you will get anything you want for the rest of the evening.  ANYTHING.  But
if I win I get anything I want for the rest of the evening.  I've been wanting
a slave recently."  He smiled, and searched her eyes for her reaction.
	Susan had started getting wet the moment he started talking.  Sitting
on the couch wearing a tight pair of shorts and a tank top she could almost
feel her labia lips swelling with his words.  She waited for him to finish
his description of the game.
"The rules are as follows.  You will have two hours.  In that two hours
you must stay on our property, and try not to get caught.  If you are
caught you lose.  However, if you manage to stay uncaught for two hours
you win, and anything you want is yours."
	Susan contemplated this.  They had approximately five acres of forest
land that she could stay in.  Much of it was large, old redwoods with empty
holes that would be easy to hide in.  She knew however, that she would have
more fun moving about and trying to trick and stay ahead of them.  She also
knew that Scott was a fairly good tracker.
"Oh, and one more thing."  Scott smirked, "I invited Mark to help me."
	Scott enjoyed watching Susan's mouth fall open at his last
announcement.  An assortment of conflicting emotions crossed her face.
Then she came to a decision.
"I'll do it."
"Fine," Scott replied with confidence, "You have half an hour to prepare.
As soon as Mark gets here we will begin.  You will have a 10 minute head
start, and then we will follow you."
	Susan walked upstairs with shaky legs and hunted down her tennis
shoes and socks.  She put them on, and walked into the bathroom.  'Better
take care of business now,' she thought.  Then she combed her hair and
stared at herself.  A wide pair of green eyes stared back at her as she
contemplated her reflection.  She was only 5'3" and weighted 110 pounds.
Her frame was small, but not too small, with long legs and a lightly tanned
skin.  Her medium length brown hair ran down to the middle of her back
and was very straight.  She pulled it back into a ponytail high up on her
head.  'Good enough,' she thought, 'at least it won't be in the way.'
	It was warm out today, no sense in wearing anything more than
what she had on.  With a last glance she walked downstairs.  Scott and
Mark, who had just arrived looked up at her as she descended the stairs.
Susan thought she detected a brief look of approval from Scott, and then
it was gone.  He had a definite talent for masking his thoughts.
"You have 10 minutes starting now," Scott commanded.  She stared at
both of them defiantly for a moment, and then let herself out the
front door.
     On the porch she hesitated, staring out at the woods around her
 for a moment and then turned left, went around the side of the
and vanished from sight.  Scott and Mark glanced out the window as
she vanished from sight, and then turned their backs.
"Well?" questioned Mark,  "Will we be able to catch her?"
"Absolutely no question about it," Scott answered, "But let's not
catch her too fast.  I'd like to toy with her for a while."
	He glanced at the clock on the wall.
"Come on," Scott said, "it's been 10 min."
	With the grace of a stalking cat, he turned and opened the front
door.  Mark followed quickly, coming along side of Scott.  He did not
fail to notice that on the way out Scott had grabbed a black collar with
a lock, a soft, long rope, and a matching black leash.
	Scott and Mark walked off the porch and around the side of the
house where they had seen Susan going.  Scott looked around, and spotting
Susan's tracks, followed them into the woods, with Mark in tow.
	Meanwhile, Susan was steadily watching them from a tree she had
climbed after carefully back-tracking her steps to where she was perched.
She laughed softly to herself as Scott and Mark passed directly below
her.  As soon as they were passed she climbed down and took off in the
opposite direction, taking extreme satisfaction in their misdirection.
	  She walked back around the house again, and quietly circled
the gardening shed.  Then hearing  what she thought was the sound of
Scott and Mark nearby, she froze, and peered around the side of the
shed.  Nothing.  It must have been a branch or a pine cone hitting
the ground.
	The next second, all hell broke loose.  In any other situation
it would have seemed funny.  Susan tripped over the cat.  Their cat,
which had been stalking around the shed after her, had come up behind her
and rubbed against her legs.  She was startled, and whipped around to
see what it was, and tripped.  The cat let out a loud "MMMRRRROW!" of
protest and ran.  Susan also let out a sharp "Oh!" which echoed through
the forest around her.  Picking herself off of the ground, she surveyed
the damage.  She had skinned her knee, and ripped a hole in the back of
her shorts.  The hole of course, had ripped in a most incriminating
place, across the entire back of her butt on one side.  She shook her
head mentally scolding herself for being so clumsy.  Then, knowing that
her cry must have been heard, she turned and ran toward a large clump of
trees.  Reaching the trees, she caught her breath for a moment and
pricked her ears, straining for the sound of her pursuers.  Hearing nothing,
she continued on.
	She chose a new direction and wondered down a narrow path surrounded
by trees.  Suddenly, as she passed one of the trees, a hand reached out
and grabbed her roughly by the arm.  She gasped, managing to surpress a
scream as she was yanked toward the owner of the hand and a jacket went
over her head.
"Hold still,"  Scott growled, knowing full well that she would continue
struggling anyway.  He grunted, as she managed to kick out at him and
nearly hit Mark in the shins.  He grabbed the rope off of his belt and
holding her arms over her head, tied them to each other and then to a
low hanging branch, letting her dangle so that her toes just touched the
dirt and leaves below.  Then he took the jacket off of her head.
	Susan glared at him, her heart still pounding rapidly from
the startling capture.  In truth, she was enjoying every moment of
it, a fact that was well known between the two of them.  Dangling there,
a the mercy of his every whim, she felt herself getting wet.  She
wanted him to use her, to make her cum, to please himself....
	Very deliberately, Scott reached up and pulled her tank top
out of her shorts and up, over her breasts.  He left it on her, bunched
up over her breasts, but below her arm pits.  Then he deftly unbuttoned
her shorts and let them drop down around her ankles.   The cooling
air felt good against her bare skin and she moved, ever so slightly
in the direction of his hand.  He laughed harshly and pulled a bandana
out of his pocket which he used to blindfold her.
	Susan felt them circling her and two pairs of hands ran fingers
over her body.  The same fingers pinched her nipples until they were
as hard as pebbles, and roughly ran over her buttocks and labial lips.
Susan could feel her juices almost running down her legs, as she got
closer and closer to climax.  Then, all hands were withdrawn.  She
moaned loudly in frustration and was rewarded with a sharp slap on
the rear.  All was quite for a few moments as she wriggled in frustration,
trying unsucessfully to bring herself to orgasm.
Whish-crack!  The sound came slowly like the whistling of the wind, and
then the crack like thunder.
	Susan jumped instinctively at the sound although she was not
able to identify it.  A moment later it came to her, as the pain from
the branch stroke seared it's way across her bottom.  He had hit her
with a clean branch he had borrowed from a nearby tree.  The pain
spread through her body as a welt raised on her bottom.  Whish-crack!
The branch fell again and again until the lines on her bottom chris-
crossed and connected.
	Instinctively, she spread her legs.  The pain and the heat coursing
through her body inflamed her desire and made her feel empty.  She wanted
to feel Scott (or anyone!) inside of her so much, it was almost more painful
than the branch.  She wanted him to thrust into her hard, over and over to
bring her over the edge of orgasm.  But he didn't.  He knew what she
wanted.  And he wanted to let her wait.
	Before she even knew what was happening the whipping had stopped
and her hands were untied.  She stood there uncertain, waiting to see
what would happen next.  Nothing happened.  The woods around her were
silent.  Hesitantly she reached up and pulled off the blindfold.  She
was alone.  Confused, she looked around and looked at her watch.  There
was still 20 minutes on the clock.  They must be giving her another
chance to escape and win.
	Quickly, she took off in the direction of the house.  Susan
carefully circled the house, looking for any sign of Scott and Mark.
She did not see them anywhere.  She looked at her watch again.  Only
5 more minutes and she would be the winner!  Susan contemplated that
as she stared toward the house.  Did she really want to win?  When
she through about it, she decided that she really did not want to.
She wanted to lose.
	She was so lost in her thoughts and fantasies, she never even
heard Mark come up behind her, until he grabbed her wrists.  She yelped
with the sudden shock and he twisted her wrists behind her back and
held them tightly together.
"That's not fair," she muttered, feebly, trying not to show the fact
that he'd scared the dickens out of her.
"Who ever said life was fair," he answered, grinning at her.  "Now come
on."
"Where are we going?" Susan questioned.  Mark didn't answer, he simply
grinned evilly at her and propelled her toward the house.
THE INTERNAL LIFE
The difference between a blow dryer and a flame thrower?
You make the call.
Something to do with tactics...
A firm grasp of the obvious.
Another stunning victory for the uncunning,
The glass jaw of defeat.
In the international magazine shop, the proprietor plays
The World's Worst Ethnic Music, volume two.
His lucky tape.
My favorite genre of music: pointless noodling.
Or rather, Pointillist Mood Ring.
Yours too?  Whatta team!
Nobody promised us beauty--the stairway
To the apartment caked with paint the color of a toothache.
Nothing you would have tolerated in a fire escape
Half a lifetime ago.  Sorry sweetie.
Now your working life is half over and what've you got?
A chicken in every pot and not a pot to piss in
And the good taste not to waste your wishes on realism.
Saving grace that the internal life lasts longer than long:
Stars shall fall from the sky,
Ibuprofen bottles shall pop their childproof caps!
But not yet, maybe not even soon.
What fun would that be?  What challenge?
After work you hear:
"Anchor Steam is to me what spinach is to Popeye."
Ain't nobody's business if I say
Outside the Art Factory all the young painters
Owe themselves a living,
Lined up dressed in black, praying
      God I hope my grant comes through
      God I hope my grant comes through--
Money destined for names everybody already knows.
Next up, the firing squad,
A better bad movie,
A widget, a mouse-trap, a paradigm, a school.
A trend, if we're lucky.
Sunday  October 28, 1990  5:45 pm  SF Coffee Co.
David Fox
DO WHAT YOU LOVE AND THE MONEY WILL FOLLOW, IF YOU VISUALIZE A RICH
RELATIVE (WHO LIKES YOU) DYING REAL SOON NOW
Let's talk data.
You're DBased. All sorted out. All out of sorts.
More debris from the Information Age
Scattershot rattletrap ricochet all the way home.
The usual "chew on this, buddy."
Very infotaining.
The word "networking" has aquired so many meanings
It now means everything.
So give it up, give in to it.
There's twelve steps out there somewhere
That address your particular problem.
As opposed to that dweeb over there,
Who imagines himself an information surfer in mid-dude-ism,
But in a parallel reality
He's just a guy with an ulcer for a job,
A flycasting wannabe
With a Sharper Image catalog for an imagination.
"Watch the undertow, buddy.
Watch the undertow. "
We didn't make this world, so we'll have to lie to it.
Is it resume time? We'll let you know.
News is not reported, it is released
Wicked as a spitball. Write a personals ad:
"Desperate seeking insanely desperate. Someone
Who will take me."
Upload it to the on-line service. She'll buy it.
Why not? She's a consumer.
Dinner, drinks, dancing, and maybe later,
Date-rape.
That's the way business is done. It's a career,
Not your life or anything. Now bend over.
With enough coke it can even seem like pleasure.
But don't forget to count them beans. Keep your receipts.
The city is just a conduit for business.
Plug and play. Plug away.
Spelunk your synapses for the next innovation:
Misfire or mismanagement. Rising stars go nova,
Then you're out on your ass. Resume time!
Jerk your fingers to the known. You've got connections.
Work them puppies!
So there it is:
The state of the art, the state of the states.
All wired up and nothing to know.
We'll get back to you.
Wednesday  November 7, 1990  11:12 pm
David Fox
FUNEREAL:
A word from another age, an age of
What? Property? Propriety?
To us it's all Zagnut bars and Rice Krispies:
"First, you harvest the rice. Then..."
The new term for bus is "crack shuttle,"
And let's not get into the MicroChannel(tm)
Versus Extended Industry Standard Architecture bit, okay?
With computers, I'll take the chip
And let everything else fall where it may,
As if performance were speed and speed only.
Spinelli's espresso,
A dog so nervous, even his pecker jitters.
To work downtown, you not only have to do the job,
But be pretty enough for them, and wear the right clothes.
You have to talk the talk, and walk the talk,
A real no-brainer. Duh-on-a-stick.
Precision is greatly overrated:
I say close enough for jazz, close enough for government work.
Just round the tax I owe
Up to the nearest o-let's-say ten thousand.
Don't deal with decimals. That part of the brain is dead.
So let's mourn it now, the death of calculation.
Ten hours of silence, a nice round number.
We've got vending machines full of Zagnut bars for the engineers And
accountants, so nobody else needs to count out change.
Sunday  November 4, 1990  4:11 pm  SF Coffee Co.
David Fox
HARDWIRED
In the desert, the boring desert the jarhead sleeps tonight.
Dream on, white boy. Wake me up when I'm over it.
Back here at home where he used to vote
All the good causes are lined up and down the street:
Feed the homeless dinner tonight, stop US militarism, stop
Prop pick a number, any number.
"I don't want to argue, I just want you to agree with me."
The perfect marriage of the Harvard School of Business MBA
And the U of Anyold MFA:
An economy based on weapons that don't work.
The usual revenge of the second rate.
We've gotta blow up some tanks so we can build more.
"Stick with me, kid, you'll go
Bankrupt."  The Savings and Loans have all closed down,
But the ATMs are everywhere. Now they've got your address,
Next they'll have you pissing in a jar.
The proof is in the putting
Out, putting down, putting off. It's always been put up and shut up
Or shut down the whole operation.
A shut off valve is needed, is blown.
A whole generation that grew up in video arcades,
And would rather shoot down aircraft
Than shoot off their mouths?  I can hardly believe that.
Between the neo-urbane musings of the pols
And the foul mouthings of the unleashed mentally ill,
The have-nots ask the almost-have-nots for change.
You don't want change.
You're one paycheck away yourself.
The work would be hilarious if it didn't kill you. No ideas but in
Excuses, if the good ones aren't all spoken for.
Between the quick and the dead and the quicker and the quicklime,
Hell, there must be hundreds of ways to turn a desert
Into glass.
Tuesday  November 13, 1990  8:28 pm
David Fox
BENDING THE ELECTIONEER
Kathleen was quoting somebody when she said
     "You can't swing a dead cat by the tail in San Francisco
      Without hitting somebody with a nose ring"
And I meant to ask "Is that the law
Or just a statistical analysis?"
In the mail ten pounds of Voter Information
I don't want to read.
What do you expect in a state whose history starts out
Like a small Latin American country then turns
Into a cartoon?
The candidates don't matter.
Its all those propositions, home-brewed law.  Gotta study up.
BackEastDownSouth we used the familiar formula:
Vote and complain, vote and complain.
We're in reverse:
How much participation can we stand?
"The voters wanted it": the perfect excuse
When our pols run for elsewhere office and want to sound-byte
          less liberal.
Such individuals that rise to serve!
Why would we want to ignore them?
Sunday  October 28, 1990  8:01 pm
David Fox
URBANISH ENTHUSIASMS
You can respect anything, but awe just happens.
I'm living proof I'll live through this
But what does that prove?
No end to view it from but now,
Or now
Or now...like outtasight, but hardly insight.
Might as well be the jerk
And heave of industrial parts
If you're actually gonna drink that yellow drool
Straight from the faucet.
We do not endure the city, we are it,
Bile, backwash, and look! what a view!
I can hardly believe that's us too--
The pyramid lit up, skinny sky-finger
Finger fucks the clouds,
Gives god and everybody the finger.
I'd second that, if there weren't already such a crowd,
But look what it is!
Brighter than stars!  And closer!
If we could only breathe this crap, it'd be paradise.
Monday  October 22, 1990  12:00 am  SFCC, 10:05 pm
David Fox
ANOTHER GODDESS POEM
Whatcha gonna do when honeybunny goes Flake-O?
As Senator Don Riegle Jr. of Michigan
Once said in a tape-recorded conversation with an aide:
"I--I--God, I feel such super love for you.
By the way, the newsletter should start arriving."
No anti-bodies for this disease, no sir.
No wuss this.
"Healing wounds all times,
What you don't hurt won't know you..."
Just do the gig, okay Nancy?
The lesbian dressed biker-butch and I cruise the same
Women--too young for either of us--
Outside SF Coffee Co., the sun
On the coffee-stained sidewalk, face sides, school folding chairs.
Learn something why doncha?
"If I want your opinion, I'll beat it outta ya."
We laughed at that--in sickness, health.  Vice inverse-o.
O, we can buy books from the happiness industry,
We can pay cash money for counseling,
We can really spend some time on what's really wrong with us...
We can grow into it:
The perfect mate.
Or what the hell, just visualize it.  Nice try.  Instead it's:
"I feel such super love for you I could buy you
A mirror, cheaper than a coffin."
You send me my stuff, through friends, in a bag.
I send you your stuff.  Same bag, different friends.
On the sidewalk, on a folding chair custom designed
For a howling pain in the ass,
She sips coffee, squirms in her leathers,
Reads another page of another book on
The One True Goddess.
Burps loud.  Says "'Scuse ME."
Sunday  October 14, 1990  4:50 pm SFCC
Wednesday  October 17, 1990  9:14 pm
David Fox
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven
 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560
                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
THE STORY OF THE DRAGONS OF GEMS:
-ASTINUS OF PALANTHAS
	FRODRICK WAS ONE OF THE HIGH OGRES OF KRYNN THAT WERE CALLED IRDA.  IN
THE PAST, HE CAME TO ME LOOKING FOR A JOB BECAUSE HE WAS A PRIEST OF GILEAN AND
ONE OF THE RESPONSIBILITY OF PRIESTS OF GILEAN IS TO SERVE A LIBRARY, COURT,
OR OTHER SIMILAR PLACE.  I OFFERED HIM ONE AS A SCRIBE AND RESEARCHER FOR ME.
I SOON CAME TO LEARN THAT HE WAS ALSO A GREAT MAGIC-USER AND EXTRAORDINARILY
INTELLIGENT.
	ONE DAY HE WAS GOING THROUGH ONE OF THE MANY BOOKS IN MY LIBRARY WHEN
HE STUMBLED ON SOMETHING THAT CAUSED A STROKE OF GENIUS IN HIM.  HE WAS READING
ABOUT THE GRAYGEM.  "THE GEM ALTERED EVERYTHING IT CAME IN CONTACT WITH."
HE HAD A STROKE OF GENIUS.  HE TOLD ME, "WHAT ABOUT THE DRAGONS?"  I PONDERED
UPON THIS AND I REALLY HAD NO IDEA.  THE GREAT MAGE FISTANDANTILUS GAVE ME THE
DEVICE OF PRESENT TIME PASSING RIGHT BEFORE THE DWAFGATE WARS ( 39 AC ),AND THE
THE TIME OF THE GRAYSTONE WAS AROUND 3100 PC.  ALMOST EVERYTHING BEFORE THE WAR
I HAD TO DO MY OWN MANUAL RESEARCH TO FIND OUT.  SO I TOLD HIM TO GO ON AND FIND
OUT FOE HIMSELF.  THE ISLAND OF THE IRDAFOLK IS PART OF THE DRAGON ISLES CHAIN, 
SO I FELT THAT HE WOULD BE THE BEST MAN FOT THE JOB ANYWAY.  
SO HE MADE HIS PREPARATIONS AND WAS OFF ON HIS WAY.  ONE OF THE GIFTS TO IRDA
IS THE ABILITY TO SHAPECHANGE INTO ANY HUMANOID FORM THEY KNOW.  HE FIRST
CHANGED INTO A KYRIE, A RACE OF WINGED BIRD-MEN, AND FLEW TO THE NORTHERN TIP
OF THE CAPE OF NORDMARR.  NEXT, HE CHANGED INTO THAT OF A TRITON AND SWAM OVER
TO JAENTARTH, ONE OF THE MAGICAL DRAGON ISLES.  ON IT FRODRICK FOUND A COLONY
OF SHADOWPEOPLE.  IN ORDER TO GAIN THEIR FULL TRUST, HE SHAPECHANGED INTO ONE
OF THEIR KIND.  WITH MUCH DIGGING, HE FOUND OUT THAT THERE WAS A LEGEND OF
THEIRS:  THEIR IS AN ISLAND NEARBY THAT IS SURROUNDED BY A GRAY MIST.  THEY 
SAID THAT ONLY A FOLLOWER OF GILEAN, THE BOOK OF KNOWLEGE, COULD ENTER IT.
IT WAS THEN THAT FRODRICK REVEALED TO THEM HIS TRUE IDENTITY.  THEY REALIZED
THAT THE LEGEND MUST BE TRUE.  THEY TOLD FRODRICK WHERE THE ISLAND WAS TO BE
FOUND.  HE BID THEM FAREWELL AND WAS OFF ON HIS WAY.  HIS QUEST MUST WAIT, THIS
WAS A PRIME OPPROTUNITY FOR HIM TO FUTHER HIS ETHOS.  LITTLE DID HE KNOW THAT
HE WAS DOING BOTH AT ONCE.  
	HE FINALLY MADE IT TO THE THE MIST.  HE AND ONLY HE COULD SEE PAST THE
MIST, THOUGH.  HE SAW TEN GARGANTUAN, MOUNTAIN-LIKE FORMS COMING OUT OF THE
WATER.  THEY WERE ALL IN THE SHAPES OF BEAUTIFUL GEM-CARVED STATUES OF DRAGONS!
THERE WERE TWO OF EACH TYPE: CRYSTAL, TOPAZ, EMERALD, SAPHIRE, AND, THE MOST
BEAUTIFUL OF ALL, SAPHIRE. FRODRICK WALKED INTO THE MIDDLE OF THEM ALL AND 
CLUTCHED THE GRAY MEDALLION AT HIS NECK: THE MEDALLION OF GILEAN.  IT GLOWED A
BRILLIANT GRAY AND SOON SURROUNDED THE ENTIRE CIRCLE OF DRAGON-STATUES WITH THE
LIGHT OF KNOWLRGE.  THE STATUES STARTED TO MOVE!  THEN, THEY ALL IN TURN CAME
TO LIFE!  FRODRICK DROPPED TO HIS KNEES IN REVERENCE.  THE GREAT MALE AMETHYST
DRAGON APPROACHED FRODRICK AND SAID, "ARISE FRODRICK."
	FRODRICK ROSE AND REPLIED, "HOW?  WHY?"
	"WHEN THE GRAYGEM WAS RELEASED THE FIRST THING THAT HAPPENED WAS THE 
BONDING OF THE SOULS OF THE DRAGONS OF KRYNN.  THE WHITE AND BRASS DRAGON'S
SOULS CAME TOGETHER TO FORM THE CRYSTAL DRAGONS.  THE BLACK AND COPPER'S CAME
TOGETHER TO FORM THE TOPAZ DRAGONS.  THE GREEN AND BRONZE'S CAME TOGETHER TO
FORM THE EMERALD DRAGONS.  THE BLUE AND SILVER'S CAME TOGETHER TO FORM THE 
SAPPHIRE DRAGONS.  AND THE RED AND GOLD'S CAME TOGETHER TO FORM THE AMETHYST
DRAGONS.  THE ORIGINAL DRAGONS ON KRYNN - THE CHROMATIC AND METALLIC DRAGONS -
WERE TAKHISIS' AND PALADINE'S GIFTS TO KRYNN; THEREFORE, FOR US GEM DRAGONS TO
COME TO LIFE, WE HAD TO HAVE THE DIRECT BLESSINGS OF GILEAN, THE PATRIARCH OF
THE GODS OF NEUTRALITY.  THROUGH YOU, JUST NOW, GILEAN HAS GIVEN US HIS
BLESSINGS OF LIFE AND KNOWLEGE.  WE ARE THE NEUTRAL DRAGONS. BY GIVING US LIFE,
YOU HAVE TRULY PLEASED GILEAN.  HE HAS TOLD ME TO GIVE YOU TWO GREAT GIFTS:
1.) I WILL GIVE YOU ONE OF THE GREATEST POWERS OF THE MIND. PSIONICS.
2.) I WILL ACCOMPANY YOU WHEREVER YOU GO AND BE YOUR AID AND PROTECTOR FOR 
GILEAN HAS MADE YOU HIS CHOSEN ONE TO FURTHER HIS CHURCH."
	AND SO FRODRICK AND MAKHIKAN, THE GREAT AMETHYST DRAGON, TRAVELED BACK
TO ME.  TOGETHER THEY BUILT ONTO MY LIBRARY A GREAT TEMPLE AND COURT. AND NOW
FRODRICK, STARMASTER OF GILEAN, HAS FULLFILLED THE PROPHECY OF THE DRAGONS OF
THE GEMS....-....:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
:   Earth's Dreamlands    :  Info on: RPG's,  :(313)558-5024 : area code    :
:RPGNet World HQ & Archive: Drugs, Industrial :(313)558-5517 : changes to   :
:  1000's of text files   :  music, Fiction,  :InterNet      : (810) after  :
:   No Elite / No porn    :   HomeBrew Beer.  :rpgnet@aol.com: Dec 1,1993   :
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
THE GIRL OF THE MONTH CLUB
Colin Campbell
	I was already late for work but when I opened the door a 
Transcontinental Courier delivery driver was in the hall 
about to knock on my door. 
	"Are you William Wood?" said the courier.
	"Yes," I said. "What's going on?"
	"This is for you."  He pushed a handcart into my 
apartment and expertly flipped an ovoid shell of 
thermoplastic off the cart. It slid on a flattened bottom 
side and stopped at my feet just inside the door. It was 
about the size of a beer barrel  	
	"Please sign here." He held a clipboard toward me.
	"What is it?" I said. 
	"Are you William Wood?"
	"Well, yes, but I didn't order--"
	"Then it's for you." The courier grabbed my right hand 
and pressed my thumb onto a print plate before I could react, 
then trotted away down the hall.
	"Hey, wait a minute," I said, but he'd rounded the 
corner pulling the handcart. "I didn't order anything like 
this," I yelled after him.
	The building manager came around the corner in his 
electric golf cart just as I yelled. He squinted down at the 
