he asked Captain Memory. The Captain just rolled his eyes upward
and made little spinning motions around his temple with his
forefinger.
     "Oh, wow," the Fly went on. "So is this guy, like, crazy, or
what?"
     "Well, you know how it is," Captain Memory explained, not
unsympathetically. "Some people just don't deal well with travel.
It's too stressful for them. It upsets their systems."
     "Oh, wow," said the Fly compassionately. "Poor guy."
     Ernie was annoyed. "Awright, you guys, knock it off, okay? I
mean, enough is enough, all right?" Actually, he thought there was
probably quite a bit of truth to what Captain  Memory had been
saying. The stress probably WAS upsetting his system. However, even
if he agreed with what the Captain had to say, he resented his tone
of voice.
     "So, like, what are we gonna do now, guys?" the Fly wanted to
know.
     "Well," the Captain began jovially. "I guess we'll just have
to follow the..."
     "DON'T SAY IT!" Ernie broke in. "Okay?! Just don't say it!"
     "Touchy, touchy," sniffed Sterno.
     Captain Memory was somewhat taken aback. "Well...have it your
way. Let's go that way." He gestured down the road.
     The Fly shook his head. "I shoulda known. Anybody who'd wear
a loincloth like that..." He noticed Ernie glaring at him, and
stopped. "Hey, no offense..." He shrugged.
     Ernie scowled.
     They began walking down the road. Ernie peered ahead. Far
ahead down the road, he seemed to see something large and green.
Big and green?, Ernie thought. Is that, the Emerald...?
     Suddenly, Ernie had an idea. He stopped, clicked his heels
together three times, clenched his eyes tightly shut, and said
"There's no place like home. There's no place like home. There's no
place like home!"
     He opened his eyes. The other three were standing around him,
staring. "What is WRONG with you?!" Sterno demanded.
     Ernie was acutely aware of everyone watching him. "I'm having
a bad day, okay?" he said defensively. "Just leave me alone!" He
began walking forward again, quickly.
     "My, aren't we sensitive today!" Sterno said snidely.
     The Fly shook his head sadly. "The human mind is such a
fragile thing!"
     They proceeded down the road. The green object in the distance
began to resolve itself into some kind of building. Ernie continued
to be very unhappy about the entire situation, but decided he was
sick of being made fun of, and said nothing.
     They approached the green building. It was done in Greek-
revival style, with huge Classical columns in the front. "Hey, it's
a bank!" noticed the Fly. "Do you suppose I can cash a check?"
     The letters carved into the Greek-style pediment of the
building did, in fact, identify it as a bank. Ernie was confused.
He hadn't expected to find a bank here.
      "Why would there be a bank here?" Ernie asked incredulously.
     Captain Memory regarded the building. "Looks like we might
have run into a piece of somebody's business program. Accounting,
or bank operations or something." He shook his head. "That's what
happens when you start sticking a bunch of unrelated systems
together. You never know WHAT you're going to wind up with!"
     They proceeded up the long, marble stairway and entered the
bank. The interior was huge and very ornate, done in Victorian
style. Everything seemed antique, as though the bank were right out
of the 19th century. They walked up to a row of teller's windows,
each of which was protected by elaborate Victorian grillwork. 
     The Fly pulled a very nice quality leather checkbook out of
his suit pocket. "Hey," he said to the teller, a rather prim-
looking young woman. "Can you cash a check?"
     "I'm sorry, we can't." She didn't really seem to be sorry at
all. "We can't do anything right now.  Our computers are down."
     Ernie looked around. He saw men at high desks carefully
copying numbers with long quill pens. Nowhere was there any sign of
electricity, much less computers. "You don't have any computers,"
Ernie said suspiciously.
     The teller's expression turned ugly. "Well, we're still not
going to cash your check," she snapped.
     "Why not?" The Fly wanted to know.
     "We can't do any business. Our...our accountant has gone
crazy!" she concluded triumphantly.
     Ernie looked at the teller suspiciously. Something very
peculiar was going on here. However, he decided not to say anything
about it because he didn't want to be made fun of.
     "I wanna talk to the manager," the Fly decided.
     "Good," the teller sneered. "The manager would like to talk to
all of you, RIGHT NOW!"
     The teller came out from behind the counter and led them all
into a room which looked very much like a bank office. There,
behind a very large desk, sat a disagreeable-looking old woman with
a sour expression. Ernie somehow knew that the woman had something
unpleasant in mind for them.
     "Well, it's about time!" she snapped as they entered the room.
"There's a little matter of an unpaid balance to be taken care of!"
     Ernie looked at the woman. She was wearing a severely tailored
grey suit, with her greying hair pulled back in a tight bun. For
some reason, however, she was wearing shoes that didn't match her
outfit. They were a brilliant, sparkling red.
     The Fly approached the desk. "Hey, I got this check..."
     "Just one minute!" The manager cut him off rudely. "There's a
little matter to be taken care of first!" She pulled out a sheaf of
papers. "We have an invoice here for `Time Continuum Repair and
Reality Maintenance' which was referred to our department for non-
payment. Which of you is going to take care of this matter?"
     Sterno was becoming impatient. "What ARE you talking about?"
     The manager began reading from the papers. "It seems there was
a little problem with cigars butts left at four billion B.C."
Ernie glared at Sterno, who looked innocently off into the air,
twiddling his thumbs. "It seems these foreign materials left at
such an early point caused slime creatures to evolve into the
dominant life form on Earth. Precluding this disgusting development
required a maintenance order which took, let me see," she flipped
through the pages and pulled out a sheet marked "Work Order". "Here
it is: one million, two hundred and fifty-two thousand and three
standard Earth years, and forty-five minutes. Now, at $39.75 per
hour, plus time-and-a-half for overtime, and double-time on
Sundays, that comes to," she flipped through some more pages "One
hundred and ninety-five quadrillion, four hundred and twelve
trillion, seven hundred and seventy-one billion, two hundred and
thirteen million, three hundred and twelve thousand and thirty-two
dollars and twenty-nine cents." She peered at Captain Memory.
"Would you like to take care of this balance at this time?"
     Captain Memory shrugged. "Don't look at me! I don't have any
money."
     The manager peered at the Fly, who looked uncomfortable. "Hey,
sorry, but I got obligations, you know? I got car payments, I gotta
pay the rent..." He trailed off.
     The bank manager looked at Ernie. Ernie laughed. This was all
just too ridiculous. "Sure, put it on my charge," he said
flippantly.
     The bank manager smiled maliciously. "Mr. Ernest Ross," she
said in an disagreeable tone of voice, carefully writing his name
on the invoice with a quill pen.
     Captain Memory looked at Ernie, horrified. "Oh, you shouldn't
have said that," he said in an ominous tone.
     Ernie began to get the feeling that maybe he had made a big
mistake. The bank manager looked up at him. "Now, when may we
expect payment?"
     Ernie looked desperately to the others. They were all
pointedly ignoring him. "Look," he said urgently. "Forget I said
that, okay? I take it back!"
     "Oh, I'm sorry," she said in a tone of malicious sweetness.
"I'm afraid you can't do that. Now, will you be paying in cash or
by check?"
     "A hundred and ninety-five quadrillion dollars," said the Fly
wonderingly. "That's a lot of money. That's more than I make in a
week!"
     Ernie was beginning to panic. "No! I won't! Forget it! I'm not
going to pay that bill!" 
     "You'll pay this bill, my fine little friend," the bank
manager cackled. "Or I'll take care of you," she looked at Sterno,
"and your little dog, too!" She laughed nastily.
     "What a witch!" the Fly commented.
     Suddenly, Ernie had a brilliant idea. He grabbed a vase of
flowers off the desk, yanked the flowers out of it, and threw the
water all over the bank manager.
     "Eeyah!" she screamed. "I'm all wet!"
     The Fly looked at Ernie wonderingly. "Why in the world did you
do that?"
     Ernie looked at the bank manager. She was glaring and hissing
at him, water dripping off her face. She was not melting at all.
Ernie became uncomfortably aware of everyone staring at him. "Uh,
well, I thought..." Ernie stuttered.
     "You'll have to excuse our friend," Captain Memory ad-libbed
quickly. "It's the stress, you see. Financial problems. He's not
coping..." The three began hustling Ernie towards the door.
     The bank manager arose, hissing and spitting. "You haven't
heard the last of this," she shrieked. "You'll see!
     The four rushed quickly through the bank and back out onto the
road. The stopped to get their bearings.
     "Well, I hope you're satisfied," Sterno said contemptuously to
Ernie. "You've really made a mess of things now!"
     "Me!" cried Ernie. "Hey, I'm not the one who left those cigar
butts back in four billion B.C. It's not MY fault..."
     "Oh, sure," Sterno interrupted. "Try and blame it on me..."
     "Hey, guys!" the Fly broke in. "Look at that!" 
     The Fly's huge, multi-faceted eyes had picked up a detail the
others had failed to notice: behind the bank was a small, flat-
roofed brick building. A neon sign proclaimed: Deer Bar. There was
a large picture of a deer beneath it.
     "Hey, guys, it's a bar!" the Fly continued. "Whaddya say we
stop in for a drink? Hey, maybe we can meet some girls!"
     The others looked at each others confusedly. "Hey, it's okay,
guys!" The Fly went on. "I'll buy!"
     Captain Memory looked relieved. "Well, in that case, sure!
Thanks!" They all started towards the bar.
     Ernie was finding all of this very confusing. Every time he
thought he was beginning to understand what was going on, events
took a turn in an entirely different direction. Wasn't this
supposed to be the Emerald City? He didn't recall any bars in the
Emerald City! And what about that bank? And what happened to Judy
Garland? They entered the bar. Well, Ernie thought. I'm not sure if
this is a good idea or not, but I could really use a drink.
     Ernie found the interior of the bar reassuring. It was cool
and dark. It looked like a typical corner bar, with a typical
corner bartender. In one corner behind the bar a TV set was
mounted, but luckily it was turned off. There were few other
customers in the place, but, of course, business was always kind of
slow in the middle of the day. They seated themselves at the bar.
     They bartender, a portly, balding man smoking a cigar, came up
to them. "What'll you have?"
     "What kind of beer you got?" The Fly wanted to know.
     "Deer."
     "Deer?" The Fly was puzzled.
     "Deer Beer," the bartender stated matter-of-factly. "This is
the Deer Bar, we got Deer Beer. You want it or not?"
     "Uh, yeah, okay," the Fly replied, somewhat confused. "Uh,
three Deer Beers."
     Ernie looked at the Fly. It occurred to him that no-one around
here seemed at all disturbed by the Fly's looks. That seemed to a
bit odd. He would have expected the Fly to have attracted somewhat
more attention.  But then on the other hand, Ernie thought, it
probably didn't mean anything. After all, everything is pretty
strange around here. Ernie appreciated the opportunity to relax and
have a beer.
     The Fly pointed into the darkness at the far end of the bar.
"Hey, get a load of that babe!" he said to Ernie, his antennae
waving excitedly. 
     Ernie peered intently. He could just barely see, in the dim
light, a rather disreputable-looking young woman with bleached
blond hair and a skimpy outfit, perched on a stool at the far end
of the bar.
     "What's your name, dear?" The Fly called out to her.
     "Bambi," she replied.
     The Fly was encouraged. "Hey, whaddya say we..."
     "Cost you bucks," she interrupted.
     The Fly's antennae drooped dispiritedly. "How come there
aren't any nice girls around anymore?" He turned back to his beer.
     Sterno looked about worriedly. He sniffed. "Something smells
very peculiar around here."
     "Probably just onions." Ernie was unconcerned. 
     "Hardly!" sniffed Sterno. "There is something seriously wrong
about this place!"
     "NOW who's paranoid?" Ernie dismissed Sterno's fears.
     Just then the door to the bar opened, and a woman walked in.
She had flaming red hair, and was wearing a 1950's-style party
dress. "Hi, there, fellas!" she said loudly.
     "HI!" The Fly jumped up, his antennae waving excitedly. "Say,
can I buy you a drink?"
     "Sure!" she answered in a brassy voice. Ernie looked at the
woman. Not my type, he thought. Too loud. He looked at her again.
Something about her seemed very familiar. Ernie was sure he had
seen her before, but he couldn't quite remember where.
     "Gee!" she said to the Fly. "You sure are different-looking!
Where are you from?"
      The Fly thought quickly. "Uh..France!"
     "Oh, sure, I know France!" the woman answered brightly. "Ooh-
la-la, c'est-la-vie, Eiffel Tower, right?"
     "Sure, you got it!" The Fly whispered aside to the others. "Oh
boy, oh boy, I'm really getting somewhere now!" He turned back to
the woman. "So, like, what's your name?"
     "Lucy," she answered loudly. The door opened again, and a
swarthy man with slicked-back black hair entered. He was wearing a
Cuban shirt with huge ruffled sleeves, and carrying a pair of
maracas. The woman gestured towards the man. "And this is my
husband, Ricky."
     "Aww..." the Fly's antennae drooped.
     "How you do!" said the man, with a heavy Spanish accent. "I'm
Ricky Ricardo, de famous Cuban bandleader." He shook his maracas
rhythmically. "Chick-a-boom, chick-a-boom."
     "Yeah. Hi." the Fly answered glumly. He turned to the others.
"Wouldn't you know, she's married." He was obviously deeply
disappointed. He brightened a bit. "Say," he said to Lucy. "You
wouldn't happen to have any girlfriends you could ask over, do
you?"
     "Friends?" said Lucy shrilly. "Sure, I got friends. In fact,
a couple of them are on there way over right now!"
     The Fly was thrilled. "Oh boy, oh boy!" His antennae waved
excitedly. He turned to Ricky. "Hey, I like the shirt, guy! It's
the new `in' thing, right?"
     "Chure!" Ricky agreed. "Ees de latest style in Habana!"
     The door opened, and in walked an older couple, also dressed
in 1950's styles. "Oh," said Lucy. "Here's my friends now. Fellas,
this is Fred and Ethel Mertz."
     "Aww." The Fly was disappointed. These weren't the type of
friends he had been hoping for.
     Sterno leaned forward. "There is something terribly wrong with
these people," he said to Ernie and the Captain. "I can smell it."
     "Leave me alone," said Ernie. He hadn't forgiven Sterno for
blaming the bank problem on him.
     All these people looked terribly familiar to Ernie. Suddenly,
he had it!
     "I've got it!" he shouted.
     The Fly was more mystified than ever. "Now HE'S got it? What
is it, contagious?" He edged away from Ernie slightly.
     "No, not THAT!" said Ernie impatiently. "I just
remembered...it's `I Love Lucy'!"
     Lucy put her hand on Ernie's arm. "I love you, too." She said.
She edged closer. "Now that we're friends, I'd like to ask you a
little favor."
     "What?" asked Ernie suspiciously. 
     "It's just a little thing..." she began hesitantly.
     "What?" He edged away uncomfortably.
     "We'd just like to borrow it, just for a little while. We'll
bring it right back..."
     "What?!" Ernie was getting impatient.
     "Um," Lucy seemed a bit embarrassed. "We'd like to borrow your
brain."
     "MY BRAIN!" shrieked Ernie.
     "We just want to borrow it," said Lucy quickly. "Just for a
little while. We're not going to steal it!" Lucy laughed nervously.
     "NO!" Ernie cried.
     "Really, you don't have anything to worry about!" Lucy
continued. "We're not going to take it back to our home planet, or
anything! And we're certainly not going to put it into a giant
killer robot and use it to take over the Earth!" She laughed. "We
would never do that!" She turned to Ricky and the Mertz's. "Would
we?"
     "Oh, no," they all laughed. "We'd never do that! Never!"
     "There, that proves it!" Lucy concluded. "So, how about it?"
She reached towards Ernie's head.
     "NO!" Ernie screamed, leaping off the bar stool. "Keep your
hands off my brain!" He whipped out his plastic broadsword and
brandished it menacingly.
     After standing there a few moments, Ernie became aware of
everyone looking at him very peculiarly.
     "Hey, guy," the Fly inquired. "Like, what are you gonna do
with that plastic sword?"
     Ernie could hear the sound of muffled laughter, but he
couldn't tell where it was coming from. Ernie glowered. "Okay,
okay," he said, replacing the sword in it's sheath. "Just keep your
hands off my brain, all right?"
     Lucy frowned. She looked at Sterno, and then looked at her
companions. "Dog brain?" she asked them. They all shook their
heads, no. She looked at the Fly. "Fly brain?" she asked Ricky and
the Mertz's. "Nope." They shook their heads. She looked at Captain
Memory. She smiled broadly. "I wonder if I could ask you a
favor..."she began.
     "No chance!" Captain Memory cut her off.
     Her expression became ugly. Extremely ugly. In fact, thought
Ernie, she was changing into just about the ugliest thing Ernie had
ever seen. Lucy snarled, revealing rows of pointed, reptilian-
looking teeth and a forked tongue.
     "Foolish Earth creatures!" she hissed, pulling out a
frightening-looking weapon. "You will turn your brains over to us,
or we will destroy this miserable planet of yours!"
     "Who ARE these people?" Ernie whispered to Captain Memory.
     "Remember I told you about those aliens?" Captain Memory
asked. Ernie nodded. "Well, here they are!"
     "Hey, guys, what do we do now?" the Fly asked Ernie and
Captain Memory, looking at Lucy's weapon uneasily.
     Captain Memory looked up brightly. "Hey," he said to Lucy and
her companions. "Wanna watch some TV?"
     Lucy and the other aliens were totally confused. "Watch TV? I
don't remember that! Is that in the script? What are we supposed to
do?" They looked at each other confusedly.
     "Oh, wow, look what's on!" Before anyone could stop him,
Captain Memory had reached behind the bar and turned on the TV.
"It's time for `Wheel of Torture!'"
                            CHAPTER 4
     An image of Sturmbannfuhrer Dr. Heinz von Liederkranz filled
the screen. "Vis us tonight," he began. "Ve haff our contestants
from our last show." He turned to introduce them. "First, Captain
Memory!" Captain Memory bowed, to polite applause from the
audience. "Goombah de Barbarian!" Ernie blinked and staggered. Once
again, he suddenly found himself on the game show stage. His
stomach flipped over once again. He hated these abrupt changes of
scene. "Not again," he moaned.
     Captain Memory shrugged. "Hey, that's show biz!"
     The audience was staring at Ernie. They seemed to be expecting
something. He smiled and waved half-heartedly. The audience
tittered and applauded weakly. Ernie noticed that the audience was
still made up entirely of Nazis.
     He sighed. He might have known he would wind up back here, he
thought. Whatever the worst thing is that could possibly happen,
that's what will happen. Ernie frowned. In fact, this was even the
worst thing that couldn't possibly happen, and it was happening
anyway! Wasn't that against Murphy's Law, or something? Anyway, it
was all very confusing.
     Von Liederkranz turned to the other side of the stage. Ernie
noticed that the aliens had been transported onto the game show as
well, and were now staggering and blinking, just like Ernie.
 "Und tonight, ve have vith us special guests," von Liederkranz
said, gesturing towards the aliens with his riding crop. "Lucy and
Ricky Ricardo, the famous Cuban bandleader, and their friends, Fred
and Ethel Mertz." Thunderous applause greeted the introduction.
     The aliens were utterly confused. "Chick-a-boom?" asked Ricky,
shaking his maracas feebly. The Mertz's drew alien weapons,
pointing them in all directions uncertainly.
     "Und now, ze big question," von Liederkranz said to the
aliens. "Vill you take vot's in dis bag," he held up a small paper
bag, which looked a lot like somebody's lunch. "Or try for vot's
behind door number four!"
     The audience was hushed with anticipation. The aliens looked
at each other in confusion. "What do we do? I wasn't prepared for
this! I don't know what to do!" they told each other.
     Captain Memory decided to help them out. "Anyone with any
BRAINS would take what's behind door number four!" he hinted.
     The aliens brightened. "Brains! Brains! Yes, that's it! Let's
take what's behind door number four!" They looked pleased. "Chick-
a-BOOM!" said Ricky definitely.
     "Door number four it is!" called out von Liederkranz. The
audience roared it's approval.
     An attractive woman in a chorus-girl outfit opened door number
four, and the aliens filed in, looking very pleased. As soon as the
last alien was inside, the door slammed with a metallic crash. The
chorus girl reached over and daintily locked it.
     Immediately, Ernie began to hear the sounds of commotion
coming from behind the door. At first, pounding, then thuds, then
shrill, blood-curdling screams. The screams continued for several
minutes, and then died away. Finally, all was silent behind door
number four.
     The audience applauded. "Vell," von Liederkranz announced
jovially. "Looks like dey got vot dey had coming to dem, doesn't
it?" He laughed. He turned to Ernie, Captain Memory, and the
others. Ernie noticed that, while their attention had been drawn
elsewhere, guards with machine guns had surrounded them. "Shtill,
it vas very considerate of dem to find you for me," he said, with
an evil gleam in his eye. "I vas afraid ve had lost you forever
after dat unfortunate incident vit de alien Blaster." Von
Liederkranz turned to the guard nearest him. "...for vhich YOU vill
pay, schweinhund!" He lashed the guard with his riding crop.
     "But, Herr Doktor," the guard protested. "I vasn't even
there!"
     "Shut up!" von Liederkranz snapped. He turned to Captain
Memory. "Und now, perhaps ve vill continue vith ze questions, ja?"
He smiled sadistically. "You remember vhere ve left off? Vis ze Hot
Vhirling Corkscrew?" 
     A guard handed von Liederkranz the by-now-familiar diabolical-
looking device, which began to glow and whirl. Von Liederkranz
smiled evilly. He began slowly advancing toward Captain Memory with
his device.
     Von Liederkranz was disturbed by the sound of a knock. He
looked around. There it was again; someone was knocking on the
stage door. Von Liederkranz was annoyed. "Answer ze door,
dummkopf!" he snapped at one of the guards. The guard opened the
door.
     "Mailman!" A fellow in a post office uniform walked in the
door. "Got a special delivery letter here!"
     Von Liederkranz narrowed his eyes suspiciously. "For who?"
     "Is there a `Mr. Ernest Ross' here?" 
     "Uh, that's me," Ernie said.
     "Here you go!" The mailman handed Ernie a letter.
     Everything stopped while Ernie opened the letter. Von
Liederkranz and the Nazis milled about confusedly.
     Ernie was totally mystified. Who could be sending him a
letter, here? Nobody knew he was here, and even if they did, why
would they send him a letter here? Ernie tore the letter open and
read.
     "Dear Mr. Ross,
          We still have not received payment on your outstanding
balance of  $195,412,771,213,312,032.29. This account is now two
billion years overdue. Do not force us to turn this matter over to
a collection agency. Send in your payment immediately, before we
are required to take further action.
Sincerely,
First National Bank of the West
P.S. If you have already sent in your payment, please disregard
this notice."
     Ernie looked up. Von Liederkranz was watching him very
carefully. Ernie had an idea. "Oops, looks like I gotta go pay a
bill! See ya!" Ernie started towards the door.
     "Not so fast!" Von Liederkranz blocked Ernie's path. "Give me
dot letter!" He snatched it out of Ernie's hand.
     Der Sturmbannfuhrer was very upset. How dare they interrupt
his game show to deliver a letter! And just exactly who was this
message from, anyway? And what did it really mean?
     Von Liederkranz examined the letter carefully. "Zo," he said
thoughtfully. "You owe ze bank one hundred and ninety-five
quadrillion dollars. Just as we thought!" Of course, it wasn't
really what he thought at all.
     The Nazi's eyes narrowed. "Zis one hundred and ninety-five
quadrillion dollars, it is a great deal of money, ja?"
     "Ja. I mean, yes," agreed Ernie.
     "It is more, even, than I make in a veek!" Von Liederkranz
eyed Ernie suspiciously. "Zo, how is it dot you come to owe zo much
money?"
     "Well, you see, there was this problem with cigar butts two
billion years ago," Ernie explained nervously. He didn't like the
Nazi's tone of voice, and he particularly didn't like the Hot
Whirling Corkscrew. "And then, we were at the bank, and I had to go
and open my big mouth, and so then..."
     "SCHWEINHUND!" Von Liederkranz whipped Ernie with the letter.
"Do you take me for a fool!? No-one could possibly owe zis much
money! Obviously, zis is some sort of secret code. Now, who vould
be sending you secret coded messages HERE, on mein own game show!?"
     Ernie looked pleadingly at Captain Memory; the Captain just
shrugged.
     Von Liederkranz continued reflectively. "Und how could zey
know vhere to find you vis zis message, unless..." He whirled to
face his guards. "One of YOU is a traitor!!"
     "Nein! Nein!" The guards blanched and backed away. Von
Liederkranz looked at the audience. "Or perhaps, one of YOU!"
     "NEIN! NEIN!" the audience cried out in unison, fidgeting
uncomfortably in their seats.
     Von Liederkranz advanced on the audience, the Hot Whirling
Corkscrew spinning and glowing in his hand. "Zo, you vill not
confess, eh!?" he shrieked at the audience. "Perhaps a taste of the
Corkscrew vill loosen your tongues!"
     Ernie felt a tap on his shoulder. Captain Memory beckoned
towards the back of the stage. All eyes were riveted on von
Liederkranz, and on the hissing, spinning torture device in his
hand. No-one was paying any attention to the foursome. They tiptoed
into the wings and back behind the stage. As they left, they began
to hear screams coming from somewhere in the audience.
     They hurried along the corridor leading to the dressing rooms
backstage. Unfortunately, there seemed to be no exits anywhere in
that part of the building. The only exits were through the main
floor, which would have required them to go back out onto the
stage. This did not seem like a very good idea. An empty dressing
room beckoned ahead of them. They hurried into it and locked the
door behind them. The screams were still audible inside the room.
     "Hey, guys," the Fly wanted to know. "Like, what are we gonna
do now?"
     Ernie sneezed. "I wish they wouldn't keep the air conditioning
turned up so high," he complained, shivering.
     "Well, if you're going to go around wearing  nothing but that
ridiculous fur loincloth, you have to expect to get a chill,"
commented Sterno unsympathetically. " We'd all feel a lot better if
you'd cover up some of that pallid skin of yours."
     "Hey, that's an idea!" the Fly chimed in. "This is a dressing
room! Maybe there's some clothes here you can wear!"
     That seemed like a good idea to Ernie. He'd been uncomfortably
cold ever since he'd put that silly loincloth on. He began looking
through the closet, but found only filmy negligees and harem-girl
outfits.
     "Hey, there's a whole wardrobe room next door," the Fly
pointed to an adjoining room. "Take a look in there!" Ernie
disappeared into the next room.
     Sterno was searching the room carefully. "What'cha looking
for, secret passages?" the Fly asked eagerly.
     "Actually, I was rather hoping someone might have left a spot
of brandy about," he answered. "Aha!" He pulled out a bottle. A
look of disappointment appeared on his face. "MD 20/20?" he asked.
"What in the world could that be?"
     "Oh, wow," commented the Fly. "Mad Dog!"
     "I beg your pardon!" snapped Sterno huffily.
     "Hey, no offense!" said the Fly quickly. "That's just what
it's called, you know?"
     "Hmmph!" Sterno opened the bottle and sniffed the contents.
"Dreadful!" he proclaimed, and dropped the bottle in the trash.
     Ernie reappeared from the wardrobe room. He was now clad in a
Spanish toreador outfit, consisting of a scintillating gold suit,
covered with sequins, with knee breeches and white stockings, a
white shirt and tie, and an odd-shaped little black hat.
     He noticed everyone looking at him oddly. "Hey, it was the
only thing I could find, you know? Ernie said defensively. "At
least it's warm!"
     Sterno sniffed. "I must say, you have the most AWFUL taste in
clothes! But, at least it's better than looking at that sickening
body of yours!"
     Ernie was offended. "What's wrong with my body?"
     Sterno rolled his eyes upward silently.
     Only the Fly seemed to approve of Ernie's new outfit. "Hey,
guy," he said enthusiastically. "I like the suit! It's the new `in'
thing, right?"
     Sterno regarded Ernie critically. "Why are you still carrying
that ridiculous plastic broadsword?"
     Ernie shifted uncomfortably. "Hey, I told you, it's a forty
buck deposit!"
     Sterno rolled his eyes upward. "Hopeless!"
     Ernie sat down in a comfortable-looking chair. He thought he
had better take advantage of every opportunity to rest; he had no
way of knowing how long all of this craziness was going to
continue.
     "So, like, what's with that Lucy chick?" the Fly asked Captain
Memory. "I mean, like, what's her problem?"
     "Oh, she's an alien," explained the Captain.
     "A what?"
     "You know," the Captain went on. "Come from outer space,
invade the Earth, steal your brain, that kinda stuff." The Captain
made himself comfortable on a small sofa, and began leafing through
his copy of the TV Guide.
     "Aliens?" Ernie asked confusedly. "Are they really aliens?"
     "There as real as anything in Cyberspace, I suppose," the
Captain commented.
     "But what are they DOING here?" Ernie wanted to know.
     "They're part of a game called `MENACE FROM PLANET ZERO'. It's
quite popular," the Captain explained. "I figured we'd run across
it sooner or later. With all the systems Waldo's been taking over,
the odds are that it'd be in at least one of them."
     The Fly seemed a bit skeptical. "Well, gee, that chick sure
didn't look like an alien!"
     The Captain was impatient. "She's in disguise, of course! You
wouldn't want to see what she really looks like!" He shuddered.
"Anyway," he continued. "That whole bunch are aliens in disguise.
They've been watching our 1950's TV shows, and they think those TV
characters are normal Earth people. They think if they disguise
themselves as 1950's TV characters, you Earth people will never
know the difference."
     "They don't seem to be very smart," Ernie commented.
     "Well, you know," said the Captain thoughtfully. "Intelligence
is not the only way to approach reality. There are other ways of
thinking. It's possible to approach problem-solving from an
entirely different perspective. There are civilizations in which
thinking is done in an entirely different way, where `intelligence'
is replaced by a whole different way of looking at the universe!"
     Ernie had never heard Captain Memory get so philosophical
before. "So, do these aliens have a completely different way of
thinking?" he asked wonderingly.
     "No," said the Captain reflectively. "They're just stupid."
He returned to his TV Guide.
     "I mighta known," said the Fly reflectively. "After all, she's
hanging out with that Ricky guy! Man, he's something else! Anybody
who'd wear a shirt like that..." He trailed off, looking sideways
at Ernie.
     A number of magazines were scattered about an end table next
to Ernie's chair. A headline in one of the caught Ernie's eye:
"FANTASTIC ARCHAEOLOGICAL FIND REVEALED!" Ernie picked it up and
began to read:
     "On October 16, 1978, an Arab shepherd following a stray
animal into a cave near the Sea of Galilee made an incredible find
- a find unparalleled in modern history. A find so monumental, so
earth-shattering, so threatening to world governments and religious
institutions that its very existence has been suppressed. Only now,
by means of smuggled documents obtained at great personal risk to
all involved, can this fabulous story come to light  - the story of
the Dead Sea Phonograph Records!"
     Ernie was intrigued. He read on:
     "Our story must really begin in Ancient Egypt - deep in the
mysteries of the Middle Kingdom; an age which produced some of the
greatest wonders the world has even seen. Some of these, like the
Pyramids, have been known to the world for millennia. Yet it stands
to reason that any people capable of producing wonders like these,
wonders which the modern world has yet to equal, must also have
been capable of producing many other amazing things on a smaller
scale. Yet, all of these have been lost in the sands of time - or
have they?
     Let us consider for a moment the phonograph - a relatively
simple device invented in the last century by Thomas Edison. In its
basic form it consists of a disc, or even a cylinder, driven by a
crank, that comes in contact with a needle attached to a cone. One
can then either play or record simply by turning the crank and
either speaking into the cone, or listening. That's all there is to
it. A simple device like this can be made with almost anyone with
basic tools. It could have been made thousands of years ago - it
could even have been made by the ancient Egyptians! Certainly, any
civilization capable of producing incredible engineering feats like
the Pyramids would be capable of constructing a simple mechanical
device like this!
     Now there is evidence that they did! In the tomb of the
Pharaoh Pepto II at Bismol, hieroglyphics have been found which
bear an uncanny resemblance to Edison's early phonographs. Along
with these were others which were translated to read "...and the
voice of the Pharaoh shall speak on after he is gone
and...(fragment missing)...that we, who are as dogs to the mighty
Pharaoh, shall listen to Our Master's Voice!"
     Ernie looked at the accompanying illustration. It was a
picture from an Egyptian tomb, showing a dog listening to some kind
of a device with a cone coming out of it. It reminded Ernie of
something. Didn't it look a lot like...the RCA Victor logo? Then
again, maybe not. He continued reading.
     "But this is only the beginning! It would be monumental enough
if records of the voices of the Pharaohs had been found, but what
has actually been discovered is so spectacular as to make the
Pharaohs seem trivial by comparison. It was, of course, phonograph
records that the Arab shepherd found. They were in the form of
discs made of fine clay, a material much more durable than the
perishable vinyl that our present-day phonograph records are made
of, and were packed in the crumbling remains of an Egyptian-style
case. When played at approximately 78 rpm, they produced voices,
much like our own early phonograph records.
     But - stop and consider. These records were found deep in
Israel, near the Sea of Galilee - in other words, nowhere near the
Egypt of the Pharaohs. There is no evidence that the phonograph was
ever used in ancient Israel; what's more, they were in an Egyptian-
style case, and bore Egyptian markings. How could they have come to
a cave near the Sea of Galilee?
     There is only one way: They must have been brought there, from
Egypt - by the fleeing Israelites! Hieroglyphics prove that the
phonograph was in existence at this time; what would have been more
reasonable than for the fleeing Israelites, taking with them the
treasures of Egypt, to take with them this great treasure?
     But what would they have used it for? What else but for the
same use as the Pharaohs, to record and preserve the voice of their
leader, so that his will can be known forever - the voice of Moses!
     Yet, if this device, the phonograph, was in the hands of
Moses, wouldn't he have used it to record the things he considered
of greatest importance? In that case, wouldn't he have taken it to
Mount Sinai? Wouldn't he have used it to record - the voice of God
Himself?
     Now you can see why this find has been suppressed - why no
government, no religious institution on Earth can afford to let
these records be heard. They contain at the very least the voice of
Moses, and possibly even the very voice of God. There may be things
on these records which could change the life of every man, woman,
and child on Earth - now, today, in the 20th century.
     But will these records ever be heard? Or will they be hidden
away in a secret vault, kept from a world that needs them so
desperately?
     They must be heard! The people have a right to this knowledge,
knowledge which affects each and every one of them in every facet
of their daily lives. Right now there is no way of knowing where
they are being held, or by whom, or for what purpose. But a find
like this CANNOT be suppressed. It is to earth-shaking, too
monumental. Word WILL leak out, people WILL be told! Already this
has begun to happen - secret documents have been smuggled out;
incontrovertible evidence has been uncovered. It is beginning - now
it is only a mater of time before the world learns the awesome
truth about the Dead Sea Phonograph Records!"
     
     Ernie put the magazine down. Wow, he thought. This is really
heavy. Is this for real, or is this just more crazy nonsense? Did
this really happen, or is this just more garbage caused by sticking
together too many computer programs that don't belong together? How
can we tell the difference?
     Ernie thought about the problem. This is an important
question, he decided. We may have stumbled onto something really
meaningful. Somebody ought to look into this. Somebody ought to
find out whether this is for real or not, because if it is real it
might be...really important! Ernie stopped. He hadn't the vaguest
idea how somebody would go about looking into a question like this.
     Ernie looked at Captain Memory. "Here, look at this article."
He handed the magazine to the Captain.
     The Captain peered at the article. "The Dead Sea Phonograph
Records? Get real!" Captain Memory tossed the magazine over his
shoulder.
       "No, really!" Ernie protested. "This is important stuff! I
really think you should consider it! What if this really happened?
What if this is, like a secret CIA computer file or something? I
mean, stuff like that could be here, right? It's possible, isn't
it?"
     "Aything's possible," the Captain admitted. "But how likely is
it?"
     Ernie heard snickering coming from behind him. He turned.
Sterno had picked up the magazine, and was leafing through it.
     "You actually READ this stuff?" laughed Sterno. "Here's a good
article: `Princess Diana says, I'm Carrying Elvis's Baby'. Or, how
about `I Was Raped by Killer Lesbians from Outer Space'".
     Ernie frowned. Something about that last headline sounded a
little familiar.
     Sterno continued. "Here another one: `Earth invaded by Aliens
Disguised as 1950's TV Characters'."
     "Hey, lemme see that!" Ernie reached for the magazine,
convinced that they were onto something.
     "What trash!" Sterno dropped the magazine in the wastebasket.
     "Hey!" Ernie fished through the wastebasket, trying to
retrieve the magazine. "Oh no, it's all covered with sticky wine!
The pages are all stuck together!"
     "Wow, man," said the Fly wonderingly. "That's really heavy
stuff. Imagine that: Princess Diana pregnant with Elvis's baby. I
never knew that!"
     Ernie was trying to separate the pages of the magazine, but
the Mad Dog wine had dissolved most of the ink, and he was only
succeeding in making a big mess. 
     "Did you really think you were going to find the secrets of
the universe in that magazine?" asked Sterno sarcastically.
     "I don't think you're going to get anywhere with that stuff,"
added Captain Memory. "I think you're barking up the wrong tree!"
     "I suppose you think that's funny!" Sterno snarled. 
 He regarded Ernie for a moment. "You know, that little hat looks
really ridiculous!"
     "Yeah, guy," the Fly chimed in. "How come you're wearing that
Mickey Mouse hat?"
     "It's not a Mickey Mouse hat, alright?" said Ernie,
frustrated. "It's part of the outfit. You're supposed to wear this
kind of a little hat. I dunno why, you're just supposed to!" Ernie
sulked. "Leave me alone!"
     Sterno chuckled. "The only good thing about having him along,"
he said, gesturing at Ernie. "Is that he can always cheer me up. If
I didn't have him to laugh at, I don't know WHAT I'd do!" Ernie
glowered.
     The Fly was sitting at a dressing table, regarding himself in
the mirror. He kept examining various bottle of cosmetics, holding
each in turn up to his face, but he couldn't find any that matched
his shell tone.
     "My, what big eyes you have!" quipped Sterno. "How about some
eyeliner? Or maybe some mascara for your antenna?"
     "Aw, c'mon guys," the Fly complained. "Gimme a break, huh? I
was just looking for a little, like, bronzer, y'know? Y'think
bronzer would look good on me?" His antennae waved hopefully.
     Ernie was feeling irritable. He was tired of everyone picking
on him all the time. "Why do you keep reading that TV Guide?" he
snapped at Captain Memory.
     "So I can see what's on," answered the Captain reasonably.
     "How can you possibly tell what's on, when you don't even know
where we are? You're never gonna have the right listings for here,
wherever THIS is!"
     "Sure I do," disagreed the Captain. "I've got the listings for
everywhere."
     "How could you have that?" Ernie was skeptical.
     "This is the Inter-Continuum Edition, with Multi-Galactic Sub-
Listings, for the week of May 3-Infinity," explained the Captain.
"It's got the listings for all of Time and Space."
     "Lemme see that!" Ernie snatched it rudely out of Captain
Memory's hand. "Why, the pages are all blank!"
     "Are you a subscriber?" the Captain wanted to know, gently
taking the book back out of Ernie's hands.
     "Well, no," Ernie admitted.
     "Well, that's why you can't see it!" 
     Ernie sighed. He guessed that made as much sense as anything
else.
     CM examined the listings carefully. "Wanna watch an old movie?
Here's a classic: `Mr. Blandings Builds his Dream Horse'."
     Ernie frowned. "You mean `House'."
     Captain Memory was puzzled. "Mr. House Builds his Dream
Horse'?"
     Ernie shook his head. "No, no. It's supposed to be `Mr.
Blandings Builds his Dream House'."
     Captain Memory peered at the TV Guide. "It quite clearly says
here `Horse'."
     "That's ridiculous!" Ernie insisted. "You can't build a
horse!"
     "That's right!" the Fly chimed in. "At least, not without a
permit!"
     "Huh?" Ernie was taken aback.
     "And an inspection!" the Fly went on. "I mean, you wouldn't
want to ride a horse that was built without a permit, and wasn't
inspected! It wouldn't be safe!"
     "Uh..." Something about this didn't sound right to Ernie.
     The Fly continued with enthusiasm. "I mean, like what if you
took this horse out on the freeway, you know, and you're cruisin'
along, doin' maybe 60, and all of a sudden - boom! A leg falls off!
Then what? Somebody could get hurt!"
     Ernie didn't know how to argue with this. "Uh, I suppose
you're right." He fell silent.
     Captain Memory broke the silence. "Hey, here's a good show!
8:30 - `Follow the Yellow Brick Road'. The Fab Four stop for a
drink at The Deer Bar, and meet aliens disguised as 1950's TV
characters.' Starring Lucille Ball, Adam West, and Rin-Tin-Tin. How
about that?"
     "Sounds okay to me," said the Fly agreeably.
     Ernie looked around the room. "There's no TV!" he said
triumphantly.
     "Oh, there's always a TV!" the Captain assured him.
     "Okay, where?" Ernie demanded.
     "Hmm." Captain Memory looked around. He got up, walked over to
the dressing table, and peered into the mirror. "Let's try this: 
          `Mirror, mirror, on the wall,
           Ain't there no TV at all?'"
     The surface of the mirror dissolved, and an image of The Deer
Bar appeared in its place. Four characters were seated at the bar,
drinking beer.
     "So, what are we gonna do now, guys?" asked the Fly, sipping
a beer through his long, flexible snout.
     Ernie started, and looked about confusedly. They were suddenly
all back at The Deer Bar. His stomach flipped over again.
"What...uh..how did we get back here?"
     "Same way we got out," said Captain Memory, gesturing towards
the TV set. He looked momentarily confused. "Either that, or maybe
we never really left at all. I forget which. Oh well, it doesn't
really matter."
     Ernie looked up at the television above the bar, which now was
turned on. A sadistic Nazi talk show host was using a diabolical-
looking device to torture members of the audience. "Uh, do you mind
if I turn that off?" asked Ernie.
     "If you like," answered the Captain indifferently.
     Ernie switched off the set, and breathed a sigh of relief. Now
they were safe. He frowned. Well, maybe they weren't safe, but they
were safER. He thought about it a moment. Well, maybe they weren't
really any safer, but turning the TV off made him feel better just
the same. That satisfied him, so he returned to his seat.
     The Fly looked around. "Like, we're the only ones here!"
     "Uh huh," Ernie agreed.
     "So, what happened to, like, Ricky and Lucy?"
     As if in answer, the door to the bar flew open, and in
staggered Ricky, his ruffled Cuban shirt in rags, his maracas
broken. Close behind him was Lucy, her hair disarrayed, her party
dress torn and smeared with dirt.
     "You feelthy peeg!" shrieked Ricky, enraged. "You send us
behind door numero four! I keel you!"
     "What did he say?" the Fly asked confusedly. "I can't
understand his accent at all!"
     "I think he said he was going to `keel' us," Sterno
volunteered.
     "What's that?" the Fly wanted to know. "Something to do with
boats?"
     Ricky advanced on the foursome, holding his shattered maracas
menacingly. Ernie noticed that they seemed to have acquired very
sharp edges. "I keel you, I cut your brain out!" he threatened
Ernie.
     "Hey, he's starting up with that `brain' stuff again," Ernie
said to Captain Memory. "What do we do?"
     "Have a beer," said Captain Memory, sipping his Deer Beer.
     "That's easy for you to say! It's not your brain he's after!"
Ernie looked at Ricky apprehensively.
     "Why don't you just let him have your brain?" snickered
Sterno. "You'll never miss it!"
     Ricky slowly staggered forward. Ernie noticed that Ricky was
getting much more, sort of, reptilian-looking. He seemed to have
acquired long, sharp teeth, and a forked tongue, which flitted in
and out of his mouth in a snake-like manner.
     "Hey uh, shouldn't we, uh, DO something?" Ernie urged Captain
Memory.
     The Captain looked annoyed. "Oh, all right!" He cleared his
throat. "And now," he announced pompously. "A word from our
sponsor!"
     Ricky froze. "Oh, ees a commercial," he said to Lucy. "We got
to wait!"
     "Well, I guess we'd better get going, fellas," Captain Memory
said to the other three. "We've only got sixty seconds." He gulped
down the rest of his beer. "I hate to drink beer in a hurry. It
upsets my stomach." He burped. He brushed past Ricky and Lucy, who
were frozen into a state of immobility, and led the group out the
door.
      Once outside, Captain Memory checked his bare wrist. "Hmm,
ten more seconds. I know, let's try this!" The Captain led the
group around the side of the building, where they could not be seen
from the main door.
     Fifteen seconds later, Ricky and Lucy burst out of the bar
door. "Where dey go?!" Ricky screamed. "Dey not suppose' to move
during de commercial! Dey got to wait for de show to start again!"
Ricky and Lucy looked quickly around, and then charged off down the
road in the direction of the bank.
     The Fly peeked around the corner. "Looks like they're gone."
     Ernie frowned. "Are these aliens really that stupid?" he asked
the Captain.
     "I'm afraid so," Captain Memory replied.
     Ernie frowned. Something about this didn't seem to make sense.
"If they're so stupid, how come they've got interstellar travel,
and blasters, and stuff like that?" he asked pointedly.
     "Well, you know, aliens have brother-in-laws, too," Captain
Memory explained.
     "Brothers-in-law," Sterno corrected.
     "Uh, right," the Captain went on. "Uh, relatives. They have
relatives too. Everybody has relatives."
     "So?" Ernie wanted to know.
     Captain Memory sighed. "Well, what do you do if your brother-
in-law needs a job, but he's not too, um, bright? I mean, you can't
leave him to starve, right? After all, he's married to your sister.
Okay, so maybe your sister doesn't have real good taste in men,
she's still your sister, right? And what about your nephews..."
     "Get to the point!" Sterno demanded impatiently.
     "Okay, okay," Captain Memory went on. "Anyway, you've got to
get him a job, but you don't want to get him anything too, like,
visible, because you know he's going to screw it up, and you'll get
blamed. So you get him a job that pays good, but is, um, out of the
way. Like, for instance, `interstellar scout.' Sure, he'll screw it
up, but he's millions of light years away, who's gonna know?"
     Ernie looked crestfallen. "I always thought they'd send, you
know, their `Top Guns', their `best and brightest' to attack us.
You're mean they send their screw-ups to invade our planet?"
     Captain Memory shrugged. "Well, you know, it's a bureaucracy.
This is the real universe. Life's like that." Ernie sighed.
     Captain Memory looked at his bare wrist. "Anyway, I think it's
time to get going." He headed off purposefully down the yellow
brick road, going in the opposite direction from that in which
Ricky and Lucy had gone. The group trailed along behind him.
                            CHAPTER 5
     Ernie caught up to Captain Memory as the foursome headed down
the yellow brick road. "So, where are we anyway?" he wanted to
know.
     The Captain looked around. "Could be Kansas, I suppose," he
said thoughtfully.
     "You don't KNOW?"
     Captain Memory shrugged. "You can't expect me to keep track of
all these PLACES," he said annoyedly. "Do you know how many PLACES
there are in Cyberspace? There's...there's..." He hesitated
confusedly. "Well, I don't know exactly how many, but there's a
whole lot of them!  And they keep changing all the time, too! I
mean, you can go someplace you know real well, you come back in a
few nanoseconds, and it's all different! It was bad enough before
Waldo Stadium starting networking all these systems that were never
meant to be networked. Now it's impossible!  So don't expect ME to
keep track of it! It isn't MY fault!" He calmed down. "Anyway," he
said, more composedly. "I guess it could be Nebraska."
     Ernie peered into the distance. "What's all that smoke?" He
pointed to a large cloud on the horizon.
     The Fly looked searchingly into the distance. With his huge,
multi-faceted insect eyes, he could see more clearly than any
human. "That's not smoke, that's dust," he explained. "There's a
whole lot of trucks and cars and stuff heading this way. There's
enough to be an army of 'em." He peered into the distance. "In
fact, it IS an army! They got tanks, and guns, and everything!"
     Ernie felt uneasy. "So, whose army it is?"
     They Fly squinted. "I can't tell; too much dust."
     "Maybe we should just get out of the way and let them go by,"
Sterno suggested.
     This seemed like an excellent idea to Ernie. They stepped off
the road, climbed over a picturesque split-rail fence, and made
their way into a cornfield, where they hid themselves among the
tall plants. Ernie noticed a scarecrow out in the middle of the
field. He thought about it for a moment, but then he decided to
just leave it alone.
     In a few minutes the first vehicles of the military column
began to pass them. Ernie noticed that they were armored personnel
carriers, painted tan and grey. On the side of each was the
insignia of a palm tree with a swastika at the base. Ernie
recognized it from watching war movies on the late show. "It's the
Afrika Korps!" he whispered to Captain Memory. "What would they be
doing in Kansas, or maybe Nebraska?"
     "Aha," said Captain Memory quietly. "So that's it - Rommel
must be advancing on Omaha! Therefore, it will be up to Prince
Eugene to stop the Turkish hordes at the gates of Vienna. In that
case, Colonel Jackson must be heading down the mighty Mississippi
at this very moment, taking a little bacon and a little beans, to
fight the bloody British at the town of New Orleans! That means,"
Captain Memory looked at his wrist. "It must be 1814!"
     "Oh." Ernie no longer expected Captain Memory's explanations
to shed much light on things, although, thinking about it,
something about the last part of Captain Memory's explanation did
sound a little familiar. But then, on the other hand, everything
sounded a little familiar, but none of it actually made any sense.
     Ernie decided to try again, even though he didn't have much
hope of success. "So what's going on, anyway? Isn't this supposed
to be, like, the Wizard of Oz or something? I don't remember any
Nazi armies in the Wizard of Oz!"
     "The Wizard of Oz?" the Captain asked wonderingly. "Whatever
gave you that idea?"
     "Well, gee.." Ernie had thought it was obvious. "There's this
yellow brick road, and the bank manager was kind of a witch, and
she had ruby slippers and..." He trailed off.
     "So what?" the Captain demanded.
     "Well...If this isn't the Wizard of Oz, where did all that
stuff come from?"
     The Captain was annoyed. "Sure, some of this is from THE
WIZARD OF OZ. But some of it isn't. Some of it's from other games,
or computer models, or databases, or whatever happened to be in the
systems that Waldo's been taking over. And there's no way to tell
what'll pop out where, or when. Even Waldo can't keep track of it.
It's taking all his computing power just to keep the system halfway
organized, so it doesn't crash. You know how hard it is to keep a
FATAL ERROR from creeping into this stuff? It's only because he's
got a multiple-redundant neural-net system that he can keep this
