                            ARTICLE I                                       
  Whereas, by a statute made in the reign of his Imperial Majesty           
Calin Deffar Plune, it is enacted, that whoever shall make water            
within the precincts of the royal palace, should be liable to the           
pains and penalties of high treason; notwithstanding, the said Quinbus      
Flestrin, in open breach of the said law, under color of extinguishing      
the fire kindled in the apartment of his Majesty's most dear                
Imperial Consort, did maliciously, traitorously, and devilishly, by         
discharge of his urine, put out the said fire kindled in the said           
apartment, lying and being within the precincts of the said royal           
palace, against the statute in that case provided, etc., against the        
duty, etc.                                                                  
-                                                                           
                            ARTICLE II.                                     
                                                    {P_1|CH_7 ^paragraph 15}
  That the said Quinbus Flestrin having brought the imperial fleet          
of Blefuscu into the royal port, and being afterwards commanded by his      
Imperial Majesty to seize all the other ships of the said empire of         
Blefuscu, and reduce that empire to a province, to be governed by a         
Viceroy from hence, and to destroy and put to death not only all the        
Big-Endian exiles, but likewise all the people of that empire, who          
would not immediately forsake the Big-Endian heresy: He, the said           
Flestrin, like a false traitor against his most Auspicious, Serene,         
Imperial Majesty, did petition to be excused from the said service          
upon pretense of unwillingness to force the consciences, or destroy         
the liberties and lives of an innocent people.                              
-                                                                           
                            ARTICLE III.                                    
  That, whereas certain ambassadors from the court of Blefuscu, to sue      
for peace in his Majesty's court: He, the said Flestrin, did, like a        
false traitor, aid, abet, comfort, and divert the said ambassadors,         
although he knew them to be servants to a Prince who was lately an          
open enemy to his Imperial Majesty, and in open war against his said        
Majesty.                                                                    
-                                                                           
                                                    {P_1|CH_7 ^paragraph 20}
                            ARTICLE IV.                                     
  That the said Quinbus Flestrin, contrary to the duty of a faithful        
subject, is now preparing to make a voyage to the court and empire          
of Blefuscu, for which he had received only verbal license from his         
Imperial Majesty; and under color of the said license, doth falsely         
and traitorously intend to take the said voyage, and hereby to aid,         
comfort, and abet the Emperor of Blefuscu, so late an enemy, and in         
open war with his Imperial Majesty aforesaid.                               
-                                                                           
  There are some other articles, but these are the most important,          
of which I have read you an abstract.                                       
  In the several debates upon this impeachment, it must be confessed        
that his Majesty gave many marks of his great lenity, often urging the      
services you had done him, and endeavoring to extenuate your crimes.        
The Treasurer and Admiral insisted that you should be put to the            
most painful and ignominious death, by setting fire on your house at        
night, and the General was to attend with twenty thousand men armed         
with poisoned arrows to shoot you on the face and hands. Some of            
your servants were to have private orders to strew a poisonous juice        
on your shirts, which would soon make you tear your own flesh, and die      
in the utmost torture. The General came into the same opinion, so that      
for a long time there was a majority against you. But his Majesty           
resolving, if possible, to spare your life, at last brought off the         
Chamberlain.                                                                
                                                    {P_1|CH_7 ^paragraph 25}
  Upon this incident, Reldresal, principal Secretary for Private            
Affairs, who always approved himself your true friend, was commanded        
by the Emperor to deliver his opinion, which he accordingly did; and        
therein justified the good thoughts you have of him. He allowed your        
crimes to be great, but that still there was room for mercy, the            
most commendable virtue in a prince, and for which his Majesty was          
so justly celebrated. He said, the friendship between you and him           
was so well known to the world, that perhaps the most honorable             
board might think him partial: however, in obedience to the command he      
had received, he would freely offer his sentiments. That if his             
Majesty, in consideration of your services, and pursuant to his own         
merciful disposition, would please to spare your life, and only give        
order to put out both your eyes, he humbly conceived that by this           
expedient justice might in some measure be satisfied, and all the           
world would applaud the lenity of the Emperor, as well as the fair and      
generous proceedings of those who have the honor to be his                  
counsellors. That the loss of your eyes would be no impediment to your      
bodily strength, by which you might still be useful to his Majesty.         
That blindness is an addition to courage, by concealing dangers from        
us; that the fear you had for your eyes was the greatest difficulty in      
bringing over the enemy's fleet, and it would be sufficient for you to      
see by the eyes of the ministers, since the greatest princes do no          
more.                                                                       
  This proposal was received with the utmost disapprobation by the          
whole board. Bolgolam, the Admiral, could not preserve his temper, but      
rising up in fury said he wondered how the Secretary dared presume          
to give his opinion for preserving the life of a traitor: that the          
services you had performed, were, by all true reasons of state, the         
great aggravation of your crimes; that you, who were able to                
extinguish the fire, by discharge of urine in her Majesty's                 
apartment (which he mentioned with horror), might at another time,          
raise an inundation by the same means, to drown the whole palace;           
and the same strength which enabled you to bring over the enemy's           
fleet, might serve, upon the first discontent, to carry it back:            
that he had good reasons to think you were a Big-Endian in your heart;      
and as treason begins in the heart, before it appears in overt acts,        
so he accused you as a traitor on that account, and therefore insisted      
you should be put to death.                                                 
  The Treasurer was of the same opinion; he showed to what straits his      
Majesty's revenue was reduced by the charge of maintaining you,             
which would soon grow insupportable: that the Secretary's expedient of      
putting out your eyes was so far from being a remedy against this           
evil, it would probably increase it, as it is manifest from the common      
practice of blinding some kind of fowl, after which they fed the            
faster, and grew sooner fat: that his sacred Majesty and the                
Council, who are your judges, were in their own consciences fully           
convinced of your guilt, which was a sufficient argument to condemn         
you to death, without the formal proofs required by the strict              
letter of the law.                                                          
  But his Imperial Majesty, fully determined against capital                
punishment, was graciously pleased to say, that since the Council           
thought the loss of your eyes too easy a censure, some other may be         
inflicted hereafter. And your friend the Secretary humbly desiring          
to be heard again, in answer to what the Treasurer had objected             
concerning the great charge his Majesty was at in maintaining you,          
said that his Excellency, who had the sole disposal of the Emperor's        
revenue, might easily provide against that evil, by gradually               
lessening your establishment; by which, for want of sufficient food,        
you would grow weak and faint, and lose your appetite, and                  
consequently decay and consume in a few months; neither would the           
stench of your carcass be then so dangerous, when it should become          
more than half diminished; and immediately upon your death, five or         
six thousand of his Majesty's subjects might, in two or three days,         
cut your flesh from your bones, take it away by cartloads, and bury it      
in distant parts to prevent infection, leaving the skeleton as a            
monument of admiration to posterity.                                        
  Thus by the great friendship of the Secretary, the whole affair           
was compromised. It was strictly enjoined, that the project of              
starving you by degrees should be kept a secret, but the sentence of        
putting out your eyes was entered on the books; none dissenting except      
Bolgolam the Admiral, who, being a creature of the Empress, was             
perpetually instigated by her Majesty to insist upon your death, she        
having borne perpetual malice against you, on account of that infamous      
and illegal method you took to extinguish the fire in her apartment.        
                                                    {P_1|CH_7 ^paragraph 30}
  In three days your friend the Secretary will be directed to come          
to your house, and read before you the articles of impeachment; and         
then to signify the great lenity and favor of his Majesty and Council,      
whereby you are only condemned to the loss of your eyes, which his          
Majesty does not question you will gratefully and humbly submit to;         
and twenty of his Majesty's surgeons will attend, in order to see           
the operation well performed, by discharging very sharp-pointed arrows      
into the balls of your eyes, as you lie on the ground.                      
  I leave to your prudence what measures you will take; and to avoid        
suspicion, I must immediately return in as private a manner as I came.      
  His Lordship did so, and I remained alone, under many doubts and          
perplexities of mind.                                                       
  It was a custom introduced by this prince and his ministry (very          
different, as I have been assured, from the practices of former times)      
that after the court had decreed any cruel execution, either to             
gratify the monarch's resentment, or the malice of a favorite, the          
Emperor always made a speech to his whole Council, expressing his           
great lenity and tenderness, as qualities known and confessed by all        
the world. This speech was immediately published through the                
kingdom; nor did anything terrify the people so much as those               
encomiums on his Majesty's mercy; because it was observed, that the         
more these praises were enlarged and insisted on, the more inhuman was      
the punishment, and the sufferer more innocent. And as to myself, I         
must confess, having never been designed for a courtier either by my        
birth or education, I was so ill a judge of things, that I could not        
discover the lenity and favor of this sentence, but conceived it            
(perhaps erroneously) rather to be rigorous than gentle. I sometimes        
thought of standing my trial, for although I could not deny the             
facts alleged in the several articles, yet I hoped they would admit of      
some extenuations. But having in my life perused many state trials,         
which I ever observed to terminate as the judges thought fit to             
direct, I dared not rely on so dangerous a decision, in so critical         
a juncture, and against such powerful enemies. Once I was strongly          
bent upon resistance, for while I had liberty, the whole strength of        
that empire could hardly subdue me, and I might easily with stones          
pelt the metropolis to pieces; but I soon rejected that project with        
horror, by remembering the oath I had made to the Emperor, the              
favors I received from him, and the high title of Nardac he                 
conferred upon me. Neither had I so soon learned the gratitude of           
courtiers, to persuade myself that his Majesty's present severities         
quitted me of all past obligations.                                         
  At last I fixed upon a resolution, for which it is probable I may         
incur some censure, and not unjustly; for I confess I owe the               
preserving of my eyes, and consequently my liberty, to my own great         
rashness and want of experience: because if I had then known the            
nature of princes and ministers, which I have since observed in many        
other courts, and their methods of treating criminals less obnoxious        
than myself, I should with great alacrity and readiness have submitted      
to so easy a punishment. But hurried on by the precipitancy of              
youth, and having his Imperial Majesty's license to pay my                  
attendance upon the Emperor of Blefuscu, I took this opportunity,           
before the three days were elapsed, to send a letter to my friend           
the Secretary, signifying my resolution of setting out that morning         
Blefuscu pursuant to the leave I had got; and without waiting for an        
answer, I went to that side of the island where our fleet lay. I            
seized a large man of war, tied a cable to the prow, and, lifting up        
the anchors, I stripped myself, put my clothes (together with my            
coverlet, which I brought under my arm) into the vessel, and drawing        
it after me between wading and swimming, arrived at the royal port          
of Blefuscu, where the people had long expected me; they lent me two        
guides to direct me to the capital city, which is of the same name.         
I held them in my hands till I came within two hundred yards of the         
gate, and desired them to signify my arrival to one of the                  
secretaries, and let him know, I there waited his Majesty's                 
commands. I had an answer in about an hour, that his Majesty, attended      
by the Royal Family, and great officers of the court, was coming out        
to receive me. I advanced a hundred yards. The Emperor and his train        
alighted from their horses, the Empress and ladies from their coaches,      
and I did not perceive they were in any fright or concern. I lay on         
the ground to kiss his Majesty's and the Empress's hand. I told his         
Majesty that I had come according to my promise, and with the               
license of the Emperor, my master, to have the honor of seeing so           
mighty a monarch, and to offer him any service in my power, consistent      
with my duty to my own prince; not mentioning a word of my disgrace,        
because I had hitherto no regular information of it, and might suppose      
myself wholly ignorant of any such design; neither could I                  
reasonably conceive that the Emperor would discover the secret while I      
was out of his power: wherein, however, it soon appeared I was              
deceived.                                                                   
                                                    {P_1|CH_7 ^paragraph 35}
  I shall not trouble the reader with the particular account of my          
reception at this court, which was suitable to the generosity of so         
great a prince; nor of the difficulties I was in for want of a house        
and bed, being forced to lie on the ground, wrapped up in my coverlet.      
                                                                            
P_1|CH_8                                                                    
  CHAPTER VIII                                                              
-                                                                           
  Three days after my arrival, walking out of curiosity to the              
northeast coast of the island, I observed, about half a league off, in      
the sea, something that looked like a boat overturned. I pulled off my      
shoes and stockings, and wading two or three hundred yards, I found         
the object to approach nearer by force of the tide; and then plainly        
saw it to be a real boat, which I supposed might, by some tempest,          
have been driven from a ship; whereupon I returned immediately towards      
the city, and desired his Imperial Majesty to lend me twenty of the         
tallest vessels he had left after the loss of his fleet, and three          
thousand seamen under the command of his Vice-Admiral. This fleet           
sailed round, while I went back the shortest way to the coast where         
I first discovered the boat; I found the tide had driven it still           
nearer. The seamen were all provided with cordage, which I had              
beforehand twisted to a sufficient strength. When the ships came up, I      
stripped myself, and waded till I came within a hundred yards of the        
boat, after which I was forced to swim till I got up to it. The seamen      
threw me the end of the cord, which I fastened to a hole in the             
forepart of the boat, and the other end to a man of war; but I found        
all my labor to little purpose; for being out of my depth, I was not        
able to work. In this necessity, I was forced to swim behind, and push      
the boat forwards as often as I could, with one of my hands; and the        
tide favoring me, I advanced so far, that I could just hold up my chin      
and feel the ground. I rested two or three minutes, and then gave           
the boat another shove, and so on till the sea was no higher than my        
arm-pits; and now the most laborious part being over, I took out my         
other cables, which were stowed in one of the ships, and fastening          
them first to the boat, and then to nine of the vessels which attended      
me; the wind being favorable, the seamen towed, and I shoved till we        
arrived within forty yards of the shore; and waiting till the tide was      
out, I got dry to the boat, and by the assistance of two thousand men,      
with ropes and engines, I made a shift to turn it on its bottom, and        
found it was but little damaged.                                            
  I shall not trouble the reader with the difficulties I was under          
by the help of certain paddles, which cost me ten days making, to           
get my boat to the royal port of Blefuscu, where a mighty concourse of      
people appeared upon my arrival, full of wonder at the sight of so          
prodigious a vessel. I told the Emperor that my good fortune had            
thrown this boat in my way, to carry me to some place from whence I         
might return into my native country, and begged his Majesty's orders        
for getting materials to fit it up, together with his license to            
depart; which, after some kind expostulations, he was pleased to            
grant.                                                                      
  I did very much wonder, in all this time, not to have heard of any        
express relating to me from our Emperor to the court of Blefuscu.           
But I was afterwards given privately to understand, that his                
Imperial Majesty, never imagining I had the least notice of his             
designs, believed I was only gone to Blefuscu in performance of my          
promise, according to the license he had given me, which was well           
known at our court, and would return in a few days when that                
ceremony was ended. But he was at last in pain at my long absence; and      
after consulting with the Treasurer, and the rest of that cabal, a          
person of quality was dispatched with the copy of the articles against      
me. This envoy had instructions to represent to the monarch of              
Blefuscu the great lenity of his master, who was content to punish          
me no farther than with the loss of my eyes; that I had fled from           
justice, and if I did not return in two hours, I should be deprived of      
my title of Nardac, and declared a traitor. The envoy further added,        
that in order to maintain the peace and amity between both empires,         
his master expected, that his brother of Blefuscu would give orders to      
have me sent back to Lilliput, bound hand and foot, to be punished          
as a traitor.                                                               
  The Emperor of Blefuscu having taken three days to consult, returned      
an answer consisting of many civilities and excuses. He said, that          
as for sending me bound, his brother knew it was impossible; that           
although I had deprived him of his fleet, yet he owed great                 
obligations to me for many good offices I had done him in making the        
peace. That however both their Majesties would soon be made easy;           
for I had found a prodigious vessel on the shore, able to carry me          
on the sea, which he had given order to fit up with my own                  
assistance and direction; and he hoped in a few weeks both empires          
would be freed from so insupportable an incumbrance.                        
  With this answer the envoy returned to Lilliput, and the monarch          
of Blefuscu related to me all that had past, offering me at the same        
time (but under the strictest confidence) his gracious protection,          
if I would continue in his service; wherein although I believed him         
sincere, yet I resolved never more to put any confidence in princes or      
ministers, where I could possibly avoid it; and therefore, with all         
due acknowledgements for his favorable intentions, I humbly begged          
to be excused. I told him that since fortune, whether good or evil,         
had thrown a vessel in my way, I was resolved to venture myself in the      
ocean, rather than be an occasion of difference between two such            
mighty monarchs. Neither did I find the Emperor at all displeased; and      
I discovered by a certain accident, that he was very glad of my             
resolution, and so were most of his ministers.                              
                                                     {P_1|CH_8 ^paragraph 5}
  These considerations moved me to hasten my departure somewhat sooner      
than I intended; to which the court, impatient to have me gone, very        
readily contributed. Five hundred workmen were employed to make two         
sails to my boat, according to my directions, by quilting thirteen          
fold of their strongest linen together. I was at the pains of making        
ropes and cables, by twisting ten, twenty or thirty of the thickest         
and strongest of theirs. A great stone that I happened to find,             
after a long search, by the sea-shore, served me for an anchor. I           
had the tallow of three hundred cows for greasing my boat, and other        
uses. I was at incredible pains in cutting down some of the largest         
timber-trees for oars and masts, wherein I was, however, much assisted      
by his Majesty's ship carpenters, who helped me in smoothing them,          
after I had done the rough work.                                            
  In about a month, when all was prepared, I sent to receive his            
Majesty's commands, and to take my leave. The Emperor and Royal Family      
came out of the palace; I lay down on my face to kiss his hand,             
which he very graciously gave me: so did the Empress and young Princes      
of the blood. His Majesty presented me with fifty purses of two             
hundred sprugs apiece, together with his picture at full length, which      
I put immediately into one of my gloves, to keep it from being hurt.        
The ceremonies at my departure were too many to trouble the reader          
with at this time.                                                          
  I stored the boat with the carcases of a hundred oxen, and three          
hundred sheep, with bread and drink proportionable, and as much meat        
ready dressed as four hundred cooks could provide. I took with me           
six cows and two bulls alive, with as many ewes and rams, intending to      
carry them into my own country, and propagate the breed. And to feed        
them on board, I had a good bundle of hay, and a bag of corn. I             
would gladly have taken a dozen of the natives, but this was a thing        
the Emperor would by no means permit; and besides a diligent search         
into my pockets, his Majesty engaged my honor not to carry away any of      
his subjects, although with their own consent and desire.                   
  Having thus prepared all things as well as I was able, I set sail on      
the twenty-fourth day of September, 1701, at six in the morning; and        
when I had gone about four leagues to the northward, the wind being at      
southeast, at six in the evening I descried a small island about            
half a league to the northwest. I advanced forward, and cast anchor on      
the leeside of the island, which seemed to be uninhabited. I then took      
some refreshment, and went to my rest. I slept well, and I                  
conjecture at least six hours, for I found the day broke in two             
hours after I awaked. It was a clear night. I ate my breakfast              
before the sun was up; and heaving anchor, the wind being favorable, I      
steered the same course that I had done the day before, wherein I           
was directed by my pocket compass. My intention was to reach, if            
possible, one of those islands, which I had reason to believe lay to        
the northeast of Van Diemen's Land. I discovered nothing all that day;      
but upon the next, about three in the afternoon, when I had by my           
computation made twenty-four leagues from Blefuscu, I descried a            
sail steering to the southeast; my course was due east. I hailed            
her, but could get no answer; yet I found I gained upon her, for the        
wind slackened. I made all the sail I could, and in half an hour she        
spied me, then hung out her ancient, and discharged a gun. It is not        
easy to express the joy I was in upon the unexpected hope of once more      
seeing my beloved country, and the dear pledges I had left in it.           
The ship slackened her sails, and I came up with her between five           
and six in the evening, September 26; but my heart leaped within me to      
see her English colors. I put my cows and sheep into my coat                
pockets, and got on board with all my little cargo of provisions.           
The vessel was an English merchantman, returning from Japan by the          
North and South Seas; the Captain, Mr. John Biddle of Deptford, a very      
civil man, and an excellent sailor. We were now in the latitude of          
30 degrees south; there were about fifty men in the ship; and here I        
met an old comrade of mine, one Peter Williams, who gave me a good          
character to the Captain. This gentleman treated me with kindness, and      
desired I would let know what place I came from last, and whither I         
was bound; which I did in few words, but he thought I was raving,           
and that the dangers I underwent had disturbed my head; whereupon I         
took my black cattle and sheep out of my pocket, which, after great         
astonishment, clearly convinced him of my veracity. I then showed           
him the gold given me by the Emperor of Blefuscu, together with his         
Majesty's picture at full length, and some other rarities of that           
country. I gave him two purses of two hundred sprugs each, and              
promised, when we arrived in England, to make him a present of a cow        
and a sheep big with young.                                                 
  I shall not trouble the reader with a particular account of this          
voyage, which was very prosperous for the most part. We arrived in the      
Downs on the 13th of April, 1702. I had only one misfortune, that           
the rats on board carried away one of my sheep; I found her bones in a      
hole, picked clean from the flesh. The rest of my cattle I got safe on      
shore, and set them grazing in a bowling-green at Greenwich, where the      
fineness of the grass made them feed very heartily, though I had            
always feared the contrary: neither could I possibly have preserved         
them in so long a voyage, if the Captain had not allowed me some of         
his best biscuit, which, rubbed to powder, and mingled with water, was      
their constant food. The short time I continued in England, I made          
considerable profit by showing my cattle to many persons of quality,        
and others: and before I began my second voyage, I sold them for six        
hundred pounds. Since my last return, I find the breed is considerably      
increased, especially the sheep; which I hope will prove much to the        
advantage of the woollen manufacture, by the fineness of the fleeces.       
                                                    {P_1|CH_8 ^paragraph 10}
  I stayed but two months with my wife and family; for my insatiable        
desire of seeing foreign countries would suffer me to continue no           
longer. I left fifteen hundred pounds with my wife, and fixed her in a      
good house at Redriff. My remaining stock I carried with me, part in        
money, and part in goods, in hopes to improve my fortunes. My eldest        
uncle John had left me an estate in land, near Epping, of about thirty      
pounds a year; and I had a long lease of the Black Bull in Fetter           
Lane, which yielded me as much more; so that I was not in any danger        
of leaving my family upon the parish. My son Johnny, named so after         
his uncle, was at the Grammar School, and a towardly child. My              
daughter Betty (who is now well married, and has children) was then at      
her needlework. I took leave of my wife, and boy and girl, with             
tears on both sides, and went on board the Adventure, a merchantship        
of three hundred tons, bound for Surat, Captain John Nicholas of            
Liverpool, Commander. But my account of this voyage must be referred        
to the second part of my Travels.                                           
-                                                                           
                       THE END OF THE FIRST PART                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                    PART II                                 
                                                                            
                            A VOYAGE TO BROBDINGNAG                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                  (SEE PLATE 2)                             
                                                                            
P_2|CH_1                                                                    
  CHAPTER I                                                                 
-                                                                           
  Having been condemned by nature and fortune to an active and              
restless life, in two months after my return I again left my native         
country, and took shipping in the Downs on the 20th day of June, 1702,      
in the Adventure, Captain John Nicholas, a Cornishman, Commander,           
bound for Surat. We had a very prosperous gale till we arrived at           
the Cape of Good Hope, where we landed for fresh water, but                 
discovering a leak we unshipped our goods and wintered there; for           
the Captain falling sick of an ague, we could not leave the Cape            
till the end of March. We then set sail, and had a good voyage till we      
passed the Straits of Madagascar; but having got northward of that          
island, and to about five degrees south latitude, the winds, which          
in those seas are observed to blow a constant equal gale between the        
north and west from the beginning of December to the beginning of May,      
on the 19th of April began to blow with much greater violence, and          
more westerly than usual, continuing so for twenty days together,           
during which time we were driven a little to the east of the Molucca        
Islands, and about three degrees northward of the Line, as our Captain      
found by an observation he took the 2nd of May, at which time the wind      
ceased, and it was a perfect calm, whereat I was not a little               
rejoiced. But he, being a man well experienced in the navigation of         
those seas, bid us all prepare against a storm, which accordingly           
happened the day following: for a southern wind, called the southern        
monsoon, began to set in.                                                   
  Finding it was likely to overblow, we took in our spritsail, and          
stood by to hand the foresail; but making foul weather, we looked           
the guns were all fast, and handed the mizzen. The ship lay very broad      
off, so we thought it better spooning before the sea, than trying or        
hulling. We reefed the foresail and set him, we hauled aft the              
foresheet; the helm was hard aweather. The ship wore bravely. We            
belayed the fore-down-haul; but the sail was split, and we hauled down      
the yard, and got the sail into the ship, and unbound all the things        
clear of it. It was a very fierce storm; the sea broke strange and          
dangerous. We hauled off upon the lanyard of the whipstaff, and helped      
the man at helm. We would not get down our topmast, but let all stand,      
because she scudded before the sea very well, and we knew that the          
topmast being aloft, the ship was the wholesomer, and made better           
way through the sea, seeing we had sea room. When the storm was             
over, we set foresail and mainsail, and brought the ship to: then we        
set the mizzen, main-topsail, and the fore-topsail. Our course was          
east northeast, the wind was at southwest. We got the starboard             
tacks aboard; we cast off our weather-braces and lifts; we set in           
the leebraces, and hauled forward by the weatherbowlings, and hauled        
them tight, and belayed them, and hauled over the mizzen tack to            
windward, and kept her full and by as near as she would lie.                
  During this storm, which was followed by a strong wind west               
southwest, we were carried by my computation about five hundred             
leagues to the east, so that the oldest sailor on board could not tell      
in what part of the world we were. Our provisions held out well, our        
ship was staunch, and our crew all in good health; but we lay in the        
utmost distress for water. We thought it best to hold on the same           
course, rather than turn more northerly, which might have brought us        
to the northwest parts of Great Tartary, and into the frozen sea.           
  On the 16th day of June, 1703, a boy on the topmost discovered land.      
On the 17th we came in full view of a great island or continent (for        
we knew not which) on the south side whereof was a small neck of            
land jutting out into the sea, and a creek too shallow to hold a            
ship of above one hundred tons. We cast anchor within a league of this      
creek, and our Captain sent a dozen of his men well armed in the            
longboat, with vessels for water if any could be found. I desired           
his leave to go with them, that I might see the country, and make what      
discoveries I could. When we came to land we saw no river or spring,        
nor any sign of inhabitants. Our men therefore wandered on the shore        
to find out some fresh water near the sea, and I walked alone about         
a mile on the other side, where I observed the country all barren           
and rocky. I now began to be weary, and seeing nothing to entertain my      
curiosity, I returned gently down towards the creek; and the sea being      
full in my view, I saw our men already got into the boat, and rowing        
for life to the ship. I was going to halloo after them, although it         
had been to little purpose, when I observed a huge creature walking         
after them in the sea, as fast as he could: he waded not much deeper        
than his knees, and took prodigious strides: but our men had the start      
of him half a league, and the sea thereabouts being full of                 
sharp-pointed rocks, the monster was not able to overtake the boat.         
This I was afterwards told, for I dared not stay to see the issue of        
that adventure; but ran as fast as I could the way I first went, and        
then climbed up a steep hill, which gave me some prospect of the            
country. I found it fully cultivated; but that which first surprised        
me was the length of the grass, which in those grounds that seemed          
to be kept for hay, was about twenty feet high.                             
  I fell into a high road, for so I took it to be, though it served to      
the inhabitants only as a footpath through a field of barley. Here I        
walked on for some time, but could see little on either side, it being      
now near harvest, and the corn rising at least forty feet. I was an         
hour walking to the end of this field, which was fenced in with a           
hedge of at least one hundred and twenty feet high, and the trees so        
lofty that I could make no computation of their altitude. There was         
a stile to pass from this field into the next. It had four steps,           
and a stone to cross over when you came to the uppermost. It was            
impossible for me to climb this stile, because every step was six feet      
high, and the upper stone above twenty. I was endeavoring to find some      
gap in the hedge, when I discovered one of the inhabitants in the next      
field, advancing towards the stile, of the same size with him whom I        
saw in the sea pursuing our boat. He appeared as tall as an ordinary        
spire steeple, and took about ten yards at every stride, as near as         
I could guess. I was struck with the utmost fear and astonishment, and      
ran to hide myself in the corn, from whence I saw him at the top of         
the stile, looking back into the next field on the right hand, and          
heard him call in a voice many degrees louder than a speaking trumpet:      
but the noise was so high in the air, that at first I certainly             
thought it was thunder. Whereupon seven monsters like himself came          
towards him with reaping hooks in their hands, each hook about the          
size of six scythes. These people were not so well clad as the              
first, whose servants or laborers they seemed to be. For upon some          
words he spoke, they went to reap the corn in the field where I lay. I      
kept from them at as great a distance as I could, but was forced to         
move with extreme difficulty, for the stalks of the corn were               
sometimes not above a foot distant, so that I could hardly squeeze          
my body between them. However, I made a shift to go forward till I          
came to a part of the field where the corn had been laid by the rain        
and wind. Here it was impossible for me to advance a step; for the          
stalks were so interwoven that I could not creep through, and the           
beards of the fallen ears so strong and pointed that they pierced           
through my clothes into my flesh. At the same time I heard the reapers      
not above a hundred yards behind me. Being quite dispirited with toil,      
and wholly overcome by grief and despair, I lay down between two            
ridges, and heartily wished I might there end my days. I bemoaned my        
desolate widow, and fatherless children. I lamented my own folly and        
willfulness in attempting a second voyage against the advice of all my      
friends and relations. In this terrible agitation of mind I could           
not forbear thinking of Lilliput, whose inhabitants looked upon me          
as the greatest prodigy that ever appeared in the world; where I was        
able to draw an Imperial Fleet in my hand, and perform those other          
actions which will be recorded forever in the chronicles of that            
empire, while posterity shall hardly believe them, although attested        
by millions. I reflected what a mortification it must prove to me to        
appear as inconsiderable in this nation as one single Lilliputian           
would be among us. But this I conceived was to be the least of my           
misfortunes: for as human creatures are observed to be more savage and      
cruel in proportion to their bulk, what could I expect but to be a          
morsel in the mouth of the first among these enormous barbarians            
that should happen to seize me? Undoubtedly philosophers are in the         
right when they tell us, that nothing is great or little otherwise          
than by comparison. It might have pleased fortune to let the                
Lilliputians find some nation, where the people were as diminutive          
with respect to them, as they were to me. And who knows but that            
even this prodigious race of mortals might be equally overmatched in        
some distant part of the world, whereof we have yet no discovery?           
                                                     {P_2|CH_1 ^paragraph 5}
  Scared and confounded as I was, I could not forbear going on with         
these reflections, when one of the reapers approaching within ten           
yards of the ridge where I lay, made me apprehend that with the next        
step I should be squashed to death under his foot, or cut in two            
with his reaping hook. And therefore when he was again about to             
move, I screamed as loud as fear could make me. Whereupon the huge          
creature trod short, and looking round about under him for some             
time, at last espied me as I lay on the ground. He considered a             
while with the caution of one who endeavors to lay hold on a small          
dangerous animal in such a manner that it shall not be able either          
to scratch or to bite him, as I myself have sometimes done with a           
weasel in England. At length he ventured to take me up behind by the        
middle between his forefinger and thumb, and brought me within three        
yards of his eyes, that he might behold my shape more perfectly. I          
guessed his meaning, and my good fortune gave me so much presence of        
mind, that I resolved not to struggle in the least as he held me in         
the air about sixty feet from the ground, although he grievously            
pinched my sides, for fear I should slip through his fingers. All I         
ventured was to raise my eyes towards the sun, and place my hands           
together in a supplicating posture, and to speak some words in a            
humble melancholy tone, suitable to the condition I then was in. For I      
apprehended every moment that he would dash me against the ground,          
as we usually do any little hateful animal which we have a mind to          
destroy. But my good star would have it, that he appeared pleased with      
my voice and gestures, and began to look upon me as a curiosity,            
much wondering to hear me pronounce articulate words, although he           
could not understand them. In the meantime I was not able to forbear        
groaning and shedding tears, and turning my head towards my sides;          
letting him know, as well as I could, how cruelly I was hurt by the         
pressure of his thumb and finger. He seemed to apprehend my meaning;        
for, lifting up the lappet of his coat, he put me gently into it,           
and immediately ran along with me to his master, who was a substantial      
farmer, and the same person I had first seen in the field.                  
  The farmer having (as I supposed by their talk) received such an          
account of me as his servant could give him, took a piece of a small        
straw, about the size of a walking staff, and therewith lifted up           
the lappets of my coat; which it seems he thought to be some kind of        
covering that nature had given me. He blew my hair aside to take a          
better view of my face. He called his hinds about him, and asked            
them (as I afterwards learned) whether they had ever seen in the            
fields any little creature that resembled me. He then placed me softly      
on the ground upon all four, but I got immediately up, and walked           
slowly backwards and forwards, to let those people see I had no intent      
to run away. They all sat down in a circle about me, the better to          
observe my motions. I pulled off my hat, and made a low bow towards         
the farmer. I fell on my knees, and lifted up my hands and eyes, and        
spoke several words as loud as I could: I took a purse of gold out          
of my pocket, and humbly presented it to him. He received it on the         
palm of his hand, then applied it close to his eye, to see what it          
was, and afterwards turned it several times with the point of a pin         
(which he took out of his sleeve), but could make nothing of it.            
Whereupon I made a sign that he should place his hand on the ground. I      
took the purse, and opening it, poured all the gold into his palm.          
There were six Spanish pieces of four pistoles each, beside twenty          
or thirty smaller coins. I saw him wet the tip of his little finger         
upon his tongue, and take up one of my largest pieces, and then             
another, but he seemed to be wholly ignorant what they were. He made        
me a sign to put them again into my purse, and the purse again into my      
pocket, which after offering to him several times, I thought it best        
to do.                                                                      
  The farmer by this time was convinced I must be a rational creature.      
He spoke often to me, but the sound of his voice pierced my ears            
like that of a water mill, yet his words were articulate enough. I          
answered as loud as I could, in several languages, and he often laid        
his car within two yards of me, but all in vain, for we were wholly         
unintelligible to each other. He then sent his servants to their work,      
and taking his handkerchief out of his pocket, he doubled and spread        
it on his left hand, which he placed flat on the ground, with the palm      
upwards, making me a sign to step into it, as I could easily do, for        
it was not above a foot in thickness. I thought it my part to obey,         
and for fear of falling, laid myself at length upon the                     
handkerchief, with the remainder of which he lapped me up to the            
head for further security, and in this manner carried me home to his        
house. There he called his wife, and showed me to her; but she              
screamed and ran back, as women in England do at the sight of a toad        
or a spider. However, when she had a while seen my behavior, and how        
well I observed the signs her husband made, she was soon reconciled,        
and by degrees grew extremely tender of me.                                 
  It was about twelve at noon, and a servant brought in dinner. It was      
only one substantial dish of meat (fit for the plain condition of an        
husbandman) in a dish of about twenty-four feet in diameter. The            
company were the farmer and his wife, three children, and an old            
grandmother. When they sat down, the farmer placed me at some distance      
from him on the table, which was thirty feet high from the floor. I         
was in a terrible fright, and kept as far as I could from the edge for      
fear of falling. The wife minced a bit of meat, then crumbled some          
bread on a trencher, and placed it before me. I made her a low bow,         
took out my knife and fork, and fell to eating, which gave them             
exceeding delight. The mistress sent her maid for a small dram cup,         
which held about three gallons, and filled it with drink; I took up         
the vessel with much difficulty in both hands, and in a most                
respectful manner drank to her ladyship's health, expressing the words      
as loud as I could in English, which made the company laugh so              
heartily, that I was almost deafened with the noise. This liquor            
tasted like a small cider, and was not unpleasant. Then the master          
made me a sign to come to his trencher side; but as I walked on the         
table, being in great surprise all the time, as the indulgent reader        
will easily conceive and excuse, I happened to stumble against a            
crust, and fell flat on my face, but received no hurt. I got up             
immediately, and observing the good people to be in much concern, I         
took my hat (which I held under my arm out of good manners) and waving      
it over my head, made three huzzas, to show I had gotten no mischief        
by my fall. But advancing forwards toward my master (as I shall             
henceforth call him), his youngest son who sat next him, an arch boy        
of about ten years old, took me up by the legs, and held me so high in      
the air, that I trembled every limb; but his father snatched me from        
him, and at the same time gave him such a box on the left ear, as           
would have felled an European troop of horse to the earth, ordering         
him to be taken from the table. But being afraid the boy might owe          
me a spite, and well remembering how mischievous all children among us      
naturally are to sparrows, rabbits, young kittens, and puppy dogs, I        
fell on my knees, and pointing to the boy, made my master to                
understand, as well as I could, that I desired his son might be             
pardoned. The father complied, and the lad took his seat again;             
whereupon I went to him and kissed his hand, which my master took, and      
made him stroke me gently with it.                                          
  In the midst of dinner, my mistress' favorite cat leaped into her         
lap. I heard a noise behind me like that of a dozen stocking-weavers        
at work; and turning my head, I found it proceeded from the purring of      
this animal, who seemed to be three times larger than an ox, as I           
computed by the view of her head, and one of her paws, while her            
mistress was feeding and stroking her. The fierceness of this               
creature's countenance altogether discomposed me; though I stood at         
the farther end of the table, above fifty feet off and although my          
mistress held her fast for fear she might give a spring, and seize          
me in her talons. But it happened there was no danger; for the cat          
took not the least notice of me when my master placed me within             
three yards of her. And as I have been always told, and found true          
by experience in my travels, that flying, or discovering fear way to        
make it pursue or attack you, so I resolved in this dangerous juncture      
to show no manner of concern. I walked with intrepidity five or six         
times before the very head of the cat, and came within half a yard          
of her; whereupon she drew herself back, as if she were more afraid of      
me: I had less apprehension concerning the dogs, whereof three or four      
came into the room, as it is usual in farmers' houses; one of which         
was a mastiff, equal in bulk to four elephants, and a greyhound,            
somewhat taller than the mastiff, but not so large.                         
                                                    {P_2|CH_1 ^paragraph 10}
  When dinner was almost done, the nurse came in with a Child of a          
year old in her arms, who immediately spied me, and began a squall          
that you might have heard from London Bridge to Chelsea, after the          
usual oratory of infants, to get me for a plaything. The mother out of      
pure indulgence took me up, and put me towards the child, who               
presently seized me by the middle, and got my head in his mouth, where      
I roared so loud that the urchin was frightened, and let me drop;           
and I should infallibly have broken my neck if the mother had not held      
her apron under me. The nurse to quiet her babe made use of a               
rattle, which was a kind of hollow vessel filled with great stones,         
and fastened by a cable to the childs waist: but all in vain, so            
that she was forced to apply the last remedy by giving it suck. I must      
confess no object ever disgusted me so much as the sight of her             
monstrous breast, which I cannot tell what to compare with, so as to        
give the curious reader an idea of its bulk, shape and color. It stood      
prominent six feet, and could not be less than sixteen in                   
circumference. The nipple was about half the size of my head, and           
the hue both of that and the dug so varified with spots, pimples and        
freckles, that nothing could appear more nauseous: for I had a near         
sight of her, she sitting down the more conveniently to give suck, and      
I standing on the table. This made me reflect upon the fair skins of        
our English ladies, who appear so beautiful to us, only because they        
are of our own size, and their defects not to be seen but through a         
magnifying glass, where we find by experiment that the smoothest and        
whitest skins look rough and coarse, and ill colored.                       
  I remember when I was at Lilliput, the complexion of those                
diminutive people appeared to me the fairest in the world; and talking      
upon this subject with a person of learning there, who was an intimate      
friend of mine, he said that my face appeared much fairer and smoother      
when he looked on me from the ground, than it did upon a nearer view        
when I took him up in my hand and brought him close, which he               
confessed was at first a very shocking sight. He said he could              
discover great holes in my skin; that the stumps of my beard were           
ten times stronger than the bristles of a boar, and my complexion made      
up of several colors altogether disagreeable: although I must beg           
leave to say for myself, that I am as fair as most of my sex and            
country, and very little sunburned by all my travels. On the other          
side, discoursing of the ladies in that Emperor's court, he used to         
tell me, one had freckles, another too wide a mouth, a third too large      
a nose, nothing of which I was able to distinguish. I confess this          
reflection was obvious enough; which however I could not forbear, lest      
the reader might think those vast creatures were actually deformed:         
for I must do them justice to say they are a comely race of people;         
and particularly the features of my master's countenance, although          
he were but a farmer, when I beheld him from the height of sixty feet,      
appeared very well proportioned.                                            
  When dinner was done, my master went out to his laborers, and as I        
could discover by his voice and gesture, gave his wife a strict charge      
to take care of me. I was very much tired, and disposed to sleep,           
which my mistress perceiving, she put me on her own bed, and covered        
me with a clean white handkerchief, larger and coarser than the             
mainsail of a man of war.                                                   
  I slept about two hours, and dreamed I was at home with my wife           
and children, which aggravated my sorrows when I awakened and found         
myself alone in a vast room, between two and three hundred feet             
wide, and above two hundred high, lying in a bed twenty yards wide. My      
mistress was gone about her household affairs, and had locked me in.        
The bed was eight yards from the floor. Some natural necessities            
required me to get down; I dare not presume to call, and if I had,          
it would have been in vain, with such a voice as mine, at so great a        
distance from the room where I lay to the kitchen where the family          
kept. While I was under these circumstances, two rats crept up the          
curtains, and ran smelling backwards and forwards on the bed. One of        
them came up almost to my face, whereupon I rose in a fright, and drew      
out my hanger to defend myself. These horrible animals had the              
boldness to attack me on both sides, and one of them held his               
fore-feet at my collar; but I had the good fortune to rip up his belly      
before he could do me any mischief. He fell down at my feet, and the        
other, seeing the fate of his comrade, made his escape, but not             
without one good wound on the back, which I gave him as he fled, and        
made the blood run trickling from him. After this exploit, I walked         
gently to and fro on the bed, to recover my breath and loss of              
spirits. These creatures were of the size of a large mastiff, but           
infinitely more nimble and fierce, so that if I had taken off my            
belt before I went to sleep, I must have infallibly been torn to            
pieces and devoured. I measured the tail of the dead rat, and found it      
to be two yards long, wanting an inch; but it went against my               
stomach to drag the carcass off the bed, where it lay still                 
bleeding; I observed it had yet some life, but with a strong slash          
cross the neck, I thoroughly dispatched it.                                 
  Soon after my mistress came into the room, who seeing me all bloody,      
ran and took me up in her hand. I pointed to the dead rat, smiling and      
making other signs to show I was not hurt, whereat she was extremely        
rejoiced, calling the maid to take up the dead rat with a pair of           
tongs, and throw it out of the window. Then she set me on a table,          
where I showed her my hanger all bloody, and wiping it on the lappet        
of my coat, returned it to the scabbard. I was pressed to do more than      
one thing, which another could not do for me, and therefore endeavored      
to make my mistress understand that I desired to be set down on the         
floor; which after she had done, my bashfulness would not suffer me to      
express myself farther than by pointing to the door, and bowing             
several times. The good woman with much difficulty at last perceived        
what I would be at, and taking me up again in her hand, walked into         
the garden, where she set me down. I went on one side about two             
hundred yards, and beckoning to her not to look or to follow me, I hid      
myself between two leaves of sorrel and there discharged the                
necessities of nature.                                                      
                                                    {P_2|CH_1 ^paragraph 15}
  I hope the gentle reader will excuse me for dwelling on these and         
the like particulars, which however insignificant they may appear to        
grovelling vulgar minds, yet will certainly help a philosopher to           
enlarge his thoughts and imagination, and apply them to the benefit of      
public as well as private life, which was my sole design in presenting      
this and other accounts of my travels to the world; wherein I have          
been chiefly studious of truth, without affecting any ornaments of          
learning or of style. But the whole scene of this voyage made so            
strong an impression on my mind, and is so deeply fixed in my               
memory, that in committing it to paper I did not omit one material          
circumstance: however, upon a strict review, I blotted out several          
passages of less moment which were in my first copy, for fear of being      
censured as tedious and trifling, whereof travelers are often, perhaps      
not without justice, accused.                                               
                                                                            
P_2|CH_2                                                                    
  CHAPTER II                                                                
-                                                                           
  My mistress had a daughter of nine years old, a child of forward          
parts for her age, very dextrous at her needle, and skillful in             
dressing her baby. Her mother and she contrived to fit up the baby's        
cradle for me against night: the cradle was put into a small drawer of      
a cabinet, and the drawer placed upon a hanging shelf for fear of           
the rats. This was my bed all the time I stayed with those people,          
though made more convenient by degrees, as I began to learn their           
language, and make my wants known. This young girl was so handy,            
that after I had once or twice pulled off my clothes before her, she        
was able to dress and undress me, though I never gave her that trouble      
when she would let me do either myself. She made me seven shirts,           
and some other linen, of as fine cloth as could be got, which indeed        
was coarser than sackcloth; and these she constantly washed for me          
with her own hands. She was likewise my school mistress to teach me         
the language: when I pointed to anything, she told me the name of it        
in her own tongue, so that in a few days I was able to call for             
whatever I had a mind to. She was very good-natured, and not above          
forty feet high, being little for her age. She gave me the name of          
Grildrig, which the family took up, and afterwards the whole                
kingdom. The word imports what the Latins call nanunculus the Italians      
homunceletino, and the English mannikin. To her I chiefly owe my            
preservation in that country: we never parted while I was there; I          
called her my Glumdalclitch, or little nurse: and I should be guilty        
of great ingratitude if I omitted this honorable mention of her care        
and affection towards me, which I heartily wish it lay in my power          
to requite as she deserves, instead of being the innocent but               
unhappy instrument of her disgrace, as I have too much reason to fear.      
  It now began to be known and talked of in the neighborhood, that          
my master had found a strange animal in the field, about the bigness        
of a splacknuck, but exactly shaped in every part like a human              
creature; which it likewise imitated in all its actions; seemed to          
speak in a little language of its own, had already learned several          
words of theirs, went erect upon two legs, was tame and gentle,             
would come when it was called, do whatever it was bid, had the              
finest limbs in the world, and a complexion fairer than a nobleman's        
daughter of three years old. Another farmer who lived hard by, and was      
a particular friend of my master, came on a visit on purpose to             
inquire into the truth of this story. I was immediately produced,           
and placed upon a table, where I walked as I was commanded, drew my         
hanger, put it up again, made my reverence to my master's guest, asked      
him in his own language how he did, and told him he was welcome,            
just as my little nurse had instructed me. This man, who was old and        
dim-sighted, put on his spectacles to behold me better, at which I          
could not forbear laughing very heartily, for his eyes appeared like        
the full moon shining into a chamber at two windows. Our people, who        
discovered the cause of my mirth, bore me company in laughing, at           
which the old fellow was fool enough to be angry and out of                 
countenance. He had the character of a great miser, and to my               
misfortune he well deserved it, by the cursed advice he gave my master      
to show me as a sight upon a market day in the next town, which was         
half an hour's riding, about twenty-two miles from our house. I             
guessed there was some mischief contriving, when I observed my              
master and his friend whispering long together, sometimes pointing          
at me; and my fears made me fancy that I overheard and understood some      
of their words. But the next morning Glumdalclitch, my little nurse,        
told me the whole matter, which she had cunningly picked out from           
her mother. The poor girl laid me on her bosom, and fell weeping            
with shame and grief. She apprehended some mischief would happen to me      
from rude vulgar folks, who might squeeze me to death, or break one of      
my limbs by taking me in their hands. She had also observed how modest      
I was in my nature, how nicely I regarded my honor, and what an             
indignity I should conceive it to be exposed for money as a public          
spectacle to the meanest of the people. She said, her papa and mamma        
had promised that Grildrig should be hers, but now she found they           
meant to serve her as they did last year, when they pretended to            
give her a lamb, and yet, as soon as it was fat, sold it to a butcher.      
For my own part, I may truly affirm that I was less concerned than          
my nurse. I had a strong hope which never left me, that I should one        
day recover my liberty; and as to the ignominy of being carried             
about for a monster, I considered myself to be a perfect stranger in        
the country, and that such a misfortune could never be charged upon me      
as a reproach, if ever I should return to England; since the King of        
Great Britain himself, in my condition, must have undergone the same        
distress.                                                                   
  My master, pursuant to the advice of his friend, carried me in a box      
the next market day to the neighboring town, and took along with him        
his little daughter, my nurse, upon a pillion behind him. The box           
was close on every side, with a little door for me to go in and out,        
and a few gimlet holes to let in air. The girl had been so careful          
to put the quilt of her baby's bed into it, for me to lie down on.          
However, I was terribly shaken and discomposed in this journey, though      
it were but of half an hour. For the horse went about forty feet at         
every step, and trotted so high, that the agitation was equal to the        
rising and falling of a ship in a great storm, but much more frequent.      
Our journey was somewhat further than from London to St. Albans. My         
master alighted at an inn which he used to frequent; and after              
consulting a while with the inn-keeper, and making some necessary           
preparations, he hired the Grultrud, or crier, to give notice               
through the town of a strange creature to be seen at the Sign of the        
Green Eagle, not so big as a splacknuck (an animal in that country          
very finely shaped, about six foot long) and in every part of the body      
resembling a human creature, could speak several words, and perform         
a hundred diverting tricks.                                                 
  I was placed upon a table in the largest room of the inn, which           
might be near three hundred feet square. My little nurse stood on a         
low stool close to the table, to take care of me, and direct what I         
should do. My master, to avoid a crowd, would suffer only thirty            
people at a time to see me. I walked about on the table as the girl         
commanded: she asked me questions as far as she knew my                     
understanding of the language reached, and I answered them as loud          
as I could. I turned about several times to the company, paid my            
humble respects, said they were welcome, and used some other                
speeches I had been taught. I took up a thimble filled with liquor,         
which Glumdalclitch had given me for a cup, and drank their health.         
I drew out my hanger, and flourished it after the manner of fencers in      
England. My nurse gave me part of a straw, which I exercised as a           
pike, having learned the art in my youth. I was that day shown to           
twelve sets of company, and as often forced to go over again with           
the same fopperies, till I was half dead with weariness and                 
vexation. For those who had seen me made such wonderful reports,            
that the people were ready to break down the doors to come in. My           
master for his own interest would not suffer any one to touch me            
except my nurse; and, to prevent danger, benches were set around the        
table at such a distance as put me out of everybody's reach.                
However, an unlucky schoolboy aimed a hazel nut directly at my head,        
which very narrowly missed me; otherwise, it came with so much              
violence, that it would have infallibly knocked out my brains, for          
it was almost as large as a small pumpion: but I had the                    
satisfaction to see the young rogue well beaten, and turned out of the      
room.                                                                       
  My master gave public notice that he would show me again the next         
market day, and in the meantime he prepared a more convenient               
vehicle for me, which he had reason enough to do; for I was so tired        
with my first journey, and with entertaining company for eight hours        
together, that I could hardly stand upon my legs or speak a word. It        
was at least three days before I recovered my strength; and that I          
might have no rest at home, all the neighboring gentlemen from a            
hundred miles around, hearing of my fame, came to see me at my              
master's own house. There could not be fewer than thirty persons            
with their wives and children (for the country is very populous);           
and my master demanded the rate of a full room whenever he showed me        
at home, although it were only to a single family; so that for some         
time I had but little ease every day of the week (except Wednesday,         
which is their Sabbath) although I were not carried to the town.            
                                                     {P_2|CH_2 ^paragraph 5}
  My master, finding how profitable I was likely to be, resolved to         
carry me to the most considerable cities of the kingdom. Having             
therefore provided himself with all things necessary for a long             
journey, and settled his affairs at home, he took leave of his wife,        
and upon the 17th of August, 1703, about two months after my                
arrival, we set out for the metropolis, situated near the middle of         
that empire, and about three thousand miles distance from our house.        
My master made his daughter Glumdalclitch ride behind him. She carried      
me on her lap in a box tied about her waist. The girl had lined it          
on all sides with the softest cloth she could get, well quilted             
underneath, furnished it with her baby's bed, provided me with linen        
and other necessaries, and made everything as convenient as she could.      
We had no other company but a boy of the house, who rode after us with      
the luggage.                                                                
  My master's design was to show me in all the towns by the way, and        
to step out of the road for fifty or a hundred miles, to any village        
or person of quality's house where he might expect custom. We made          
easy journeys of not above seven or eight score miles a day: for            
Glumdalclitch, on purpose to spare me, complained she was tired with        
the trotting of the horse. She often took me out of my box at my own        
desire, to give me air and show me the country, but always held me          
fast by a leading string. We passed over five or six rivers many            
degrees broader and deeper than the Nile or the Ganges; and there           
was hardly a rivulet so small as the Thames at London Bridge. We            
were ten weeks in our journey, and I was shown in eighteen large towns      
besides many villages and private families.                                 
  On the 26th day of October, we arrived at the metropolis, called          
in their language Lorbrulgrud, or Pride of the Universe. My master          
took a lodging in the principal street of the city, not far from the        
royal palace, and put out bills in the usual form, containing an exact      
description of my person and parts. He hired a large room between           
three and four hundred feet wide. He provided a table sixty feet in         
diameter, upon which I was to act my part, and palisadoed it around         
three feet from the edge, and as many high, to prevent my falling           
over. I was shown ten times a day to the wonder and satisfaction of         
all people. I could now speak the language tolerably well, and              
perfectly understood every word that was spoken to me. Besides, I           
had learned their alphabet, and could make a shift to explain a             
