     Ernie thought of Lucy, Ricky, and Vito, all of whom were
somewhere behind them. "No, let's just keep going."
     "It doesn't really matter which way we go," commented Sterno.
"After all, all roads lead to Rome."
     Ernie thought about that. "It seems to me that would cause a
lot of traffic problems," he said reflectively.
     The Fly peered into the distance. "Somebody's coming!"
     Ernie started. "Uh oh, what do we do now?" He thought a
moment. "Are they Romans or Huns?"
     "How should I know!" The Fly answered.
     "Well, what are they wearing?"
     "Funny outfits!" The Fly shrugged. "What are they supposed to
be wearing?"
     Ernie sighed. "I dunno. I sort of hoped they'd be wearing
togas, or something." The men approaching were coming into Ernie's
range of vision. They seemed to be a military patrol. They wore
armor, some kind of leggings, and carried shields, bows and spears.
     "So, what are they?" the Fly wanted to know. "Romans or Huns?"
     "I dunno," Ernie said. "Might as well flip a coin, I guess."
     "You got a coin?"
     "I left all my money in my other pants pocket," Ernie
admitted. 
     "So, just pick one, then," the Fly urged.
     "Well, Romans then. If they're Romans, we could talk to them
in Latin. I don't know what we could do if they're Huns. What
language do they speak, Hungarian? I don't speak Hungarian."
     "Do you speak Latin?" asked Sterno sarcastically.
     "Well...well...I used to watch a lot of gladiator movies,"
said Ernie hopefully.
     "Good enough!" said the Fly encouragingly. "You go talk to
them, then!"
     "Why ME?!"
     "It was your idea!" the Fly returned.
     "It was NOT my idea! I never..."
     "We'll just go hide in these bushes in the meantime!" The Fly
sprinted off towards a little group of bushes on the other side of
the hill, followed by Sterno and Captain Memory.
     Ernie saw that the soldiers had noticed him. They were
pointing in his direction and saying something that Ernie could not
make out. Ernie decided his only course of action was to brazen it
out. He bit his lip uncertainly, and walked forward in what he
hoped would seem like a confident manner. He tried to think of
something to say in Latin. "Uh, `E Pluribus Unum'!'" he called out.
"`Gallia est divisio in partes tres!'"
     They soldiers looked at him. "Hey, get a load a this!" the
first soldier said. "It's a Roman in a funny outfit!" He turned to
the soldier next to him. "Hey Frank, gimme an arrow, will ya? I
wanna shoot this guy!"
     Ernie realized that he had made a serious tactical error. He
decided that the correct move at this point would be to beat a
hasty retreat. Turning abruptly, he sprinted towards the other side
of the hill, half-expecting to feel an arrow in his back at any
moment. As he ran, he could hear little bits of the soldier's
conversation drifting in his direction: "...whaddya mean, you don't
got any arrows! I told you to save some arrows! How come nobody
never does what I tell 'em?"
     Ernie ran for the bunch of bushes the others were hiding in.
     "What happened?" the Fly asked eagerly.
     "We guessed wrong," answered Ernie glumly.
     "Well, we better do something," said the Fly. "'Cause they're
coming this way!"
     "I don't think they can find us in here!" said Ernie
hopefully.
     "Oh, yes, they can," returned Sterno. "There's a trail of
sequins leading right to us!"
     Ernie's heart sank. He knew he'd never hear the end of this.
     "Oh man," said the Fly. "You better ditch that suit! It's
getting us in a lot of trouble!"
     Luckily, Ernie still had his fur loincloth, sandals, and
plastic broadsword. He had been afraid to discard them, since,
after all, he had put a forty-dollar deposit on them. He quickly
changed into the Goombah the Barbarian costume, and hid the
toreador outfit under a rock.
     No sooner had he finished changing then they heard a voice
coming from behind them. "Hey, what are you guys doing in those
bushes?"
     The same group of soldiers Ernie had encountered on the road
was there behind them. Ernie thought fast. "Uh, we're looking for
blueberries! You guys see any blueberries around here?"
     "No," answered the first soldier. "And anyway, it ain't
blueberry season, so why don't you guys come out of there, real
slow?" The soldiers held their spears in a menacing fashion.
     "Sure, whatever you say," Ernie laughed nervously.
     The soldiers inspected the foursome suspiciously. The first
soldier looked at Ernie. "So, what are you supposed to be?"
     "Uh, I'm Goombah the Barbarian!" Ernie announced.
     The first soldier guffawed. "Hey Frank, get a load a this!
This guy thinks he's a barbarian!" The other soldiers laughed
uproariously.
     Ernie sulked. He didn't see what was so funny about it.
     "What did he say his name was?" asked Frank. "Gumby? Gumby the
Barbarian?" The soldiers all laughed hysterically. "Lookit this -
he's got a plastic broadsword! A real tough guy!" He doubled over
with laughter.
     The first soldier gradually composed himself. "Say," he said,
wiping tears of laughter from his eyes. "You didn't see a Roman in
a funny suit go by here, did you? He left a trail of sequins that
led right in here!"
     Ernie thought fast, again. "Uh, as a matter of fact, yeah. He
went thataway." Ernie pointed down the road.
     The soldiers looked in that direction. "Aw, we might as well
forget it. We'll never get him now!" The second soldier looked at
Ernie. "So, what are we gonna do with Gumby here?" At the mention
of the name `Gumby', the soldiers all started laughing hysterically
again. 
     "`Gumby the Barbarian', huh?" the first soldier commented,
after he had stopped laughing to the point that he could speak
again. "Well, I'm Joe the Hun," he said, introducing himself. "This
here's Frank the Hun, and back there, that's Pete the Hun." He
looked at the foursome. "What a weird bunch! I guess we'd better
take all you guys to the boss!"
     "Who's the boss?" asked Ernie. 
     "Attila the Hun!" answered Joe.
     `That figures', Ernie thought. Ernie decided that maybe he
would go along and meet Attila the Hun, especially since he
couldn't see any alternative at the moment. The foursome headed off
down the road in the direction of the burning village, escorted by
the Hun soldiers.
     After a few minutes walk they entered the encampment of the
Huns. The soldiers led them to a large tent, where they were
ushered into the presence of an imposing figure. A large, heavily
muscled man in armor sat or a golden throne, leaning on a huge
broadsword. "Attila, King of the Huns!" a soldier announced.
     Attila regarded the foursome carefully. "Why have you brought
these creatures before me?" he demanded in a thunderous voice.
     "Uh, well sir," said Joe the Hun timidly. "We didn't know what
else to do with them." He started to giggle. "This one," he pointed
at Ernie. "He says his name's Gumby the Barbarian!" He put his hand
over his mouth to stifle his laughter.
     Attila regarded Ernie seriously. "Is that correct?" he
demanded sternly.
     "Uh, actually it's `Goombah'" Ernie said timorously.
     Attila erupted in thunderous laughter. "That's great! `Gumby
the Barbarian!' That's hysterical!" He turned to the soldiers. "You
guys dressed him up like this for a joke, right?"
     "No, it's for real!" Joe protested. "We just found 'em like
this!" 
     Attila doubled over with laughter. Wiping the tears from his
eyes, he turned to the Fly. "Hey, lookit this guy's mask! It's
really weird!" 
     "That's not a mask!" the Fly was offended. "That's my face!"
     Attila erupted into hysterical laughter again. "He says it's
his face! That cracks me up!" The laughter was contagious; all the
soldiers were doubled up with laughter, too.
     "Hey, Gumby!" Attila chortled. "What are you gonna do with
that plastic broadsword? You gonna loot, pillage and rape?"
     "Well, uh," Ernie stammered. "I'm, uh, not exactly sure how to
do that. Besides, uh, don't you need a license for that, or
something?"
     Attila broke up again. "`License to loot'! I love it! These
guys are hysterical!"
     Sterno was getting annoyed. "This IS getting a bit tedious!"
he complained.
     Attila's jaw dropped. "Wow! A talking dog! What a great act!
I get it now, you guys are traveling clowns, right? You're part of
a circus, right?"
     Captain Memory looked perturbed. He seemed to be sensitive
about being called a clown. "Is that an insult?"
     Attila collapsed in laughter again. "`Is that an insult?', he
says, and he says it with a straight face! You guys really crack me
up!"
     The foursome shifted about uncomfortably while Attila buried
his face in his arms, laughing uncontrollably. After what seemed to
be a very long time, Attila looked up, tears of laughter still
streaming down his face. "Say, you guys are just great! We've been
doing so much raping, looting, and pillaging that it's just not
that much fun anymore! What I really need these days is a good
laugh! I feel a lot better now!" He thought a moment. "I think I'll
give you guys a reward!" He turned to Ernie. "How about a bag of
gold? Would you like that?" 
     Ernie considered that. "Yeah, I guess that would be nice. I
owe kind of a lot of money right now, and I've been having a lot of
problem with bill collectors."
     Attila chuckled. "Yeah, I had a lot of trouble with bill
collectors, too. But I solved that problem. Wanna know how?"
     "Yeah!" Ernie was excited. Maybe he could use this solution
for his bill-paying problems.
     Attila chuckled. "I chopped their heads off! You should have
seen their faces!" He thought a moment. "In fact, I think I still
have them around here somewhere. Wanna see 'em?"
     Ernie grimaced. "No that's okay. I'm not supposed to look at
severed heads. It makes my stomach hurt."
     At this, Attila collapsed into helpless laughter again. "You
guys are just a laugh a minute! Just when I think I've heard it
all, you come up with another one!" 
     Ernie frowned. None of this seemed very funny to him at all.
"You Huns really have a strange sense of humor."
     Attila's brow furled. "We do, huh?" he said menacingly.
     Sterno and the Fly turned to look at Ernie. Ernie shuffled
uncomfortably. It occurred to him that maybe he shouldn't have said
that. 
     A broad grin appeared across Attila's face. "That's funny! I
like it!" Ernie heaved a sigh of relief.
      Suddenly, a messenger ran up to the King of the Huns. "Your
magnificence, we found these strangers lurking around the edge of
the camp!" 
     Ernie looked behind him. Hun soldiers were dragging forth
three struggling captives. The first was someone Ernie did not
recognize -  a beefy man in an ill-fitting suit. The other two were
Lucy and Desi. "Oh, Vito!" Lucy said to the beefy man. "Make them
let us go!"
     "Oh my gosh!" said Ernie involuntarily.
     Attila looked at Ernie sternly. "Do you know these people?"
     "Uh, sort of," Ernie admitted. "They're, uh, bill collectors!"
     Attila's face lit up. "Bill collectors! My favorite! Oh, what
fun! Let's see," he paused reflectively. "Shall we boil them in
oil, or flay them alive? Maybe we could boil them until they're
tender, and then flay them? Or maybe..." He strode off to examine
his new captives, leaving Ernie and the other alone. 
     "Looks like you've solved the bill collector problem," Sterno
said to Ernie.
     "Uh, yeah, I guess so," decided Ernie. "So, why don't we get
out of here before Attila decides to do something like that to us,
too?"
     "Oh, he wouldn't do that," the Fly said. "Attila likes us!"
     Ernie watched as Attila fingered Lucy's red curls. Lucy bit
him. Attila drew his sword.
     Ernie decided he didn't want to watch what came next. "Just
the same, let's go, okay?"
     "What's the matter?" said Sterno tauntingly. "Don't you want
to see what Attila's going to do to them?"
     "Uh, I'd just as soon not, all right? Let's just go, okay?
     Sterno continued to look back. "Looks like Lucy's losing her
head over Attila," he said, smirking. Ernie's stomach turned over
again. He hadn't really felt very good ever since eating that
remote control unit; he was sure he didn't want to see anything
that might make him feel worse.  
      Attila strode back to his throne, his huge broadsword
dripping bright red blood. "Gee, that was fun!" He sighed. "Well,
I guess I gotta get back to business. Who am I supposed to see
next?"
     "Three representatives of the King of the Parthians, your
majesty," an attendant told him.
     "Oh yeah? What are their names?"
     "Larry, Moe, and Curly," the attendant answered.
     Attila thought a moment. "Are they funny?"
     "I believe so, sire."
     "Well then, let's see 'em!" With that, the foursome found
themselves ushered out of the tent.
     The four of them stood outside Attila's tent. "Well, now
what?" The Fly wanted to know.
     "That's a good question," Captain Memory began. "Yes sir,
that..."
     "Okay, okay," Ernie cut him off. He didn't want to hear that
whole thing all over again. "Let's just get out of here, okay?
Everybody keeps pointing at us and laughing!" Sure enough, as they
looked around, they noticed the passing Huns all pointing the
foursome out to each other and making what Ernie was sure were
snide comments. Ernie in particular was getting very sensitive
about snide comments made at his expense. "Let's go, guys, okay?"
he urged.
     They began walking down the yellow brick road, heading out of
the Hun's camp. 
     Soon they were out of the camp, and heading once again across
the green hills. The road rolled on before them, over hill and
dale, heading towards Rome - maybe.
     The road seemed to stretch on endlessly in front of them.
Ernie sighed. It looked like it was going to be a long walk.
     After what seemed to be a very long time they noticed
something up ahead of them. It seemed to be a huge cloud of dust
heading across the countryside. Whatever it was, it was going to
cross the road a short distance in front of them.
     Ernie strained his eyes. "Can you make out what that is?" he
said to the Fly.
     "Oh wow," said the Fly. "It's a cattle drive!"
     "Don't be ridiculous!" snapped Sterno. "Cattle can't drive!"
     "No, no," the Fly protested. "It's cows! A whole bunch of
cows!"
     "`Herd' of cows," Ernie corrected.
     "Of course I've heard of cows!" snapped Sterno. "Don't be
insulting!"
     "Well, they're coming this way," the Fly said.
     As the four walked along, they began to make out more clearly
a vast number of cattle, raising a huge cloud of dust with their
hooves. "What are all these cattle doing here?" Ernie wondered.
     As if in answer to that question, a lone figure on a horse
came galloping toward them.
     "Hey, it's a cowboy!" the Fly said cheerfully. "Hiya, cowboy!"
He waved.
     The cowboy galloped up to them and stopped. "Howdy! Any of you
boys know the way to Abilene?"
     Ernie looked around. "Uh, sorry. I'm a stranger here myself."
     The cowboy scratched his head. "This country don't look at all
familiar! We ain't seen a thing we recognize fer quite a spell,
now. Y'all know where this here road leads?"
     Ernie thought a moment. "Uh, I think it leads to Rome, but I'm
not sure."
     The cowboy considered that. "Rome? Is that in Kansas?"
     "I don't think so," Ernie said. 
     The cowboy stroked his horse's muzzle. "Well, Toto," he said
to his horse. "I don't think we're in Kansas anymore!" He turned
back to Ernie. "Well, thank ya'll kindly!" he said, tipping his
hat. He galloped back to rejoin the herd.
     Ernie turned to Captain Memory. "What do you make of that?"
     "Tsk, tsk," the Captain shook his head. "The file corruption
is getting really severe. More and more data is turning up in the
wrong sector. I really don't know if the system is going to be able
to stand much more of this!"
     Ernie found this comment disturbing. "Why? What'll happen
then?"
     The Captain shook his head sadly. "Well...well, it might..."
He trailed off.
     Ernie hated it when people trailed off. It always made him
terribly uneasy. "It might...what?" he prompted.
     Captain Memory looked uncomfortable. "Are you sure you want to
know?"
     Ernie thought about this for a moment, and decided the Captain
was right: he didn't want to know. 
     The Fly, however, had become interested in the subject. "Oh,
I get it, we're supposed to guess, right?" he said brightly. "First
syllable? Sounds like?" He began gesticulating in a peculiar way,
as though trying to act out some unknown word. "This is fun!"
     Sterno grimaced. "Will you please stop making those disgusting
motions? I can't even begin to tell you how utterly offensive they
look!"
     The Fly paid no attention. "I know, I know, it's a movie star,
right?" He began prancing about in a very disconcerting manner. "Is
it a dancer, huh? A dancer?"
     "Well, no..." Captain Memory looked very uncomfortable.
     "I know! I know!" The Fly jumped up and down excitedly. "It's
Fred Astaire, right? Fred Astaire?"
     "Uh, no..." Captain Memory shifted about awkwardly.
     "Gene Kelly!" The Fly shouted excitedly. "It's Gene Kelly,
right?"
     "Uh-uh." The Captain looked at the ground.
     "For heaven sake's, tell him already!" snapped Sterno.
"Nothing else is going to shut him up!"
     Ernie winced. He really didn't want to hear this. If it was
bad enough for Captain Memory to warn him about, it must be really
terrible. Especially considering all the terrible things the
Captain had told him WITHOUT warning him. He shuddered. No, he
definitely didn't want to hear this.
     Captain Memory looked very unhappy. "It's...uh..."
     "I know! I know!" The Fly was totally involved with the game.
"Carmen Miranda! It's Carmen Miranda, right?"
     Captain Memory sighed. "It's...well, it's...TOTAL SYSTEM
FAILURE!"
     The Fly was totally taken aback. "Huh? Sister Failure? Who's
she?" He sulked. "It's not fair to use people who aren't famous!
How am I supposed to guess that? What movies has she been in,
anyway?"
     Ernie sighed with relief. System Failure. Well, that wasn't
that bad! He frowned. It suddenly occurred to him that he might
feel differently if he had any idea what a `system failure' was.
"What..." he started to say, then stopped. On second thought,
perhaps he'd rather not know.
     "What in the world is a `total system failure' supposed to
be?" Sterno demanded irritatedly.
     Captain Memory sighed. "That's when you totally exceed the
operating parameters of the system, to the point where not even the
multiple-redundant neural-net backups can compensate for it any
more."
     "Huh?" Ernie wasn't following that.
     "Well," Captain Memory simplified. "It's sort of like the
system has a heart attack."
     Ernie thought about that. "And, if the system has a heart
attack..."
     "Then WE have a heart attack," Sterno finished for him.
     Ernie moaned quietly. He'd had a feeling it was going to be
something like this. Why did they have to tell him this, anyway?
What was he, Ernie, supposed to do about it? What did they have to
tell him if there wasn't anything he could do about it? His stomach
hurt. He decided to try to think about something else.
     Their path was now blocked by the herd, forcing the foursome
to cool their heels and wait for the animals to pass. They waited
while thousands of cattle went by, raising a huge cloud of choking
dust. Finally, the herd passed and the four continued on their way.
       They walked for what once again seemed a very long time,
finding nothing. Finally, the Fly noticed something. "Seems to be
something going on up ahead," he commented. "Looks like a chariot
pulled over by the side of the road."
     As the foursome approached, they could see that it indeed was
a chariot. Four Romans in togas stood around it. A tire on one of
the wheels seemed to have gone flat, and they were pumping it up
with a hand pump. Ernie frowned. "Are chariots supposed to have
tires?" 
     The Fly looked at the chariot. "Hey, it's got old-fashioned
skinny tires on spoked wheels, like a Model T Ford. What do you
expect?"
      "I dunno." Ernie was trying hard to remember what the
chariots looked like in the gladiator movies, however he hadn't
been paying attention that closely. "With all the stuff that's been
happening, you can't be too careful!"
     "Don't be such a worry wart!" snapped Sterno. "Suppose it IS
a phony chariot, what difference does it make?"
     "Uh..." Ernie hadn't thought that far ahead. His thoughts were
interrupted by one of the Romans who approached them. He was a
tall, thin man, wearing a toga. He seemed like a typical Roman out
of a gladiator movie, except for the fact that he wore a monocle
and jackboots.
     The man's arm swept out in a Roman salute. "Heil...I mean,
Hail!" he said cheerfully. Ernie frowned. Weren't Romans supposed
to wear sandals?
     The man continued. "Ve chust finished fixing our chariot.
Perhaps you vould like a ride, ja?"
     "You bet!" said the Fly enthusiastically. "Boy, I'm really
sick of walking!"
     "Well, I dunno..." said Ernie. Something about this just
didn't seem right to him. He looked at the two white horses that
the chariot was hitched to, carefully examining them for any sign
of seams or lumpiness. No, they looked okay. Perfectly formed, with
no seams. One thing did seem odd about them, though: they didn't
move at all. They stood absolutely still, like statues. But then,
on the other hand, Ernie didn't really know that much about horses.
Maybe they were supposed to stand like that. It probably didn't
mean anything.
     "Oh, come ON!" said Sterno impatiently. "Quit making such an
issue about everything! Let's just get in, all right? I've had it
with walking!"
     "I bet you must be dog tired, right?" said the Fly.
     "Spare me your attempts at humor, you insectile moron!" Sterno
barked.
     The Fly looked upset. "What did he mean by that?" he said to
Ernie.
     "Time to go!" urged the Roman. "All aboard, ja?"
     Sterno and the Fly quickly scrambled aboard the chariot, which
seemed unusually large and spacious to Ernie. He got on as well, in
spite of his misgivings. Captain Memory brought up the rear. The
other three Romans then got on behind them, blocking the entrance
and making any escape impossible. Ernie felt very uneasy about
that. He was, however, relieved to see that Captain Memory did not
seem the least bit bothered by the situation. But then, Captain
Memory didn't seem the least bit bothered by ANY situation.
     "Vell, avay we go!" said the Roman cheerfully. "Giddap!" He
snapped the reins.
     Nothing happened. The horses stood there, totally immobile.
The Roman laughed nervously. "Giddy UP!" He lashed the horses with
the reins. Still nothing. From somewhere in his toga he produced a
riding crop, and began lashing the horses unmercifully. "You vill
MOVE, you shtupid animals!" The horses stood absolutely still,
totally unresponsive.
     The Roman turned to the foursome with a nervous laugh. "A
liddle problem, nothing to vorry about! No need to get out!" He
jumped over the side of the chariot, and approached the horses
menacingly.
     "Uh, Herr Sturmbannfuhrer," one of the other Romans spoke up.
"There is something ve forgot to tell you..."
     The first Roman gave the closest horse a swift kick in the
hind leg. The leg broke neatly off. The Roman jumped frantically
out of the way as the horse toppled slowly over and crashed to the
pavement, shattering into a million pieces.
     The first Roman turned on the other Romans in a fury.
"Idiots!" he shrieked. "You brought ze plaster horses! I told you,
ve must have ze REAL horses!"
     "But, but Herr Sturmbannfuhrer," the second Roman sputtered.
"Ze real horses, zey make doo-doo on ze floor!"
     "Dummkopf!" shrieked the first Roman. "How can ve travel vith
plaster horses?"
     The other three Roman looked at each other in dismay. "Oh. Ve
didn't tink of dat."
     "Idiots!" The first Roman lashed the others with his riding
crop.
     "Oh man!" said the Fly sadly. "Does this mean we're gonna have
to walk after all?"
     The first Roman stopped abruptly, and turned to the foursome
with a bright smile. "Oh no, of course not! Dis is chust a minor
problem, ve fix in chust a moment!" The Roman pulled some sort of
small electronic device out of his toga, and scanned the
surrounding area with it. It beeped. "Ah! Ze solution to our
problem is coming right down ze road!"
     An object appeared over the horizon, moving quickly down the
road in their direction. As it approached, Ernie could see that it
was a large chariot, pulled by four beautiful white horses. It
looked somehow familiar.
     The four Romans stood in the middle of the road, blocking the
path as the chariot aproached. The man in the chariot stopped,
confused.
     "You!" the first Roman shouted. "Out of ze chariot! NOW!" He
pulled an evil-looking weapon out of his toga, and pointed it at
the man in the chariot menacingly.
     "Make way! Make way!" the man in the chariot cried out. "I 
have no time to waste! I'm on my way to the chariot races in Rome!"
The man in the chariot looked very familiar to Ernie. Could it
be...Charlton Heston?
     "I have no time to vaste, either!" The first Roman fired his
weapon at the man in the chariot, who vanished in a flash of flame.
"Now," he turned to Ernie and the others. "Ve vill take ZIS
chariot, ja?"
     "Oh man!" said the Fly mournfully. "They're ruining all my
favorite shows! First Mr. Ed falls apart, and now they disintegrate
Ben-Hur!"
     Even Sterno was now beginning to get suspicious. "Say," he
said to the first Roman. "What's your name, anyway?"
     "My name?" the first Roman seemed nonplussed. "You vant to
know my name?"
     "Yeah!" Ernie picked the question up. "What's your name?"
     The first Roman laughed nervously. He elbowed the second Roman
sharply. "Quick!" he whispered. "Vot's my name?!" The second Roman
whispered something to him. The first Roman smiled agreeably. "Oh
yes, my name! I am Marcus Provolonicus."
     Sterno froze in horror. "Provolone...It's CHEESE! Oh my god,
it's CHEESE! Run!"
     The other three Romans suddenly whipped out evil-looking
weapons. "DO NOT MOVE!" shrieked the first Roman. "Or you vill
suffer ze same fate as our friend here!" He gestured towards the
other chariot, which now contained only a little pile of ashes.
     The first Roman tore off his toga, revealing a Nazi SS uniform
underneath. "So, our liddle subterfuge does not fool you, eh?" he
said menacingly. "Dat is most...unfortunate. For vhich..." He
looked around quickly. His eyes came to rest on the second Roman.
"...YOU vill pay, dummkopf!" He lashed the man with his riding
crop.
     "But, Herr Sturmbannfuhrer..." the man began.
     "SILENCE!" shrieked von Liederkranz. "It is impossible to get
good help zese days!" he sulked. "Ze quality of ze Cyberslaves is
not vhat it used to be!"
      He turned to Ernie and the others. "Now, you vill get on zis
chariot, and ve vill be on our vay!" Ernie looked at von
Liederkranz's evil-looking weapons, and decided to do it the Nazi's
way. They boarded the other chariot. This time, the horses worked,
and they moved off quickly down the road.
     "Hey, this sure beats walking!" said the Fly cheerfully, as
they thundered along the yellow brick road.
     "I dunno," said Ernie ruefully. "Considering where we're
going, maybe we'd rather walk." Ernie frowned. "Say," he said to
von Liederkranz. "Where ARE we going, anyway?"
     Von Liederkranz smiled evilly. "You'll find out soon enough!"
     Ernie looked on ahead. They appeared to be approaching
something. "Oh, it's a town!" said the Fly.
     "Vot!" von Liederkranz snapped. "Dere's not supposed to be a
town here! Whoa!" He stopped the chariot. "Vhere's my map?" He
pulled out a map and began regarding it carefully. "Ah, here's de
problem! Ve get on ze autobahn, und turn left at Heidelberg..."
     The other Romans had removed their togas as well, and stood
revealed as Nazi SS troopers. One of them peered over von
Liederkranz's shoulder. "Uh, Herr Sturmbannfuhrer," he began
tentatively. "Dat's a map of Bavaria!"
     Von Liederkranz started. He looked at the legend of the map,
and then crumpled it up angrily and threw it on the ground. "I know
dat!" he snapped. "I vas chust...testing you. Very good!" He
prodded the SS trooper with his riding crop. "Okay, Mr. Know-it-
all, vhere do ve go now?"
     The trooper regarded the road carefully. "Vell, since dere's
only one road, and dis isn't de right vay, I vould say ve go...de
other way!"
     Von Liederkranz thought a minute. "Uh...right! De other vay!
Ve go de other vay!" He wheeled the chariot around and they
galloped off in the other direction.
     They charged on down the yellow brick road in the direction
from which they had come in the first place, moving faster this
time as von Liederkranz whipped the horses bad-temperedly. After
some time, they began to approach what seemed to be a town.
     "Oh wow," said the Fly. "It's the same town! How did we get to
the same place when we went the opposite direction?"
     "I told you so," smirked Sterno. "`All Roads Lead to Rome'.
You're just going to have to go there. There's just no getting out
of it."
     Von Liederkranz peered ahead. "Gottverdammter! Vhere's my
map?" He pulled out another map and regarded it carefully. "Ah!
Here's ze problem! Ve chust get on I-94, turn right at
Indianapolis..."
     The SS trooper looked over von Liederkranz's shoulder again.
"Uh, Herr Sturmbannfuhrer, dat's a map of Illinois!" Von
Liederkranz started. He quickly crumpled up the map and threw it on
the ground. "I know dat!" He turned to the rest of the group. "Ve
are going to zis town! Ve intended to go to zis town! It vas NOT a
mistake!" They continued down the road, and into town.
     The town consisted of one unpaved road, flanked by one story
wooden buildings with broad fronts. Their names were clearly
legible on them: SALOON, GENERAL STORE, U.S. MARSHAL. The town
looked somehow familiar to Ernie.
     "Oh wow!" exclaimed the Fly. "It's Dodge City!"
     "That's impossible!" snorted Sterno. "You can't have `All
Roads Lead to Dodge City'! That's not right! I have a classical
education and I know!"
     "Could be Abilene, I suppose," mused Ernie.
     "`All Roads Lead to Abilene'?" said Sterno sarcastically. "Fat
chance!"
     "You must be right," Ernie agreed. "I don't see any cattle
around. Must be Dodge City after all!"
     As they passed through town, Ernie noticed a tall, thin young
man who looked at them with alarm. The young man began hurrying
towards the U.S. Marshal's office, walking with a pronounced limp.
"Mr. Dillon! Mr. Dillon! Somethin' strange comin' into town!" he
cried.
     A tall, imposing man, dressed in Western attire and wearing a
U.S. Marshal badge stepped out of the marshal's office and into the
street, blocking the path of the chariot. "Hold up there, now! What
do you boys want in our town?"
     "Get out of my vay!" hissed von Liederkranz. "I haff no time
for dis shtupidity!"
     "Now hold on just a minute there..." the Marshal began. 
     "Idiot!" snapped von Liederkranz. He turned to the SS
troopers. "Disintegrate him!" von Liederkranz and the SS troopers
reached for their evil-looking weapons.
     With lightning speed, the Marshal's gun flew into his hand.
Four shots rand out, catching each of the Nazis full in the chest,
the force of the bullet hurling their bodies from the chariot.
     "I seen it, Mr. Dillon!" cried Chester, the young man with the
limp. "They drew first!"
     Ernie threw his hands up over his head. "Don't shoot! We're
unarmed!"
     Sterno get down on all fours. "Woof!" he said emphatically.
"They don't shoot dogs, do they?"
     "They were holding us prisoner!" the Fly chimed in. "They shot
Ben-Hur!"
     "Ben who?" The Marshal looked confused. Just then, a woman in
an elaborate red dress ran out of the saloon. "Oh Matt! Are you all
right? I heard the shooting..."
     "Don't you worry, Miss Kitty, I'm just fine," the Marshal
reassured her.
     Ernie looked at the ground behind him. The bloody bodies of
von Liederkranz and the other Nazis were lying motionless in the
dust.
     Ernie turned to Captain Memory. "Are they really...dead?"
     "Oh yes," said Captain Memory cheerfully. "Too bad they won't
stay that way!"
     "Huh?" Ernie was confused.
     "Well, you know how it is in computer games," the Captain went
on. "If you get killed, you just start over again with another
life!"
     "I dunno, they looked pretty dead to me!" Ernie said.
     "Look again," the Captain advised.
     Ernie turned. The bodies had vanished. 
     "See?" the Captain said. "They've gone back to the beginning.
They'll have to start all over!"
     Ernie turned back to look at the Marshal, who had been
conferring with Miss Kitty and Chester. "You boys are free to go,"
the Marshal said. "Just stay out of trouble!" He went back into his
office.
     "Whew!" the Fly breathed a sigh of relief. "Boy, are we lucky
to get out of that one! You don't want to mess with Marshal
Dillon!"
     Sterno stood back up and brushed himself off, trying to
recover his lost dignity. "You can put your hands down now," he
said to Ernie snappishly. "You have no idea how ridiculous you look
surrendering when there's no-one there!"
     "Oh." Ernie lowered his hands. He looked around. "So, what are
we gonna do in Dodge City?"
     The Fly looked at the Saloon. "Look at all those pretty girls
in there! Whaddya say we go in for a drink?"
     "Well...okay." Ernie couldn't think of any reason not to.
Besides, his throat was feeling pretty dusty after that long
chariot ride.
     They got out of the chariot and walked towards the saloon, the
Fly leading the way. They walked up to the doors, when suddenly
their way was blocked by a burly bartender. "Hold it right there,
boys! We don't allow no Injuns in here!"
     "Huh?" The Fly was confused.
     "That means you!" The bartender prodded the Fly in the chest.
"Imagine that, trying to come in here with feathers..." he gestured
toward the Fly's antenna, "...and a war mask!" He gestured towards
the Fly's face. The dance-hall girls laughed derisively.
     "Hey, wait a minute!" the Fly protested. "I'm not..."
     A shotgun suddenly appeared in the bartender's hands. "I said
`Git!'" he said menacingly. "NOW!"
     "Okay, okay," the Fly backed off. "I'm gittin'!"
     "And don't come back!" the bartender called after them.
     The Fly sighed as the foursome walked back to the chariot.
"Aw, gee. I never get to have any fun!"
                         CHAPTER 8
     The foursome walked slowly back towards Ben-Hur's chariot.
Suddenly, the lead horse reared up, whinnying loudly, and the four
horses galloped out of town as fast as they could run, the empty
chariot bouncing along behind them.
     Ernie was totally taken aback by this. "Hey, they started up
all by themselves!" he said, as the cloud of dust raised by the
horse's hooves drifted over them. "Can they do that?"
     "Well, obviously they can!" Sterno sneered. "And it's all your
fault!"
     "MY fault!" Ernie coughed. "Why is it MY fault?"
     "Because it's always your fault!" Sterno snapped. "YOU didn't
tie them up!"
     "Me?" Ernie protested. "I didn't know you had to tie them up!
Can't you just, like, turn them off or something?"
     Sterno rolled his eyes upward. "Hopeless!"
     Captain Memory looked up at the bright afternoon sun. "Nice
day for a walk, don't you think?"
     Ernie looked down the road. It seemed to stretch endlessly
through a scrubby, dusty, semi-desert landscape. It looked exactly
like the scenery he'd seen in hundreds of episodes of "Gunsmoke".
It did not look like a pleasant place for a walk. "Maybe we could
just stay here," he suggested hopefully.
     Just then, Marshal Dillon stepped out of his office. "You boys
better get movin', before you get into more trouble," he said
sternly. "I want you out of town before sunset!"
     Ernie sighed. "Well, okay, maybe we won't stay here, then."
The foursome started off down the road, occasionally glancing over
their shoulders to see if the Marshal was still watching them.
Unfortunately, he was.
     After what seemed like hours, they approached a fork in the
road. One branch seemed to head off into the mountains, and another
into the valley. They stopped.
     Ernie looked at both branches of the road. "Well, which way do
we go? The high road or the low road?"
     "I know!" the Fly chimed in brightly. "You take the high road
and I'll take the low road!"
     "Why?"
     "Because then I'll be in Scotland afore ye!" The Fly beamed.
     "Gimme a break", moaned Ernie.
     "Wait a minute," Captain Memory interrupted.
     "What?" Maybe the Captain could come up with something that
would get them out of this desolate landscape.
     "Isn't it supposed to be `you'll take the low road and I'll
take the high road?'"
     The Fly frowned. "No, I'm sure it's supposed to be `you take
the high road and I'll take the low road'!"
     Captain Memory shook his head. "No, I think it's the other way
around!"
     "No, it can't be!" the Fly answered. "Listen!" He started to
sing. "You'll take the high road..."
     "That's enough already!" Sterno broke in. "What difference
does it make, anyway! We're not going to Scotland!"
     Ernie looked around. "Okay, then where are we going?"
     "Rome!" stated Sterno confidently. "`All Roads Lead to Rome!'"
     Ernie regarded the landscape skeptically. "I dunno. Rome,
that's in Italy, right? This doesn't look like Italy to me. It
looks like..." He stopped.
     "Like what?" Sterno demanded.
     "Like...well, well...I don't know what it looks like, but it
doesn't look like Italy."
     "It's pointless to argue with me," said Sterno pompously.
"Because I have a classical education and I am, therefore, always
right."
     "Aren't there supposed to be, like, grapes, and pizzas, and
people playing those little accordions?" Ernie wondered. No-one
paid any attention to him.
     The Fly looked down the road into the valley, and up the road
into the mountains. "Okay, so which way do we go, then?"
     "It doesn't matter," said Sterno self-importantly. "`All Roads
Lead to Rome'!"
     The Fly started up the road into the mountains. "You guys can
go any way you want," he called back over his shoulder. "But I'm
going this way!"
     "Why?" Ernie called after him.
     "'Cause then I'll be in Scotland afore ye!" The Fly laughed
and started running. "Last one there is a rotten egg!"
     Ernie turned to Captain Memory and Sterno. "Well," he said at
last. "I guess we might as well follow him."
     "I'll say!" Captain Memory agreed. "I wouldn't want him to be
in Scotland afore me!" The three of them turned, and began walking
up the road into the mountains.
     The road headed upward at a moderate angle, making walking
somewhat difficult. They began to notice the terrain around them
changing as they walked. They seemed to be moving into a cooler,
moister environment. The desert was giving way to cool Alpine
meadows. The road narrowed into a path, threading it's way between
the growing hills. `Actually', Ernie thought. `It's kind of nice
here. Maybe taking the high road was a good idea.'
     They had not seen the Fly for quite some time, but they were
fairly confident that he was just a bit out of sight ahead of them,
since they could hear someone singing "I'll take the high road..."
in the distance. Suddenly, the singing stopped.
     Ernie frowned. He hoped the Fly hadn't fallen over a cliff or
something. He strained his ears. No, no singing. Suddenly, he heard
another sound. "Did you hear that?" he said to Sterno.
     "Of course," said Sterno assuredly.
     Ernie frowned. "What did that sound like to you?"
     "I believe it was `Yodellay-he-hoo'", Sterno replied.
     Ernie knitted his brow in concentration. "I've heard that
before. That reminds me of something!"
     "Like what?" asked Sterno, with a slight air of sarcasm.
"Fondue, perhaps? Chocolate? Watches? `Heidi'?"
     Ernie brightened. "Switzerland! We're in Switzerland!"
     "Very good!" applauded Sterno. "Go to the head of the class!"
     Ernie frowned again. "So, what are we doing in Switzerland?"
     Captain Memory shrugged. "We seem to have wandered into
somebody's Geography program."
     "So now what?"
     "We go on to Rome, of course," Sterno answered confidently.
     Ernie looked at the rising mountains and Alpine meadows around
them. "Are you sure we're going the right way? I mean, are we
supposed to go through Switzerland to get to Rome?"
     "Of course," said Sterno with great assurance. "Don't you
remember Hannibal, taking his elephants through the Alps on his way
to Rome?"
     "Hannibal!" Ernie's face lit up with recognition. "I saw that
movie! Starring Victor Mature, right?" Ernie looked at the narrow
path on which they stood, and frowned. "What are we gonna do if we
run into an elephant on this trail?"
     At that moment they turned a corner, and came upon the Fly,
who was standing still, looking at something. "Hi, guys!" he said.
"Take a look at this!"
     The trail at this pointed rounded a curve at the top of a
cliff. The Fly pointed over the side, into the valley below. There
was some sort of commotion going on in the valley. There seemed to
be a large crowd of some sort moving through the valley, carrying
torches.
     Ernie peered into the valley. There were a lot of people, or
animals, or something, moving around, but he couldn't make out what
they were doing. "Another cattle drive?" he suggested.
     "I doubt it," remarked Sterno. "Look at all those torches!"
     "Must be a torch drive!" the Fly said brightly.
     Sterno glared at the Fly, and muttered something
unintelligible.
     "Those torches sure are pretty, aren't they?" commented
Captain Memory. "Maybe we should go down and join the party?"
     Ernie could hear some kind of chanting drifting up from the
valley. He strained to hear what they were saying. It seemed to be
something like `Oom alla boom'. He frowned. Somehow, he just didn't
like the look of that crowd. "Uh, maybe we'd better not," he
countered.
     Sterno agreed with him. "Maybe another time," the dog
suggested.
     Captain Memory looked at the others. "You guys are no fun," he
complained. The foursome watched the commotion below for a few
minutes, and then continued along the trail.
     The narrow trail wound along between huge boulders, making it
impossible to see very far ahead. The foursome passed through a
narrow opening, and found themselves facing a large, open field,
which seemed to stretch on for miles.
      In the middle of this space was a large, English-style
mansion, surrounded by carefully-tended grounds. The foursome
approached it.
     A low, ornamental fence surrounded the grounds. A road led
through the fence, and up to the front door. Lacking any better
ideas, the foursome walked down the road and up to the front door.
The door was massive and imposing, with a huge cast iron door
knocker in the middle. Ernie looked at Captain Memory. Captain
Memory looked at the Fly. The Fly looked at Sterno. Sterno looked
at Ernie. Ernie looked around. Everyone was looking at him. Ernie
sighed, and stepped up to the door. Tentatively, he raised the
knocker and let it drop. It made a surprisingly loud sound. Ernie
flinched.
     He waited. Nothing happened. 
     "Try it again," Sterno demanded. 
     Ernie frowned. "Why don't you try it?" He had a bad feeling
about this place. It looked like someplace he had seen in a movie
sometime. He didn't remember what movie it was, or what happened,
but it was something bad.
     "Well, obviously, I'm not tall enough to reach it," said
Sterno patronizingly. "Anyway, it's your job."
     "Why is it my job?" cried Ernie indignantly. "Why is it always
my job?"
     "You started it," retorted Sterno.
     Ernie sighed. He knew there would be some reason why it was
his job. He always got stuck with things like this. Who knows what
kind of horrible creature would answer the door. Even if it was a
normal person, what was he supposed to say to them, anyway? Oh
well, might as well get it over with. He raised the knocker and
slammed it down several times, raising a tremendous din that no-one
in the house could have missed. They waited.
     Nothing happened.
     "Well, nobody's home," said Ernie lightly. "I guess we might
as well go." 
     "Oh, come ON," snapped Sterno irritatedly. "Where are we
supposed to go, anyway? Try the doorknob!"
     Ernie shifted the coffee maker to his other hand, and gingerly
touched the huge, cast-iron doorknob, half expecting an explosion
or an electric shock. Nothing happened. He tried to turn it. It was
very securely locked, and totally unmovable.
     "Well, door's locked," said Ernie in a cheerful tone. "Might
as well go!"
     "We'll find another way in!" said Sterno sternly. "Let's walk
around the building."
     Ernie grimaced. The others, however, seemed content to follow
Sterno as he headed off around the corner to the left. Ernie
supposed there was no way to get out of this, so he followed as
well, bringing up the rear.
     A small garden path led around the corner of the building,
through the English garden, and to a nicely-tended stone patio.
French doors led from the house to the patio.
     "Just as I thought!" Sterno declared. He strode purposefully
up to the doors, and tried the knob. They were unlocked. He led the
way into the house.
     They found themselves in a luxurious English-style study, the
walls panelled with dark oak, and lined with shelves containing
leather-bound books. Sterno headed immediately for a small
occasional table by the wall. "Aha!" he cried. "I knew it!" He
flipped open a dark wood box, revealing a store of excellent
cigars. He grabbed a handful of them, lighting one immediately.
"Ahhh!" He exhaled a cloud of blue smoke. His eyes lit upon a
decanter sitting next to the humidor. "Lovely!" he exclaimed.
"Brandy, anyone?"
     Ernie sighed wearily. All this stress was just too much for
him, he decided. Luckily, there was a large, overstuffed Victorian
sofa placed in the middle of the room. Ernie dropped heavily onto
it, followed by Captain Memory and the Fly.
     Captain Memory scanned the room slowly. "I wonder where they
keep their TV?" he said pensively.
     The sofa faced to large oak doors, which Ernie supposed must
lead to the rest of the house. Ernie considered them, wondering if
they should try to explore the house further. No, he decided, let's
just leave well enough alone.
     At that moment the doors flew open. In the doorway stood a
tall, very British-looking gentleman, with a white handlebar
mustache, wearing a smoking jacket and a top hat. "How good of you
to come!" he announced jovially. "I'm Lord Foofaraw. Do make
yourselves at home! Tea, anyone?" A butler entered, carrying a
silver tray full of teacups, and three large, covered, silver
dishes. Ernie gratefully accepted a cup of tea, and peeked under
the covers of the dishes. The first two contained unappetizing-
looking little ornamental sandwiches. They seemed to be made of
plastic, or some other not-entirely-edible material. At this point,
however, Ernie was so ravenously hungry he would have eaten
practically anything, even items that were only marginally edible.
However, Ernie decided to check the third dish. What luck! It
contained a large pile of fresh, hot, sizzling lamb chops, broiled
to perfection. Ernie loved lamb chops. He grabbed the entire dish
off the tray and began wolfing them down, eating them with his bare
hands.
     As Ernie's hunger subsided, he began to feel self-conscious.
They seemed to be having an elegant English tea with a titled
British nobleman, and here he was wearing a fur loincloth, carrying
a plastic broadsword and a coffee maker, and eating lamb chops with
his bare hands. It didn't seem proper to Ernie. Certainly it was
very un-British. Ernie frowned. Then, on the other hand, it wasn't
his fault. Lord Foofaraw was the one who served the lamb chops.
They shouldn't serve lamb chops if they don't want people to eat
them. And anyway, they didn't give him any utensils, so he had to
eat them with his hands. That settled, Ernie returned to stuffing
his face with chops.
     "Pip, pip! Cheerio! Eh, wot?" said Lord Foofaraw jovially. 
     "How very British!" exclaimed Sterno delightedly.
     "Rather!" agreed Lord Foofaraw.
     Ernie turned to the nobleman. "I wonder if you could tell us
where we are?" he managed to ask between bites.
     "Where you ARE?" Lord Foofaraw seemed amazed. "Why, I should
think that would be quite obvious! You're HERE, old boy!"
     Sterno chuckled. The Fly waved his antennae confusedly.
Captain Memory continued to look around for a TV.
     Lord Foofaraw settled comfortably  into an overstuffed chair.
"Ah yes," he began. "This reminds me of the time I was lost in the
jungles of Poodawumpus, surrounded by cannibals!" He leaned forward
animatedly. "There were cannibals to the right of me, cannibals to
the left of me! The light of their torches flickered through the
dense undergrowth. I could hear their infernal chanting: `Oom alla
boom! Oom alla boom!' Over and over, until I thought the infernal
din should surely drive me mad! Suddenly, I...." He broke off,
looking at Ernie oddly. "I say, my good man, why ever are you
carrying that coffee maker?"
     Ernie fidgeted uncomfortably. "It's not a coffee maker, it's
a Psion Megaforce Generator."
     "A WOT?" the lord was amazed.
     "A Psion Megaforce Generator!" Ernie repeated. Lord Foofaraw
looked at him skeptically. Ernie looked again at the device he was
carrying. He sighed. "On the other hand, it could be a coffee maker
too, I suppose." Ernie admitted. "Anyway, it's genuine Bakelite!"
     "Ah, yes! Bakelite!" the lord seemed to consider this answer
reasonable. A faraway look came into his eyes. "That reminds me of
the time I was trekking through the desert of Duzzlebuggy..."
     "But, what about the cannibals?" the Fly broke in, his
antennae waving excitedly.
     "Don't interrupt His Lordship!" snapped Sterno.
     Lord Foofaraw looked confused. "I say, old man, there are no
cannibals in the deserts of Duzzlebuggy!"
     The Fly's antennae drooped disappointedly. "I wanted to hear
about the cannibals!"
     "Oh, dear!" The lord seemed quite flustered by all these
interruptions. "Where was I? Ah, yes, there I was, scaling the
mountains of Muffiedump...."
     Ernie's mind wandered. He noticed a beautiful silver bell
sitting on an end table next to him. It seemed to be a very unusual
design. It was covered with dozens of tiny pushbuttons, each with
an odd little symbol next to it. Ernie picked it up curiously.
     "BONG! BONG!" Loud, synthesized bell-sounds appeared as though
out of nowhere.
     Lord Foofaraw looked up in annoyance, stopping his story in
mid-sentence. "I say, my good man! Whatever ARE you doing?"
     Ernie looked up disconcertedly. "I...um..it..."  The bell
continued to bong loudly.
     "How RUDE!" Sterno glared at Ernie.
     Ernie examined the bell frantically, trying to figure out how
to turn it off. He could see now that is wasn't a real bell, but
rather an electronic, synthesized bell, with orchestral sounds, a
rhythm machine, and full MIDI capability. 
     Ernie pushed the tiny buttons frenziedly, desperately trying
to turn the thing off. The sound changed. "Chick-a-Boom! Chick-a-
BOOM!" Ernie had accidentally turned on the rhythm machine.
     The door to the study opened. The Butler entered, a swarthy
character who looked somehow familiar to Ernie. The sound abruptly
stopped. Ernie breathed a sigh of relief.
     The Butler looked at Ernie, and then at Lord Foofaraw. "Chu
rang?" he enquired.
     "Ah, yes!" Lord Foofaraw seemed to have regained his
composure. "More tea, Richard!"
     "Chure!" the Butler said agreeably, and began refilling their
cups.
     His Lordship resumed his story. "...and there I was,
surrounded by techno-savages! They had decided to sacrifice a
virgin, but the first one they selected was discovered to be, how
shall I say, damaged, so they were obliged to move on to the next,
who became Virgin 2.0. But she was found to be not entirely
suitable, so they settled upon Virgin 2.1, revised...."
     It seemed to have gotten dark outside, although they had
hardly noticed it, since the Butler, or someone, had turned on the
lights. That was odd, Ernie thought, because it had been the middle
of the afternoon only a few minutes ago. He was going to consider
it further, when abruptly, the lights went out, plunging them all
into total darkness.
     From out of nowhere, a gust of wind blew up, throwing the
French doors open violently.
     Suddenly, a shot rang out. They heard a cry, and a body fell
heavily to the floor.
     The lights came on again. There, in the middle of the Persian
carpet, Lord Foofaraw lay dead in a pool of blood. Nearby lay a
smoking gun. Ernie was stunned. Before he could even think of what
to do, the oak doors leading to the rest of the house flew open,
and a man in a trench coat and a fedora strode purposefully in.
"Scotland Yard!" he announced. "No-one leave this room!"
     A crowd of Bobbies seemed to have materialized outside of both
sets of doors. Clearly, no-one was going to be able to leave this
room until the detective was ready to allow it.
     Ernie frowned. This was beginning to remind him an awful lot
of some movie or other, although he still couldn't remember which
one it was.
     "Oh, I remember this!" Captain Memory exclaimed delightedly.
"This is a game called `MYSTERY', you know, one of those who-dunnit
things? We have to solve the mystery!" The captain seemed very
pleased. "This is great fun!"
