Mary didn't really want to know who'd do that. But she had to find out.
Her interview with Deputy Issac Lahti didn't satisfy either one of them. 
"How many people have access to the money?" he asked incredulously, running his
hands through his cropped red hair.
"Twenty-one or so."
He just looked at her for a long minute.
"Well, there's me," she said. "And the dealers, twelve of them. And the person who
collects the tables' winnings every hour or so. And the six guys who guard the back
rooms and the courier's pouch. And the courier. Oh, and the cashier has access in case
she needs extra for some big winner or something. So that's twenty-two."
"Sure? No one else? The sixth grade class isn't allowed to use it for their Monopoly
games?"
Sarcastic Finns added so much to Mary's day. "We've never had trouble with
pilferage before," she said defensively.
"How can you tell?"
"Look, the cashier and I count the money every evening. It goes in a locked bag to the
bank's night deposit with two big, well-armed guards escorting the courier. The
bank's figures and my figures have always matched before. Now a croupier might be
skimming at the table, but that wouldn't account for the discrepancies between my
count and the bank's." Not exactly a reassuring idea.
"That would narrow it down to you, the cashier, the courier and the guards."
"Susan Matchigisig, the cashier, rarely goes back to the office where we keep the
money. We don't have that many really big winners. I don't remember one in the past
few weeks."
"Some fun casino," he snorted.
"It's a business."
"OK, what are the names of the others?"
"The courier is Selene Omashinaway. But, I can't see her doing anything like this."
"Would you've made her a courier if you could? What about the guards?"
"I've got six guys who rotate, two nights a week. It's usually 3:00 a.m. before the
money's ready to go, and no one wants to guard it six nights running." She listed the
names, hesitating a bit at naming her cousins, Matt and Simon Kishketawa. She
added quickly, "Its every night, you know, the stealing. If the guards are in on it,
they're all in on it. And I don't see that. Matt and Tyron"--another guard--"couldn't
agree that snow was cold, much less go in on a heist together. They hate each other
with a pure, unsullied spite."
"I'll keep that in mind." He sounded unconvinced. "Now let's go over the money
collection procedure one more time to see if we've missed anyone."
It was more like six times before he closed his notebook and said, "OK. Where can I
find Matt Kishketawa?"
"What, you're gonna question him?"
"Nah. I thought I'd ask him to the prom."
"But what if you spook him? Her. Whoever."
He looked at her quizzically.
"Look. No one on the reservation knows the money's missing but you, me and Dad.
And the crook. Most folks know I'm barely semi-computer literate and conservative
as hell when it comes to accounting procedures. Even if they knew day-to-day
records were available, which most of them won't, they'll be sure I neither know
about them nor use them." It had taken Janine the better part of a month to get her to
try it. "If word gets out that you're asking about a missing $12,000, the crook's sure
to run. And we'll never see the money again."
"Uh-huh. So you want me to investigate a robbery without letting anyone know it
exists. Sounds fun." He looked glum, but he didn't argue with her logic. "So why am
I gonna be here? And nosy?"
"Oh, I don't know. You could play blackjack."
"The chief would have six fits. He's not too enthused about this whole operation, you
know."
"I know. Believe me, I know."
"He's made it really clear that we shouldn't endorse it."
"Figures."
"I could be, like, here because I'm interested in one of the workers, romantic-like."
He looked nonchalantly at his closed notebook. "You, maybe. It would explain why
we'd be going off to discuss things." His windburned face grew slightly redder.
"It wouldn't explain why you were spending hours asking odd questions around the
casino." She looked quizzically at him. What kind of detective novels did Deputy
Lahti read in his off hours? Was she supposed to end up clasped to his chest while he
shot it out with the bad guys? Not in this novel, she told herself. Novels...
"The Purloined Letter," she said. "Investigate something else."
"What? Oh, yeah. Tax fraud? Crooked tables? Money laundering?"
"Get away from the money angle," she inserted. "Something removed from robbery
and embezzlement might not spook 'em."
"Drugs, then."
"Yeah. Drugs are believable. Fashionable, even. Everyone's being investigated for
drug stuff. We'll be right up there with the Mayor of D.C." She felt giddy. Finally
they were gonna get somewhere. They had a plan.
Two days later she felt less pleased.
"One-quarter kilo of cocaine, a third of a sheet of LSD and a whole field of
marijuana." Deputy Lahti was reading a laundry list of drugs found in his
investigation, so far. 
"Dammit, Lahti, you're supposed to be finding money! The drug investigation is just
a cover, remember?"
"Obequot, if someone practically draws me a map to a field of pot, I'm gonna check
it out. I'm a cop, remember? What am I supposed to tell people? 'Sure, I'm
investigating drugs, but I really don't have time to look at those funny cigarettes the
guys are smoking outside the casino's kitchen door.'" He looked exasperated. "What
bothers me is the cocaine. LSD isn't that expensive--anyone could get a third of a
sheet at a Northern frat party for a smile. And pot's real cheap, especially if you
grow your own. But where the hell did these guys get the money for cocaine? A
quarter kilo costs serious bucks." He'd found the sheet and the cocaine when he'd
investigated the Madosh brothers' trailer after busting them for the pot. They'd been
"relaxing" after a shift in the kitchen and, when he'd tried to arrest them, had run
straight to their place in the woods. This is your escape on drugs. Their marijuana
field, identifiable even in November, was less than a quarter of a mile from their
trailer, and had a shack full of gardening tools next to it with their fingerprints all
over them. Apparently they were good farmers, if lousy criminals. 
"Could the $12,000 have gone to buy cocaine?" Mary groaned at the thought of a
year's tuition going up some idiot's nose. 
"I suppose it could have. But they're in the kitchen. How would they get to the
money? Are they related to the guards?"
"Oh, everyone's related to everyone else, to some degree. They might have been
second cousins to a guard or two. But nothing close that I can think of." She tried to
probe the twisted genealogies of the tribe. "Dad would know."
"Somehow it doesn't seem right. For one thing, $12,000 would buy four times the
coke we found. And they didn't have the noses of people who'd done that kind of
coke in two weeks. Have they been acting really 'up?' Aggressive? Wired?"
"No. They tended to be more hazy." She shrugged. "More like potheads, I guess. I can
maybe see them trying LSD."
"But coke doesn't really compute, does it?"
She shook her head. "Maybe they're selling it."
"To someone on the reservation? Does anyone around here make enough for a serious
coke habit?"
"No. But there's the casino. Lots of people with money to lose--or spend--come
through the door every night." 
"Looks like we have another investigation on our hands." He smiled. "Your casino is
good for business. At least for my department."
"Screw you, Lahti. While you've been playing with our teenage drug lords, another
$3,000 has gone missing. Now, it might not seem like much compared to busting up a
coke ring, but that's a PC for our middle school. Or a new set of science books. Or
maybe dental work for some of the kids."
"OK, OK." He held up his hands. "Point made and taken. Maybe if I lean on them
about their supplier, it'll lead me to someone involved with your money. Drugs and
money are like bees and honey, and its as much of a lead as I've got right now. No
one else is showing signs of new wealth." He yawned--casino hours were new to
him--and headed out.
Mary went back to her office, her sanctum sanctorum, where deputies feared to tread.
As sanctums went it was a bit on the shabby side; aside from the computer, the chair
behind her desk was the only thing that hadn't been scavenged from junk shops or
construction sites. The chair's lower back support and adjustable seat angles might
keep her from secretary's stoop--the back problems inherent in hunching over
keyboards and ledgers for hours on end. But then, if she set it at the odd angle Janine
currently had it in (maybe having your feet higher than your head aided thinking), she
might end up with some new and extraordinary back ailment. One that some
chiropractor could get a grant to study.
"Quick Raven. How's it going?"
Janine made a 'so-so' motion with one hand, while typing with the other.
Mary thought for a moment. If anyone could keep her mouth shut it was Janine. "Got
a question. Could we keep this between you and me?" This received a look, a nod and
a grin.
"Where would you hide $15,000?"
Janine looked thoughtful. "Who from?"
Good question. "Me. The police. Everyone else around here, I guess."
"Hmmm. How long?"
"Maybe a month."
"Heck, I'd put it in the bank."
"You're kidding."
"Nah. There's no building on the reservation that half a dozen people aren't in and
out of. Bury it and someone'll wonder who's been digging, find it and make off with
it. Takes a court order for cops to see your bank account. You could bog that down
for a month, easy."
"Couldn't they access it on the computer like I do the OEC account?"
"Not legally. And they'd probably need the codes to get to the account--pin number
and social security number. Which the bank wouldn't give without a court order.
Couldn't give it, unless they wanted to get sued."
"Probably need codes?"
"Definitely, if they wanted it legal."
"What if they didn't?"
Janine looked at her quizzically. "This ain't rhetorical?"
"Hell, no." Mary hesitated. $1500 a day. Yeah, it looked like enough to hush her own
scruples. It was nice to know your own price. "Let me get you some SS numbers."
She went to a file drawer and pulled employee records. Plopping them on the desk,
she said, "I don't have pin numbers. Will that be a problem for you?"
"'Pends."
"On what?" Mary moved Janine's Dr. Pepper and perched on the edge of the desk.
"On what you're trying to do here. Didja watch Sneakers one time too many? You
think all computer geeks are mad hackers that can't wait to start breaking into things?
I saw you ream out Danny Mukwada once for parking in a handicapped space. Now
you want me to break into a bank?"
Shit. Mary'd always been rather proud of her own moral code. She hadn't realized
what a pain scruples could be in others. "OK. It's like this." (Lahti would have
something really sarcastic to say to her right now.) "We're being robbed." (Like, nice
of you not to tell anyone.) "Of about $1500 a night." (Can't let anyone know.) "I've
gotta find out who it is." (It might spook 'em.) Shut up Lahti, she thought. 
"Fif...teen...hundred...dollars? You know what I could do with that?"
"No. And I probably wouldn't understand if you told me. Can you get into the
records?"
"Sure. The SS numbers'll help. Who do you want checked?"
Mary looked though the records and pulled out people on her "hot" list: the guards,
the courier, the cashier and herself. Janine looked at the last one and cocked a loaded
eyebrow at her.
"Hey, it seems fair. And I've got access to the money." And my scruples are waving
one last time before going under.
"Fucking Polly Pureheart," muttered Janine. She logged off of something--Mary
thought she recognized a Net prompt--and started typing. 
Two hours and four Dr. Peppers for Janine later, Mary was a far wiser person. She
knew one of the guards was overdrawn and had better deposit this week's paycheck
fast; Susan, the cashier, had made payments to a major televangelist on her
Northwestern Union Visa card; her cousin Simon had bought, with his NU Visa,
$246.75 of merchandise from a gay and lesbian shop on Front Street; and Janine
apparently had a stainless steel bladder. 
Janine popped open another soda. "I guess bankers don't need soap operas. They can
check out bank cards."
"No kidding. I'll never look at Susan the same way again." She checked the sheet.
"OK. Omashinaway, Selene. 366-72-8225. Let's see what the courier's carrying."
"Righty-o. No credit card. Savings, $0.46. Checking--shit!" Mary looked over her
shoulder. Selene had $18,036.75 in her checking account.
"Is this the same Selene who had her Chevy repossessed eight months ago?" asked
Janine. 
"The very same." It was also the same Selene who's mom had married the Madosh
brothers' dad about ten years ago. What with the name difference the relationship
hadn't really clicked for Mary. She picked up the phone to call her dad. Halfway
through dialing she realized it was Lahti's number her fingers were punching. 
"Mary!" Janine glared at her. Mary remembered that the modem and phone were on
the same line and shrugged a half-hearted apology. They didn't need any more from
the bank tonight. The phone rang about seven times.
"Whaddaya mean, you've 'noticed evidence' that she's the crook?" Lahti asked
irritably. They'd woken him up from a sound sleep at, oh, it was only 1:50 a.m.
Barely past suppertime for Mary. "Where's this evidence?"
"I can't really show it to you. Let's just say I found out she has way more money than
she should. Can't you just take it as an anonymous tip?" 
"Getting a search warrant takes more than an anonymous tip. Especially if you're
asking me to wake up a judge at this time of night to get it. Most I know would
probably throw me into jail for being an infernal nuisance. Must be nice to be a
judge," he added, rather wistfully.
"But they don't get to strip search." She felt her face grow warm and hurried on.
"Selene is going to go out in one of the guard's cars tonight--I'll make sure its one of
my cousins'. The pouch is OEC propery. I'm giving you permission to open it. If
you're at the bank in an hour and fifteen minutes, you could catch her right after
tonight's deposit, but we've gotta move soon. The bank statement's coming in next
week and everyone knows it."
"If you're wrong, everyone will know what we're investigating."
"If I'm right, it won't matter. Did you know that she's the Madosh brothers'
half-sister?"
"No." He paused. Mary waited for him to bitch about her not mentioning it sooner,
but he let it pass. "I'll pick you up from the casino in forty minutes. I'll need you
there to open the pouch." 
An hour later Mary had her first taste of a gen-u-wine police stake-out. She and
Deputy Lahti sat in his brother's anonymous-looking Honda, in an alley kitty-corner
from the Northwestern Union Bank and Trust. The November wind prowled off
Lake Superior, down Marquette's streets, and through the floorboards of the Civic.
The engine was off, of course, the temperature was rapidly dropping, of course, and
Mary's pumps had been designed for a centrally heated office--she hadn't had time
to change them. Of course. She'd had to spend her forty minutes counting out money
with Selene while trying to act like nothing was unusual. It seemed like every few
minutes she'd find herself looking at Selene's hands instead of at the money. She was
just glad that Lahti couldn't get pulled for speeding, or they'd have never made it
here before Matt. 
She heard an engine and saw an old VW Jetta turn into the bank's parking lot. "That's
Matt's car," she whispered.
"I know. I've given him four speeding tickets in it." 
They watched and waited as Selene went up to the night deposit, took the money bag
out of her courier pouch, and made the deposit. Lahti turned on the engine. Selene got
into the car. As Matt was about to go out the driveway, Lahti pulled in front of him.
"Stay in the car, Mary."
She didn't bother to argue but simply followed him up to the Jetta. 
Matt Kishketawa rolled down the window. "Jeez, Lahti," he said, disgusted. "What's
your problem this time?"
Selene didn't say anything. She saw Mary huddled into the back seat, as if for
warmth. Simon Kishketawa, riding shotgun, looked confused. 
"Would you step out of the car please, Ms. Omashinaway?" 
She stared straight ahead, blindly.
Mary leaned forward. "Selene?"
Selene slumped down in her seat and began to sob.
Mary reached down into a canvas bag on the floor of the car. A wrapped bundle of
money, carefully counted by herself and Selene, lay in the courier bag.
"How the heck did you get this from the sealed money bag into here?" asked Mary.
Selene just shook her head. Lahti nudged Mary away from the door, helped Selene
out of the car and began patting her down. After cuffing her and reciting her rights,
he turned to Mary.
"We'll get a statement at the station." To her cousins he added, "Follow me in your
car, all right? I'll need to ask you some quesitons, too, and I'm not in the mood to
chase anyone down tonight." As he and Mary took Selene to his car, the noise of
Mary's heels clicking on the pavement sounded high and cold in the night. 
Late the next morning, when she should have been in her "Governmental Accounting
Standards" class, Mary sat in her office with Lahti. She'd been shooed out of the
Sherrif's office while Selene was still incommunicado, and apparently things hadn't
improved much in the past six or seven hours.
"She just sits there. She sits in the questioning room and stares at the walls. She sits
in her cell and stares at the bars. I bet if I took her to a circus she'd sit there and stare
at the tent-flaps." Lahti sounded disgusted with himself. 
"Did Dad show up while you were there?"
"Yeah. He arrived about an hour ago. He said he'd talk to her. I wish him luck getting
her to talk back."
"He's real good at that. He can probably match her stare for stare and then some. But
look what I found." She pulled out one of the money pouches. "See, they have our
name and everything on them."
"That's real cute."
"Oh, hush. The point is, we get the same ones back. Selene just picks--picked--six
up every week. They're all this stiff leather, see?" She pointed at the sides and then at
a seam. "I started looking at the seams of this one today. It took me a while to find
this. Look." She pushed the bottom corners together, hard, and the seam between
them popped open about two inches. "There's wax along it, so all you have to do is
press"--she suited actions to words--"to make it seem whole again. I think she was
taking the money when she sat in the back seat. One wrapped bundle is usually about
$1500, give or take a few dollars. You could get one bundle out each time with few
problems, especially with the guards looking more for robbers outside the car than
in." She looked pleased with herself for about two seconds and then her face fell. "I'd
sure like to know why she did it. She was making decent money, relatively speaking."
"I thought she'd had repo problems."
"Yes, but that was before she got this job. She's just been working for the OEC for
about six months."
"Then there's her brothers..."
"Half-brothers," she interjected.
"Whatever. Have you noticed any sign of drug use with her? Does she hang out with
her half- brothers much?"
"Do you think I would have let her be our courier if I thought she was a druggie?" Do
I have "stupid" written on my forhead in letters of flame? she wondered. "Her dad
died an alcoholic. She was scared of cough medicine, forget real drugs. But, she
didn't seem estranged from her half-brothers or anything. I figured she just grabbed
lunch with them now and then, saw them on holidays, borrowed their socket
wrenches or whatever occasionally. The usual." The usual familial stay-away-closer
stuff.
"To be honest, she doesn't show any signs of regular drug use. No nasal damage, track
marks, disorientation--she may be unresponsive, but she's damn well aware. I don't
know what all to do with her except arrest her for theft. And even then, we probably
won't be able to prove that she took anything but that $1500. I wish I knew what
she'd done with the rest."
"Deposited it."
"What? She put $18,000 into her savings account?"
"Checking, I'm afraid. Non-interest bearing. Not good investment proceedure, but
then she never seemed to have good money management skills."
"Not everyone has Mary the Market Queen to advise them," said Sherrif Obequot. He
stood in the door holding three cups of coffee. Lahti grabbed one gratefully and
gulped it back.
"Thanks, Hank. So, did Selene talk to you?"
"Yeah. Some." He handed one cup of coffee to Mary and sipped his own. "Seems
she's scared of someone here. Wanted the money to run away, get a new start."
"Scared? Of whom?" asked Mary. 
"That she wouldn't say. I don't think its anyone in the tribe, though. I ran a few
names by her- -family members, some other people who've been in and out of
jail--and she didn't even blink. No, I'd say its an outsider." He grinned at Lahti. "Not
you, Issac. I mentioned your name and she just looked disgusted. I wouldn't expect
any home-cooked dinners from that girl soon."
"What about the drugs?" asked Mary.
Hank turned to her. "What?"
"The Madosh brothers got hauled in on drug charges, oh, lord, was it just yesterday
afternoon? Maybe she got involved in something there."
"Mary, I just got done telling you that she didn't look like a user," commented Lahti.
"But her half-brothers were. And they knew a distributer, too. Someone who had
access to big-time stuff. Some kind of dealer. What if she knew something about
that?" Mary's voice grew thoughtful. "If someone wanted to deal at the casino, they'd
have to go through a member of the tribe--that's all we hire for staff. You found
coke on the Madosh brothers, expensive stuff. Say someone came up with an offer for
them, and she found out about it. I don't think she'd go for dealing herself. And, if
someone knew she knew and wasn't involved, someone might get real nervous about
her running around loose. Selene isn't a total fool. She'd know a no-win game if she
saw it and start looking for an exit." She looked at her dad. "Sound good?"
"Sounds gorgeous," he replied. "Now all you have to do is prove it."
"I could run the scenario by her and see if she cracks." Lahti sounded doubtful. He'd
gotten his fill of silent stares last night.
"No, you go home and get some sleep. I'm gonna need you awake tonight," said
Hank.
"What's tonight?"
"The Madosh brothers made bail, which suprised the hell outta me. I think someone
wants them out of jail and I want to know why. You're gonna follow them from the
second they hit the streets until their court date. You'll see who they talk to, who they
wave to, who they make googly-eyes at, who they whistle at, and everything else
they do. I can't get everything I don't like off this reservation, but I'm gonna take
care of this." 
"Yessir." Lahti didn't quite salute, but he did raise his coffee mug several inches.
"They'll think they sprouted a third head."
"Hmph. Its not like they ever used the two they've got." Hank waved him out. Then
he turned to Mary. "I can't tell you to keep your nose out of this." You can try, she
thought. "I can tell you that I want you where I can find you for the next few days. Go
to class. Go to work. Go home. Don't bother Lahti and stay the hell away from our
mini-drug lords."
"Bother Lahti? You're the one who stuck me with him in the first place." Mary
sensed the familiar lines of debate rising between them. It made her feel warm and
fuzzy, like Hallmark cards were supposed to, but didn't. Oh, dem family traditions.
Mary hadn't meant to bother Lahti. The park was on the way home from school, and
she hadn't wanted to skip two days in a row. Tim Madosh was in the park. He'd come
up to her, as a matter of fact.
"Mary! Nice to see you instead of your dad, for a change." He beamed a goofy grin at
her. He was a cute kid, if you liked them kinda vacant around the eyes. 
"Hi yourself, Tim. Where's your brother?" Normally they were joined at the hip.
"Oh, he had some stuff to do," Tim waved a hand vaguely towards the men's
restroom. He looked at his feet, examined a hole in his sneakers and then looked at
her. "I'm sorry about all, well, like, you know."
"Uh, yeah, Tim."
"I think she saw too many mystery movies or something. I mean, its not like
anyone..." He looked around, slightly suprised. 
"Anyone what?" Can this man hold a train of thought for ten seconds straight? she
wondered, just before he crumpled at her feet. A red stain began to soak through the
front of his jacket. As she bent down, he grasped her wrist tightly, then his eyes went
truly blank.
She sat in the hospital, surrounded by sick, worried or wounded people, wondering
who to put down for next of kin on Tim's medical forms. Lahti had come running at
Tim's collapse, but his brother had taken one look at the situation and taken off.
There were roadblocks up and an APB out, but no one held much hope of seeing him
soon. Selene knew a warning when she saw one and had clammed up again. She
wasn't gonna come out of jail until her court date. His dad was years dead--a car
accident, if she remembered right. Tim's mom, perhaps? She was still alive, but was
visiting her sister in Cheboygan. Oh, well. It's not like she had a time limit on
claiming the corpse. Ms. Madosh could drive back slow and easy. 
She felt someone settle in the seat next to her. "Mary?" Lahti looked at her, worry
showing on his face. "Need a lift home?"
"Gotta fill out these forms, first. One thing I'm good at, its filling out forms." She
filled in a few more blanks in her careful handwriting, then set the paper on the
nurses' station. "Have you found the gunman yet?"
"No. We've got some witnesses, but they mosty contradict one another." He didn't
sound too hopeful. Mary tried to remember how many unsolved murders there were
in the U.S. each year. 2,000? 3,000? You'd think she'd remember the numbers. 
"Its just beginning, isn't it?"
"I don't think so. Even if we didn't find the dealer, we've cut off his connections at
the OEC." Or, rather, the dealer had.
"Are the connections really gone?" She leaned her head back wearily. "We've got all
that money changing hands. We've got people coming in every night who can drop
more than most of us make in a year. Even if we can keep the crooks out and the drug
dealers and the rest of the criminal types, I don't know if it'll do any good. Maybe
some of us will be so well off that we'll be able to throw money away on blackjack
and roulette, but that won't be for a long time. How many are gonna get tired of
waiting?" She rubbed her eyes. "The whole casino rests on the lie, 'get rich quick.' Is
everyone gonna keep the job and the lie separate from real life?"
"I don't know. You seem to."
"I know. But, I don't really like money." He laughed and she realized how strange
that sounded, especially from her. "It's true. Money's like power in a motor. I like
seeing how to tune the motor to get it running best, or how other types of engines
work. Money for its own sake never really appealed to me. I guess I'm honest 'cause
dishonesty won't get me anything I want."
"I guess you've got a goal then. You'd better tune the OEC motor to get the rest of
the tribe what they want. They're not just seeing money madness and power plays in
the casino. Its on TV, at the movies, everywhere you look. Everyone's preaching that 
money gets you power gets you money gets you power--as cyclic as the seasons.
That's a pretty strong message, especially if you've been short on both for a long
while."
"So?"
"So you're gonna have to work out a cycle of your own, and show that it works.
You've made a good start with tribal investments like Quick Raven. She's got her
own currency of information. How's that fit in your financial motor metaphor?"
"Pretty well, I guess. Knowlege is power?"
"Oh, yeah. And know-how, putting the knowlege to work for you, that's power, too.
Come on." He offered her his arm. She pointedly stood up on her own, then smiled
and put her hand on his sleeve. Together they walked past the seats full of wounded
people and into the late November evening.
       
                  THE COCK, THE CAT, AND THE MOUSE
   Once upon a time . . . a little mouse decided to go and see the world. 
Packing some food for the journey, he carefully locked his door and set off 
for the unknown. And what a wonderful world he saw! Tall trees, rolling 
countryside, flowers and butterflies he had never set eyes on before. On he 
hiked till, tired out, he came to a peasant's cottage. After eating some of 
his packed lunch, he thought he would inspect what, to him, was a peculiar 
sort of building. He entered the farmyard and his eyes grew round as saucers: 
there in front of him were two strange animals he had never seen before. One
was large and handsome, with four legs, covered all over with soft fur, and 
sporting splendid white whiskers that gave it a solemn respectable air. It was
dozing against the wall. The other, a two-legged creature, had red, yellow and
green feathers and a fierce, bad-tempered look. A pair of cruel eyes in a 
red-crested head glared at the little mouse.
   "How do you do, sir! How do you do..." began the mouse's greeting, as he 
felt foollsh at not knowing the stranger's name. But the feathered creature 
simply puffed out its chest, screeched a loud "Cocka-doodle-doo!" and strutted
towards the mouse, now paralyzed with fear. The little mouse saw the big 
yellow beak hovering over him. "I must run!" he squeaked, turning tail and 
fleeing as fast as his legs would carry him. He spied a hole in the wall and 
dived into it. Inside, three faces stared at him in amazement. 
   "Where did you appear from?" they asked. 
   "I've come . . ." gasped the little mouse breathlessly, ". . . from far 
away! Where am I now?"
   "This is our home. We're field mice. What happened?" And the little mouse 
told them about the animals he had met in the farmyard: one handsome and 
harmless, the other brightly coloured and ferocious. The three field mice 
laughed. "Calm down," they said. "Have a cup of coffee. Don't you realize the 
danger you were in? The creature that frightened you is only a cock, but the 
nice harmless one is our deadliest enemy, the cat! If he'd seen you, you 
wouldn't be here to tell the tale. As you see, you can't always judge by 
appearances!"
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
:   Earth's Dreamlands    :  Info on: RPG's,  :(313)558-5024 : area code    :
:RPGNet World HQ & Archive: Drugs, Industrial :(313)558-5517 : changes to   :
:  1000's of text files   :  music, Fiction,  :InterNet      : (810) after  :
:   No Elite / No porn    :   HomeBrew Beer.  :rpgnet@aol.com: Dec 1,1993   :
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
Cosmic Charlie
by Colin Campbell
	Cosmic Charlie pulled Lilla by the hand down the steps through 
flying rice and confetti toward his car-but his car wasn't there. 
Instead, a red Porsche sat at the curb next to the church. It was 
covered in paper flowers. 
	Charlie stared at the car and then Lilla's father was standing 
there grinning and pressing car keys into Charlie's  hand. "This is 
our surprise wedding present for you. Congratulations, kids." 
	"Oh daddy thank you," Lilla said and she kissed Charlie and 
they climbed into the car. 
	The reception was at a picnic grove in the mountains behind 
Santa Barbara. Charlie marveled at how well the car handled as he 
drove up San Marcos Pass. He was amazed that he was married. He was 
20, and he and Lilla were both still virgins. He was proud of that. 
He stepped on the gas a little bit more and the Porsche surged 
ahead even faster.  
	Then at the turnoff he misjudged the curve and misjudged his 
speed and the car went skidding off the edge and there was a long 
endless plunge with Lilla's scream surrounding him as he uselessly 
stomped the brake and then there was a stupendous impact and a 
bounce and then Charlie was upside down with blood dripping across 
his eyes and he couldn't move to wipe it aside and the only thing 
he could see was Lilla staring blankly, her white dress spattered 
with red, and a metal rod sticking through her head from one ear to 
another like a Steve Martin joke arrow. 
	Lilla's white dress was all he could see. The dress became 
brighter and brighter and he was roaring through a tunnel of 
darkness toward a bright light. And then he passed through. He 
floated dreamily out of consciousness into a shouting cascade of 
dream imagery. His heart stopped. 
	His complicated biomechanical sensory systems failed, and the 
whole organic machine of Charlie's body came to a halt.	
	Still, each individual cell hoped to survive. A good competent 
muscle cell is still alive hours and hours after the coroner signs 
the death certificate. Cut an arm off and wait twelve hours and put 
it back on--it can live. It's been done. 
	The cells are tough-the delicate part is the control system. 
When that fails, everything goes to hell in a hurry and each muscle 
cell sits there dimly in the dark muttering "C'mon, gimme a pulse 
of blood and I'll run like hell, we can still get out of this 
mess."
	But the pulse of blood never came. 
	It was several days before the bodies were found and then the 
families gathered for the funerals. 
	At the funeral Charlie's father found himself talking to 
Lilla's parents. "Charlie had such big plans. His pal Zepp always 
called him "Cosmic" Charlie, his plans were so big....now he's 
gone. Poof."
	"Unless he's reincarnated," said Lilla's mother. 
	"Reincarnation is a silly notion," said Lilla's father. He was 
a mathematician. "There's not a chance in a quintillion that a 
person could be reincarnated." 
	Charlie  was unable to see the tears at the funeral, nor the 
mourning that preoccupied the families for weeks. Charlie knew 
nothing about it because the unique biochemical sensory device his 
DNA had built was no longer reporting to his consciousness: the 
complex organs and interconnective systems were dead. 
	But his DNA was still alive. 
	DNA is not a static thing. It's a complex assemblage of 
billions of atoms writhing and vibrating and accomplishing tasks at 
the core of the cell. 
	Trillions of Charlie's cells were still alive, still waiting 
for that pulse of oxygenated blood, still conducting a purposeful 
internal activity, his stubborn DNA still maintaining a kind of 
consciousness. Charlie dreamed he was still alive.
	But weeks passed and the planet continued to spin around the 
sun, and Charlie's last surviving internal cells began to shut down 
their processes. 
	Six months after the funeral, Zepp and a dozen of Charlie's 
other school pals met at his gravesite overlooking the Pacific 
ocean. They drank too much and didn't mention Charlie. 
	Charlie's DNA still vibrated and communicated to the other 
strands of DNA inside each demised cell; DNA is like a virus and 
can survive even if crystallized. And so part of Charlie's 
consciousness dreamed on, unaware of the passing time.
	On the first anniversary of the crash, Charlie & Lilla's 
parents met at the gravesite on the cliffs above the Pacific ocean, 
and once again they remembered Charlie. It was the last time anyone 
visited Cosmic Charlie's grave.  
	Charlie's school pals graduated and scattered; Lilla's pals 
were were all back on the East coast. 
	Lilla's mother and father died together in a plane crash nine 
years later. Twenty years after that, Charlie's mother died of 
cancer, and then within days his father shot himself. 
	Both of Charlie's brothers died in the Pacific Attack by the 
Asian Hegemony. After 60 years Charlie's sister was dead, too. Soon 
after that everyone in the world he had known was dead. 
	The Earth continued to spin, and the offshore winds ruffled 
the grasses growing on his grave. Some of Charlie's DNA still 
twirled and vibrated down below.
 	A century after Cosmic Charlie died, a severe earthquake split 
off a sliver of the cliffside cemetery, and Charlie's gravesite 
slipped toward the sea.	
	A thousand years after that, a new ice age began. Humanity 
retreated toward the tropics as glaciers covered North America with 
mile-thick ice. The coastlines of Europe receded and England and 
France were once again a single land as the English Channel turned 
into a narrow river. Charlie's gravesite was now a dozen miles from 
the shore. 
	A hundred thousand years passed. A comet smashed into the 
Pacific ocean and 2000 cubic miles of water flashed into steam and 
the resulting storms and climactic disruptions killed 90% of all 
life on Earth. Charlie's cliff tumbled into the newly risen ocean 
and began to be subducted by plate tectonic activity.
	A few humans survived the comet impact and they regrouped to 
again cover the world with cities. 
	Millions of years passed and the continents shifted and 
drifted. Los Angeles scraped north past San Francisco and piled 
into Alaska. Charlie was now part of a geological stratum far below 
the surface, but a few strands of his DNA still vibrated with a 
sense of self-identity.
	The Sun drifted into a cloud of hydrogen gas and flamed 
briefly brighter; huge solar flares erupted and boiled the Earth's 
surface and dense clouds formed. Now Earth looked like Venus.
	In the heightened electromagnetic field of the more active 
sun, the Earth's spin rate declined rapidly. The day was now 30 
hours long and the rotational energy transferred into heat made the 
continents erupt with volcanoes. After hundreds of millions of 
years, no humans were left on earth, although many survived in 
orbit and on planets of other stars. Charlie's molecules were now 
thoroughly reduced to traces of carbon and organic matter in a vein 
of rock. 
	After a few billion years the sun began to run short of 
hydrogen and started burning helium instead. The sun ballooned into 
a red giant 70 million miles in diameter and Earth was scorched to 
a cinder of iron. Mercury and Venus were consumed by the fire. 
	Now Earth was the innermost planet. Then the sun raced through 
the fusion progression as it ploughed through another rich cloud of 
virgin hydrogen gas, and then went supernova. 
	Earth was vaporized. The remnant of the sun was a white dwarf 
star that dimmed gradually over billions of years into a dark, 
barely warm lump of dense matter. 
	By this time the universe had expanded to its limits and began 
to shrink. All matter compressed toward the center and after a 
hundred billion years the universe was once more a zone of 
furiously compacted energy smaller than the diameter of an atom. It 
reached the limits of smallness and exploded outward again. 
	At first the new universe was nothing but boiling quarks and 
leptons. It expanded, and then went through the era of inflation in 
which it hyperexpanded into a hundred trillion quadrillion 
universes, each as big as Charlie's original universe. 
	Each universe cooled as it expanded and hydrogen and helium 
gasses formed. In a few hundred million years there were trillions 
of new galaxies, each with hundreds of billions of stars, and the 
stars raced through evolution to explode into supernovas to form 
new elements. Hydrogen and helium were joined by concentrations of 
carbon and oxygen and nitrogen and silicon and sulfur. 
	As soon as these elements were available, dirtball planets 
began to form out of the clouds around most suns.
	Universes formed solar systems the same way everywhere. Bode's 
Law-the curious periodicity of the orbits of the planets. The 
biggest planet was always in the Jupiter spot. Earth's spot turned 
out to be a resonance with water. In every star system, a water 
planet formed at the distance where it could, given the heat of the 
sun. Always it was a double planet, and the tides of the close 
large moon kept the waters churned and sloshing.  
	The third stone from the sun was always awash in water and the 
tidal and heliomagnetic churnings mixed and separated various kinds  
of muds. 	
	There are only a few ways for quarks to fall together into 
hydrogen atoms. Hydrogens can combine to form other elements, but 
they were the same elements everywhere. There are only about a 
hundred kinds that could stay together long enough to look at. 
	Well you rub these elements around with running water for a 
few billion years and they organize themselves into DNA. They can't 
help it, any more than a hydrogen atom can help it when it mixes 
with another hydrogen and changes to helium. That's the starting 
point. Helium is the building block for life chemicals. Three 
heliums make one carbon. 
	Every solar system had pretty much the same history.  Every 
life world evolved some kind of dinosaur while probing the land 
masses. The designing and launching of land mass probes was an 
absorbing hobby for life, and then the comets and asteroids wiped 
things clean and it was always the smaller, cannier designs that 
survived. The comets smashed things up every few million years.
	Just as there's only one way to put a solar system together, 
there's only one kind of DNA pattern that will bring about the 
specialized organ, the human brain, that has been developed to 
transmit and receive information from other consciousnesses, and to 
store data. The problem with consciousness is that you need a 
memory, and memory can be stored only in a physical system. A 
consciousness can access and use memory, but only if the hardware 
is working. 
	Although a given DNA structure is unique in its own universe, 
it is bound to occur in another universe sooner or later if you 
have enough universes. Since there are infinite number of 
universes, there are an infinite number of universes with identical 
DNA structures.  In each universe, after ten billion years there 
were 10 trillion galaxies, each with 100 billion stars and 100 
billion water planets. 
	A small percentage of solar systems didn't pan out, but of all 
the solar systems in a given universe, 100,000,000,000,000,000,000 
had planets just about like Earth. Somewhere in the high 
quintillions. And as luck would have it, as life evolved on one of 
those worlds, one of them developed exactly as had Earth. And 
Cosmic Charlie was born again.	
	His life proceeded exactly as before and then there was a red  
Porsche at the foot of the stairs and Lilla's dad was there with 
that strange smile and he was holding out the car keys to Charlie.
	Charlie was filled with a sense of deja vu. He started the car 
and drove up San Marcos Pass, and once again skidded off the edge, 
only this time he survived, paralyzed from the chest down. 
	He went through rehabilitation and learned to live in a 
wheelchair. Two years later Charlie was visiting at a friend's 
house and the friends were invited to a party, but it was on a non-
wheelchair-accesss boat, and Charlie couldn't go. By this time he 
had a drinking problem. He stayed home to take care of the host's 
dog and parakeets for a weekend. On Saturday night he opened a 
liter of Stolichnya and sipped it as he poked around the house. He 
opened a drawer and there was a big pistol, a .44 Magnum just like 
the ones Dirty Harry used. He took out the big black steel thing, 
it was as long as his forearm, and he took a long drink of vodka,  
and he waved the gun around and pulled the trigger a few times and 
it clicked, and on impulse he put it to his head and pulled the 
trigger. Brains splattered on the wall, and Charlie's DNA awareness 
plunged blindly ahead once again into the foamy chaos of the Big 
Bang. 
	A billion quadrillion years went by and another universe 
evolved a copy of Charlie's DNA and it produced another copy of him 
and the universe propelled him through exactly the same red Porsche 
crash, and there he was with the pistol in his hand once again and 
he put the gun to his head and pulled the trigger and the gun 
clicked, and clicked, and clicked. 
	Then Charlie opened the gun and felt a sudden chill and his 
stomach churned when he saw the dull brass of the single cartridge 
in the cylinder, and the circular pit in the cartridge's primer 
where the firing pin had struck. It was a dud. 
	If there are an infinite number of duplicates of you, your 
consciousness won't notice the loss of an individual body or two. 
If you pile your motorcycle into a tree and crush your head, a few 
bodies out of the infinity might die, but all consciousness would 
still exist. The consciousness would not be aware of the dead 
bodies, no more than we are aware of the fingernails and feces we 
shed each day. 
	There were endless identical universes in which his every 
alternative choice was lived. 	His DNA structure could be developed 
during a 100,000 year window: from the start of the Cro-Magnon era 
until humans learn how to program the DNA themselves, after which 
the baton of consciousness is carried forward by silicon and teflon 
creatures and mankind joins the dinosaurs. 
	Sometimes the DNA was identical but the society was primitive: 
when Charlie was born into a Stone Age family, he rarely lived 
longer than a few days, due to a low Apgar rating and a lack of 
sophisticated medical attention. If he did manage to survive 
infancy he almost always died in childhood due to clumsiness. 
	True human consciousness doesn't emerge until the connection 
between the right brain and the left brain, the corpus callosum, 
knits together around age 10; Charlie's DNA was rarely able to get 
a complete, fully developed brain into existence, let alone a 
sexually mature body. 
	Each time Charlie's DNA replayed in a new universe, the events 
of his life were depressingly similar. Even with the best foods and 
nutrients available, his DNA structure was unable to build a 
strong, dextrous body, and he fumbled through life after life with 
the same clumsy embarrassments scarring his emotional development. 
	Not only was Charlie's DNA a less-than-perfect plan, 
susceptible to early disease and death, but also the greatest 
number of human births takes place in the last millennium of human 
existence. The likely places for Cosmic Charlie's DNA to occur and 
survive turned out to be societies that had equalled the medical 
advances of the mid-20th century. That was the only place where 
Charlie's DNA came to full adolescent bloom. And each time he drove 
the new red Porsche off the cliff.
	 So far, in how many billions of iterations, he had yet to 
live long enough to reproduce. He was always the one asleep in the 
back of the car coming home from the prom when the drunken driver 
piled into the parked road grader. He was always the one drowned in 
two feet of water during the Cub Scout canoe trip. 
	There were untold billions of universes where Charlie drove 
drunkenly onto the freeway in the wrong direction and suddenly 
realized it just as the oncoming car smashed the world into 
oblivion, and a quintillion years went by and another Charlie woke 
at home in his own bed with a terrible hangover and he didn't 
remember the crash. In his universe he'd gone home by a different 
route when a traffic light turned red instead of green as he 
approached the intersection. He sat at the red light and passed out 
instead of going onto the freeway, and woke at 5am slumped over the 
wheel, head aching, back stiff, the motor still running and the gas 
gauge on E. He was still drunk but he drove safely home and flopped 
into bed and never even remembered that he'd passed out. He never 
did figure out where the gas went. 
	In all the universes there wasn't a Cosmic Charlie who made it 
to his 24th birthday. But the Charlies kept on relentlessly coming 
into existence.
	It was true that the assemblage of his particular pattern of 
DNA was unlikely; but every few quintillion universes or so, it 
would pop up again. Not always the same situation; sometimes the 
DNA structure showed up in days of Wyatt Earp and Jesse James of 
the old West, and sometimes the DNA structure was born on the moon, 
but all seemed to come to grips with the universe in the same 
inefficient manner. 
	Consider  a cube one light year on a side.  Now set off a 
flashbulb inside it once every hundred billion years. Now imagine a 
being so long-lived, and so slow, that it perceived the flashes as 
a continuous glow. That's what Charlie was: a collection of 
miniature flashes of DNA existence, one  per universe, that pile up 
until they appear to be a continuous beam of light. 
	To the pervasive consciousness of the universe, Cosmic Charlie 
is a window, a hardware assemblage. The assemblage blinks on every 
few billion years, and to the viewing consciousness it is as though 
the time gap did not exist. 
	As trillions to the trillionth power of universes blinked in 
and out of existence, a resonance built up across a timeless 
dimension, and when the number of individuals with the Cosmic 
Charlie DNA reached the high quintillions, the resonance linked 
with itself into a higher consciousness, aware of itself in the 
same way that the pubescent brain becomes aware of itself when the 
corpus callosum is finished and the time differential between the 
two lobes become the "now" that our consciousness resides in. 
	UltraCharlie became more and more aware of the huge network of 
his being, but he couldn't control the individual cells well enough 
to discuss it or cause a change in the life-pattern. Might as well 
ask a neuron to explain a thought that has passed through it as a 
chemical pulse. He still kept driving that red Porsche over the 
cliff. 
	Charlie rode through googolplexes of universes from big bang 
back to coalescence, and it seemed that the bangs were happening 
faster and faster, subjectively, while in his childhood the orbit 
of one planet around a sun was nearly infinite. His consciousness 
was limited to that of the particular body he grew in, and his 
consciousness merged only with others of his exact DNA structure.
	But as his experience grew, the infinity of other individuals 
with his DNA structure became apparent. The more he learned, the 
further away his particular childhood seemed. Now he resonated with 
the consciousness of all the members of his genetic structure-the 
old man and the young boy, the gnarled and maimed ones, and the 
ones hopelessly mired in pretechnological poverty. 
	And suddenly he was walking down the steps toward the red 
Porsche, and this time when Lilla's dad gave him the keys, he 
handed them to Lilla, and she drove flawlessly over the mountain to 
the reception. A year later Cosmic Charlie, Jr, was born, and then 
the infinite flicker of DNA combinations began again.
	Except that this time, the super-consciousness gained contact 
with subtler variations of the DNA cognates, rather than merely 
with the exact-duplicate Charlies.  Charlie's cross-universal 
consciousness reverberated along with the DNA of his offspring, 
too, and Charlie moved up a notch on the Karmic wheel.
                THE DONKEY THAT THOUGHT HE WAS CLEVER
   Once upon a time . . . a donkey thought he was very clever. Every day, his 
master harnessed him to a cart loaded with goods. They always went the same 
way to the village: along a wide path through the wood, down a gentle slope 
into farmland, then along the river to the ford and over the plain to the 
village.
   Since the route was always the same, the donkey's master had got into the 
habit of having a snooze on top of the cart while the donkey, who knew the way
by heart plodded on.
   Feeling unwell one day, the man decided to risk sending the donkey by 
himself with a load for urgent delivery. When the animal returned, he was 
given a double ration of oats as reward.
   "Since you're so clever at remembering the way," the man said, "I'm going 
to send you alone always, then I can do other jobs!" And from then on, in all
kinds of weather, the donkey travelled to the village by himself. His master
was delighted.
   However, one morning, when the donkey reached the river, he decided to
shorten his journey by wading across the water. But he entered the river at a
deep spot, much deeper than the donkey expected, and he had to swim against
the current.
   Luckily, he was carrying a load of salt day, and some of it dissolved in 
the water, easing the donkey's load, so that he reached the other side without
much difficulty. "I am clever," said the donkey, pleased with himself. "I've 
found short cut."
   Next day, the man loaded the cart with sponges, and the donkey set off as 
usual. When he arrived at the river, he again thought he would take the short 
cut, and entered the water as he had done the day before. But this time, the 
sponges soaked up the water and made the cart heavy, so that the poor animal 
could not keep his head above water. And in spite of all his efforts, the 
donkey that thought he was so clever, sank below the surface of the water 
together with his load.
                  THE COUNTRY MOUSE AND THE TOWN MOUSE
   Once upon a time . . . a town mouse, on a trip to the country, met a 
country mouse. They spent the day together and became friends. The country
mouse took his new friend into the meadows and vegetable gardens, making him
sample all the good things of the land. Never having seen the beauties of the
countryside, the town mouse was thrilled, though the country mouse's plain
food wasn't nearly as fine as his own usual meals. To thank his friend for the
lovely outing, he invited the country mouse to visit him in the town. And when
the country mouse saw the pantry at his friend's house, full of hams, cheese, 
oil, flour, honey, jam and stacks of other goodies, he stood speechless with
surprise.
   "I've never seen anything like it! Are all those wonderful things for 
eating?"
   "Of course!" came the re-ply. "You're my guest, so tuck in!" They began to
feast, while the country mouse tried not to stuff himself. He wanted to taste 
everything before finding his tummy full.
   "You're the luckiest mouse I've ever met!" said the country mouse to his 
town brother. The town mouse was listening with delight to his friend's 
praise, when suddenly, the sound of heavy footsteps interrupted their feast.
   "Run for it!" whispered the town mouse to his friend. They were just in 
time: for within an inch of them stood the lady of the house's large foot.
Luckily, the lady went away and the two mice returned to enjoy their meal, so
rudely interrupted.
   "It's all right! Come on!" said the town mouse."Don't worry. She's gone.
Now for the honey! It's delicious! Have you ever tasted it?"
   "Yes, once, a long time ago,"the country mouse lied, trying to sound
casual. But when he tasted it, he exclaimed: "Scrumptious! By the King of
Mice! I ve never eaten anything so lovely in all my life!"
   Suddenly there came the sound of footsteps, this time thumping heavily. The
two mice fled. The man of the house had come to fetch some bottles, and when he
saw the spilt honey, he groaned: "Those ghastly mice again! I thought I've got
rid of them. I'll send the cat!" And trembling with terror, the mice hid away.
This time it was not only the sudden visit that had given them a fright, it
was the man's awful words. The mice were so scared, they held their breath, 
making no sound. Then, since all remained quiet, they began to feel braver,
and picked up enough courage to leave their hidey-hole.
   "We can come out now! There's nobody here!" the town mouse whispered.
   Suddenly, the pantry door creaked, and the two luckless mice froze in fear.
Out of the dim light glowed a pair of horrid yellow eyes. A large cat was 
staring round the room in search of its prey. The country mouse and the town 
mouse tiptoed silently back to their hidey-hole. They wished their pounding 
hearts would stop beating, for fear of the cat hearing the noise they made. 
But, as luck would have it, the cat discovered a juicy sausage. Forgetting why
his master had sent him into the pantry, he stopped to eat it. No longer 
hungry, after that, the cat decided that he might as well leave mouse-hunting 
for another day. Off he padded, to have forty winks elsewhere. Now, as soon as
the country mouse realized that all danger was past, he did not lose a second.
He hastily shook hands with his friend, saying: "Thanks so much for everything!
But I must rush off now! I can't stand all these shocks! I's far rather sit
down to a meal of a few acorns in peace, in the country, than face a great
spread of delicious food, surrounded by dangers on all sides and with my heart
in my mouth!" 
Background for Cool Darkness
	Sinclair was one of the first people to develop electromagnetic 
devices and weapons.  He created the first series of needlers and gaussian 
weaponry and has been creating state-of-the-art weaponry ever since.  
The Sinclair K2 is a single hand-held needler that is not-so common 
among well armed groups or people of the lower class.  It uses longer 
needles than the K1, a single-hand needler that uses 3" needles, 80 per 
four inch mag.  These needles are 5" long with a 5" mag holding 50.  It's 
wider than a K1 and is used primarily for penetration and power against 
armored individuals.  Most K2's are semiauto while the K1 has on-the-fly 
switching from semi to full auto capabilities.  Cerated, armor piercing 
and explosive needles are available into the military, security and black 
markets.
	Polymetals are alloys of metals that have polymer composites 
fabricated into the material at the time of final molding.  This allows for 
improved chemical and physical properties of the material while 
improving its strength and the ability to keep a sharp edge.  It also aids 
in reinforcing materials such as strengthening armor plating and 
bullet-proof jackets.
	The story takes place somewhere around 2030 in a fast growing 
suburb of Philadelphia.
				Cool Darkness
					by Matthew Carpenter
			Chapter 1 : Mark of the Huntress	
	"Awe, shit.  Man this is too much for one night" Dave sighed.
Five hours on the net after a full day's work at the office was enough
for a 24 hour day.  He slouched back into his recliner and turned on the 
built in massage, pulled the plugs from his system and blankly stared at 
the ceiling.
	"Too bad you still got a few hours before it's over."  He loosened
his tie and unbuttoned the top button of his white shirt.  A midnight
snack should be good he thought to himself.  He sleepily stood up 
between rolls of computer paper and electronic cables snaking through 
the small den of his apartment in Philly.  'Thank god the lights are off or 
I'd really have a headache.'  Dave walked out of the room, still thinking 
over the latest ideas from work involving the net connections between 
North America and Europe.  'Goddamn bureaucrats think they know 
everything.  Hell, they probably couldn't even tell if I changed their 
comm links from DC to LA.'  The walk to the refrigerator was short.  The 
light from inside blinded him shortly since it was the only light on in 
the house.  'I wonder what Cryon is up to tonight.  They haven't been 
going out as much lately as they used to.'  A thought that sounded like 
something was getting ready to go down, but with no background.  They 
haven't done anything lately that would hint to it.  He didn't like that.
	He pulled an open jar of pickles out of the frig and a container of 
mustard, opened the bread drawer and got a loaf of old bread that was on
the brink of molding.  Some meat and a bag of chips followed.  He sat 
down at the small round table next the to kitchen entrance and began 
making a sandwich.  He took a bite.  'Damn thing is getting stale.  I 
wonder how Nick is doing?  The last time I talked with him must've been 
2 weeks ago.'  He swiveled around in his chair to a wall panel and entered 
the code for  a direct telecom interconnect.
	The video jumped up and Nick's tired face showed up on the 
screen.
	"Nick, how you doin' man?" squawked Dave getting ready to take 
another bite out of his sandwich.
	"Dave...Do you know what time it is?"
	"Yeah, but I couldn't sleep.  What's up.  I haven't.."
	Blink.  Blink.  A monitor light went on.  Someone's at the door, 
thought Dave.  'Who the hell would come at a time like this?'
	"Hang on, someone's at the door."
	"At this time of night?"  It was too late.  Dave was already up and 
heading for the door.  Opening up another panel, the lights went on and 
Dave spoke through the intercom mic.
	"Who's there?"
	The monitor light blinked again.
	"I said who's there!?"  'No answer.  No answer.'  Something's up.  
He began walking away from the door.  
	"Get out Nick.  Somethin's up!"  yelled Dave from across the room.
	"What's going on over there Dave!?"
	THUD..THUD.  CRACK!  Dave's door popped partly open as the 
bottom hinge cracked out of the door frame.  THUD..THUD..SMASH!  The 
top hinge nearly exploded open with force as the door toppled to one 
side, rendering the computer and physical locking mechanisms 
completely ineffective.  Dave scurried backward as a large man slowly 
walked into the apartment, stepping on the discarded door.  Dark short 
hair and a dark skinned face sat on top of a set of shoulders and a huge 
frame as he pulled something out of his dark, tattered overcoat.  Dave 
turned to run towards his den when a silent shot was fired into his left 
leg.  
	"Aaauuuuu!" screamed Dave as he fell into the table where he had 
just begun his midnight snack.  The telecom monitor flicked off as Dave 
moved to face his attacker.  He side slouched into his chair, holding his 
leg.  A needle stuck out of it by about an inch, leaving a small circular 
blood stain forming on his dress pants.
	The man walked up to Dave shooting another two silent shots into 
his leg, making him scream in pain.  A large hand wrapped itself around 
Dave's throat and began picking him up.  His face reddened and his eyes 
began to bulge as he was suspended in mid air by his attacker's 
suffocating grip.  His grip was hard, almost too hard as Dave reached up 
with both hands to grasp it.
	"Who the hell are you!" Dave spit out having more difficulty 
breathing.  The light from the room was in his eyes so he couldn't see his 
enemy's face.  He didn't remember running into him before, he was sure 
of that.  A shot was fired at the control panel on the wall, but not by his 
attacker who had put his gun down on the dining table.  Another shot 
and the panel exploded in an array of sparks and flames.  A final shot 
was fired at the lights which exploded out, darkening the apartment 
once more.  Dave flinched from the spraying glass.  He was lifted a little 
higher as his assailant's other fist flew into Dave's lower ribs, making a 
noticeable cracking sound as it shattered a few, knocking the wind out of 
Dave.  He was then turned around and thrown into the opposite wall of 
his den a few feet away.  His attacker turned around to pick up his gun, 
which gave Dave a little time to move out of the way by crawling into his 
den amongst the electronics and wires.  Two more shots were fired 
directly into his leg as he was almost fully in, leaving him immobile 
from the pain with only the sounds of heavy footsteps echoing toward 
the den's entrance.
	The split, mangy tails of a cheap grayish-black overcoat dangled 
at the ankles of Dave's pursuer.  Combat boots and a dark cat burglar's 
baggy suit shown underneath the opened coat, as a Sinclair K2 was being 
placed back in it's shoulder harness, then covered by the thick fiber-
metal mesh coat.  He couldn't see a face or even a head from his 
encumbered position on the carpeted floor.  Dave just stared at his large 
enemy, unable to move from the pain in his cracked ribs, and the 5 inch 
needles sticking out of his left leg.  The only taste from his interrupted 
midnight snack away from the net was of blood.
