very perfectly understand them. I then gave up my silver and copper         
money, my purse with nine large pieces of gold, and some smaller ones;      
my knife and razor, my comb and silver snuff-box, my handkerchief and       
journal-book. My scimitar, pistols, and pouch, were conveyed in             
carriages to his Majesty's stores; but the rest of my goods were            
returned me.                                                                
  I had, as I before observed, one private pocket which escaped             
their search, wherein there was a pair of spectacles (which I               
sometimes use for the weakness of my eyes), a pocket perspective,           
and several other little conveniences; which, being of no                   
consequence to the Emperor, I did not think myself bound in honor to        
discover, and I apprehended they might be lost or spoiled if I              
ventured them out of my possession.                                         
                                                                            
P_1|CH_3                                                                    
  CHAPTER III                                                               
-                                                                           
  My gentleness and good behavior had gained so far on the Emperor and      
his court, and indeed upon the army and people in general, that I           
began to conceive hopes of getting my liberty in a short time. I            
took all possible methods to cultivate this favorable disposition. The      
natives came by degrees to be less apprehensive of any danger from me.      
I would sometimes lie down, and let five or six of them dance on my         
hand. And last the boys and girls would venture to come and play at         
hide and seek in my hair. I had now made good progress in                   
understanding and speaking their language. The Emperor had a mind           
one day to entertain me with several of the country shows, wherein          
they exceeded all nations I have known, both for dexterity and              
magnificence. I was diverted with none so much as that of the               
rope-dancers, performed upon a slender white thread, extended about         
two feet, and twelve inches from the ground. Upon which I shall desire      
liberty, with the reader's patience, to enlarge a little.                   
  This diversion is only practiced by those persons who are candidates      
for great employments and high favors at court. They are trained in         
this art from their youth, and are not always of noble birth, or            
liberal education. When a great office is vacant either by death or         
disgrace (which often happens) five or six of those candidates              
petition the Emperor to entertain his Majesty and the court with a          
dance on the rope, and whoever jumps the highest without falling,           
succeeds in the office. Very often the chief ministers themselves           
are commanded to show their skill, and to convince the Emperor that         
they have not lost their faculty. Flimnap, the Treasurer, is allowed        
to cut a caper on the straight rope, at least an inch higher than           
any other lord in the whole empire. I have seen him do the summerset        
several times together upon a trencher fixed on the rope, which is          
no thicker than a common packthread in England. My friend Reldresal,        
principal Secretary for Private Affairs, is, in my opinion, if I am         
not partial, the second after the Treasurer; the rest of the great          
officers are much upon a par.                                               
  These diversions are often attended with fatal accidents, whereof         
great numbers are on record. I myself have seen two or three                
candidates break a limb. But the danger is much greater when the            
ministers themselves are commanded to show their dexterity; for by          
contending to excell themselves and their fellows, they strain so far,      
that there is hardly one of them who has not received a fall, and some      
of them two or three. I was assured that a year or two before my            
arrival, Flimnap would have infallibly broken his neck, if one of           
the King's cushions, that accidentally lay on the ground, had not           
weakened the force of his fall.                                             
  There is likewise another diversion, which is only shown before           
the Emperor and Empress, and first minister, upon particular                
occasions. The Emperor lays on the table three fine silken threads          
of six inches long. One is blue, the other red, and the third green.        
These threads are proposed as prizes for those persons whom the             
Emperor has a mind to distinguish by a peculiar mark of his favor. The      
ceremony is performed in his Majesty's great chamber of state, where        
the candidates are to undergo a trial of dexterity very different from      
the former, and such as I have not observed the least resemblance of        
in any other country of the old or the new world. The Emperor holds         
a stick in his hands, both ends parallel to the horizon, while the          
candidates, advancing one by one, sometimes leap over the stick,            
sometimes creep under it backwards and forwards several times,              
according as the stick is advanced or depressed. Sometimes the Emperor      
holds one end of the stick, and his first minister the other;               
sometimes the minister has it entirely to himself. Whoever performs         
his part with most agility, and holds out the longest in leaping and        
creeping, is rewarded with the blue-colored silk; the red is given          
to the next, and the green to the third, which they all wear girt           
twice round about the middle; and you see few great persons about this      
court who are not adorned with one of these girdles.                        
  The horses of the army, and those of the royal stables, having            
been daily led before me, were no longer shy, but would come up to          
my very feet without starting. The riders would leap them over my hand      
as I held it on the ground, and one of the Emperor's huntsmen, upon         
a large courser, took my foot, shoe and all; which was indeed a             
prodigious leap. I had the good fortune to divert the Emperor one           
day after a very extraordinary manner. I desired he would order             
several sticks two feet high, and the thickness of an ordinary cane,        
to be brought me; whereupon his Majesty commanded the master of his         
woods to give directions accordingly; and the next morning six woodmen      
arrived with as many carriages, drawn by eight horses to each. I            
took nine of these sticks, and fixing them firmly in the ground in a        
quadrangular figure, two feet and a half square, I took four other          
sticks, and tied them parallel at each corner, about two feet from the      
ground; then I fastened my handkerchief to the nine sticks that             
stood erect, and extended it on all sides till it was as tight as           
the top of a drum; and the four parallel sticks rising about five           
inches higher than the handkerchief served as ledges on each side.          
When I had finished my work, I desired the Emperor to let a troop of        
his best horse, twentyfour in number, come and exercise upon this           
plain. His Majesty approved of the proposal, and I took them up one by      
one in my hands, ready mounted and armed, with the proper officers          
to exercise them. As soon as they got into order, they divided into         
two parties, performed mock skirmishes, discharged blunt arrows,            
drew their swords, fled and pursued, attacked and retired, and in           
short discovered the best military discipline I ever beheld. The            
parallel sticks secured them and their horses from falling over the         
stage; and the Emperor was so much delighted, that he ordered this          
entertainment to be repeated several days, and once was pleased to          
be lifted up and give the word of command; and, with great difficulty,      
persuaded even the Empress herself to let me hold her in her close          
chair within two yards of the stage, from whence she was able to            
take a full view of the whole performance. It was my good fortune that      
no ill accident happened in these entertainments, only once a fiery         
horse that belonged to one of the captains pawing with his hoof struck      
a hole in my handkerchief, and his foot slipping, he overthrew his          
rider and himself; but I immediately relieved them both, and                
covering the hole with one hand, I set down the troop with the              
other, in the same manner as I took them up. The horse that fell was        
strained in the left shoulder, but the rider got no hurt, and I             
repaired my handkerchief as well as I could: however I would not trust      
to the strength of it any more in such dangerous enterprises.               
                                                     {P_1|CH_3 ^paragraph 5}
  About two or three days before I was set at liberty, as I was             
entertaining the court with these kind of feats, there arrived an           
express to inform his Majesty that some of his subjects riding near         
the place where I was first taken up, had seen a great black substance      
lying on the ground, very oddly shaped, extending its edges round as        
wide as his Majesty's bedchamber, and rising up in the middle as            
high as a man; that it was no living creature, as they at first             
apprehended, for it lay on the grass without motion, and some of            
them had walked round it several tunes: that by mounting upon each          
other's shoulders, they had got to the top, which was flat and even,        
and stamping upon it they found it was hollow within; that they humbly      
conceived it might be something belonging to the Man-Mountain, and          
if his Majesty pleased, they would undertake to bring it with only          
five horses. I presently knew what they meant, and was glad at heart        
to receive this intelligence. It seems upon my first reaching the           
shore after our shipwreck, I was in such confusion, that before I came      
to the place where I went to sleep, my hat, which I had fastened            
with a string to my head while I was rowing, and had stuck on all           
the time I was swimming, fell off after I came to land; the string, as      
I conjecture, breaking by some accident which I never observed, but         
thought my hat had been lost at sea. I entreated his Imperial               
Majesty to give orders it might be brought to me as soon as                 
possible, describing to him the use and the nature of it: and the next      
day the wagoners arrived with it, but not in a very good condition;         
they had bored two holes in the brim, within an inch and a half of the      
edge, and fastened two hooks in the holes; these hooks were tied by         
a long cord to the harness, and thus my hat was dragged along for           
above half an English mile: but the ground in that country being            
extremely smooth and level, it received less damage than I expected.        
  Two days after this adventure, the Emperor having ordered that            
part of his army which quarters in and about his metropolis to be in a      
readiness, took a fancy of diverting himself in a very singular             
manner. He desired I would stand like a Colossus, with my legs as           
far asunder as I conveniently could. He then commanded his General          
(who was an old experienced leader, and a great patron of mine) to          
draw up the troops in close order, and march them under me, the foot        
by twentyfour in a breast, and the horse by sixteen, with drums             
beating, colors flying, and pikes advanced. This body consisted of          
three thousand foot, and a thousand horse. His Majesty gave orders,         
upon pain of death, that every soldier in his march should observe the      
strictest decency with regard to my person; which, however, could           
not prevent some of the younger officers from turning up their eyes as      
they passed under me. And, to confess the truth, my breeches were at        
that time in so ill a condition, that they afforded some opportunities      
for laughter and admiration.                                                
  I had sent so many memorials and petitions for my liberty, that           
his Majesty at length mentioned the matter, first in the cabinet,           
and then in a full council; where it was opposed by none, except            
Skyresh Bolgolam, who was pleased, without any provocation, to be my        
mortal enemy. But it was carried against him by the whole board, and        
confirmed by the Emperor. That minister was Galbet, or Admiral of           
the Realm, very much in his master's confidence, and a person well          
versed in affairs, but of a morose and sour complexion. However, he         
was at length persuaded to comply; but prevailed that the articles and      
conditions upon which I should be set free, and to which I must swear,      
should be drawn up by himself. These articles were brought to me by         
Skyresh Bolgolam in person, attended by two under-secretaries, and          
several persons of distinction. After they were read, I was demanded        
to swear to the performance of them; first in the manner of my own          
country, and afterwards in the method prescribed by their laws;             
which was to hold my right foot in my left hand, to place the middle        
finger of my right hand on the crown of my head, and my thumb on the        
tip of my right ear. But because the reader may perhaps be curious          
to have some idea of the style and manner of expression peculiar to         
that people, as well as to know the articles upon which I recovered my      
liberty, I have made a translation of the whole instrument word for         
word, as near as I was able, which I here offer to the public.              
-                                                                           
  GOLBASTO MOMAREN EVLAME GURDILO SHEFIN MULLY ULLY GUE, most mighty        
Emperor of Lilliput, delight and terror of the universe, whose              
dominions extend five thousand blustrugs (about twelve miles in             
circumference) to the extremities of the globe; monarch of all              
monarchs, taller than the sons of men; whose feet press down to the         
center, and whose head strikes against the sun; at whose nod the            
princes of the earth shake their knees; pleasant as the spring,             
comfortable as the summer, fruitful as autumn, dreadful as winter. His      
most sublime Majesty proposes to the Man-Mountain, lately arrived to        
our celestial dominions, the following articles, which by a solemn          
oath he shall be obliged to perform.                                        
                                                    {P_1|CH_3 ^paragraph 10}
  First, The Man-Mountain shall not depart from our dominions, without      
our license under our great seal.                                           
  2nd, He shall not presume to come into our metropolis, without our        
express order; at which time the inhabitants shall have two hours           
warning to keep within their doors.                                         
  3rd, The said Man-Mountain shall confine his walks to our                 
principal high roads, and not offer to walk or lie down in a meadow or      
field of corn.                                                              
  4th, As he walks the said roads, he shall take the utmost care not        
to trample upon the bodies of any of our loving subjects, their             
horses, or carriages, nor take any of our said subjects into his            
hands, without their own consent.                                           
  5th, If an express requires extraordinary dispatch, the Man-Mountain      
shall be obliged to carry in his pocket the messenger and horse a           
six days journey once in every moon, and return the said messenger          
back (if so required) safe to our Imperial Presence.                        
                                                    {P_1|CH_3 ^paragraph 15}
  6th, He shall be our ally against our enemies in the Island of            
Blefuscu, and do his utmost to destroy their fleet, which is now            
preparing to invade us.                                                     
  7th, That the said Man-Mountain shall, at his times of leisure, be        
aiding and assisting to our workmen, in helping to raise certain great      
stones, towards covering the wall of the principal park, and other          
of our royal buildings.                                                     
  8th, That the said Man-Mountain shall, in two moons' time, deliver        
in an exact survey of the circumference of our dominions by a               
computation of his own paces round the coast.                               
   Lastly, That upon his solemn oath to observe all the above               
articles, the said Man-Mountain shall have a daily allowance of meat        
and drink sufficient for the support of 1,728 of our subjects, with         
free access to our Royal Person, and other marks of our favor. Given        
at our Palace at Belfaborac the twelfth day of the ninety-first moon        
of our reign.                                                               
-                                                                           
                                                    {P_1|CH_3 ^paragraph 20}
  I swore and subscribed to these articles with great cheerfulness and      
content, although some of them were not so honorable as I could have        
wished; which proceeded wholly from the malice of Skyresh Bolgolam the      
High Admiral: whereupon my chains were immediately unlocked, and I was      
at full liberty; the Emperor himself in person did me the honor to          
be by at the whole ceremony. I made my acknowledgments by                   
prostrating myself at his Majesty's feet: but he commanded me to rise;      
and after many gracious expressions, which, to avoid the censure of         
vanity, I shall not repeat, he added, that he hoped I should prove a        
useful servant, and well deserve all the favors he had already              
conferred upon me, or might do for the future.                              
  The reader may please to observe, that in the last article for the        
recovery of my liberty the Emperor stipulates to allow me a quantity        
of meat and drink sufficient for the support of 1,728 Lilliputians.         
Some time after, asking a friend at court how they came to fix on that      
determinate number, he told me that his Majesty's mathematicians,           
having taken the height of my body by the help of a quadrant, and           
finding it to exceed theirs in the proportion of twelve to one, they        
concluded from the similarity of their bodies, that mine must               
contain at least 1,728 of theirs, and consequently would require as         
much food as was necessary to support that number of Lilliputians.          
By which the reader may conceive an idea of the ingenuity of that           
people, as well as the prudent and exact economy of so great a prince.      
                                                                            
P_1|CH_4                                                                    
  CHAPTER IV                                                                
-                                                                           
  The first request I made after I had obtained my liberty, was,            
that I might have license to see Mildendo, the metropolis, which the        
Emperor easily granted me, but with a special charge to do no hurt          
either to the inhabitants or their houses. The people had notice by         
proclamation of my design to visit the town. The wall which                 
encompassed it is two feet and a half high, and at least eleven inches      
broad, so that a coach and horses may be driven very safely round           
it; and it is flanked with strong towers at ten feet distance. I            
stepped over the great Gate, and passed very gently, and sidering           
through the two principal streets, only in my short waistcoat, for          
fear of damaging the roofs and eaves of the houses with the skirts          
of my coat. I walked with the utmost circumspection, to avoid treading      
on any stragglers, that might remain in the streets, although the           
orders were very strict, that all people should keep in their houses        
at their own peril. The garret windows and tops of houses were so           
crowded with spectators, that I thought in all my travels I had not         
seen a more populous place. The city is an exact square, each side          
of the wall being five hundred feet long. The two great streets, which      
run cross and divide it into four quarters, are five feet wide. The         
lanes and alleys, which I could not enter, but only viewed them as I        
passed, are from twelve to eighteen inches. The town is capable of          
holding five hundred thousand souls. The houses are from three to five      
stories. The shops and markets well provided.                               
  The Emperor's palace is in the centre of the city, where the two          
great streets meet. It is enclosed by a wall of two feet high, and          
twenty feet distant from the buildings. I had his Majesty's permission      
to step over this wall; and the space being so wide between that and        
the palace, I could easily view it on every side. The outward court is      
a square of forty feet, and includes two other courts: in the inmost        
are the royal apartments, which I was very desirous to see, but             
found it extremely difficult; for the great gates, from one square          
into another, were but eighteen inches high and seven inches wide. Now      
the buildings of the outer court were at least five feet high, and          
it was impossible for me to stride over them without infinite damage        
to the pile, though the walls were strongly built of hewn stone, and        
four inches thick. At the same time the Emperor had a great desire          
that I should see the magnificence of his palace; but this I was not        
able to do till three days after, which I spent in cutting down with        
my knife some of the largest trees in the royal park, about a               
hundred yards distant from the city. Of these trees I made two stools,      
each about three feet high, and strong enough to bear my weight. The        
people having received notice a second time, I went again through           
the city to the palace, with my two stools in my hands. When I came to      
the side of the outer court, I stood upon one stool, and took the           
other in my hand: this I lifted over the roof, and gently set it            
down on the space between the first and second court, which was             
eight feet wide. I then stepped over the buildings very conveniently        
from one stool to the other, and drew up the first after me with a          
hooked stick. By this contrivance I got into the inmost court; and          
lying down upon my side, I applied my face to the windows of the            
middle stories, which were left open on purpose, and discovered the         
most splendid apartments that can be imagined. There I saw the Empress      
and the young Princes, in their several lodgings, with their chief          
attendants about them. Her Imperial Majesty was pleased to smile            
very graciously upon me, and gave me out of the window her hand to          
kiss.                                                                       
  But I shall not anticipate the reader with farther descriptions of        
this kind, because I reserve them for a greater work, which is now          
almost ready for the press, containing a general description of this        
empire, from its first erection, through a long series of princes,          
with a particular account of their wars and politics, laws,                 
learning, and religion: their plants and animals, their peculiar            
manners and customs, with other matters very curious and useful; my         
chief design at present being only to relate such events and                
transactions as happened to the public, or to myself, during a              
residence of about nine months in that empire.                              
  One morning, about a fortnight after I had obtained my liberty,           
Reldresal, principal Secretary (as they style him) of Private Affairs,      
came to my house attended only by one servant. He ordered his coach to      
wait at a distance, and desired I would give him an hour's audience;        
which I readily consented to, on account of his quality and personal        
merits, as well as the many good offices he had done me during my           
solicitations at court. I offered to lie down, that he might the            
more conveniently reach my ear; but he chose rather to let me hold him      
in my hand during our conversation. He began with compliments on my         
liberty; said he might pretend to some merit in it: but, however,           
added, that if it had not been for the present situation of things          
at court, perhaps I might not have obtained it so soon. For, said           
he, as flourishing a condition as we may appear to be in to                 
foreigners, we labor under two mighty evils; a violent faction at           
home, and the danger of an invasion by a most potent enemy from             
abroad. As to the first, you are to understand, that for above seventy      
moons past there have been two struggling parties in this empire,           
under the names of Tramecksan and Slamecksan, from the high and low         
heels on their shoes, by which they distinguish themselves. It is           
alleged indeed, that the high heels are most agreeable to our               
ancient constitution: but however this be, his Majesty has                  
determined to make use of only low heels in the administration of           
the government, and all offices in the gift of the Crown, as you            
cannot but observe; and particularly, that his Majesty's Imperial           
heels are lower at least by a drurr than any of his court; (drurr is a      
measure about the fourteenth part of an inch). The animosities between      
these two parties run so high, that they will neither eat nor drink,        
nor talk with each other. We compute the Tramecksan, or High-Heels, to      
exceed us in number; but the power is wholly on our side. We apprehend      
his Imperial Highness, the Heir to the Crown, to have some tendency         
towards the High-Heels; at least we can plainly discover one of his         
heels higher than the other, which gives him a hobble in his gait.          
Now, in the midst of these intestine disquiets, we are threatened with      
an invasion from the Island of Blefuscu, which is the other great           
empire of the universe, almost as large and powerful as this of his         
Majesty. For as to what we have heard you affirm, that there are other      
kingdoms and states in the world inhabited by human creatures as large      
as yourself, our philosophers are in much doubt, and would rather           
conjecture that you dropped from the moon, or one of the stars;             
because it is certain, that a hundred mortals of your bulk would, in a      
short time, destroy all the fruits and cattle of his Majesty's              
dominions. Besides, our histories of six thousand moons make no             
mention of any other regions, than the two great empires of Lilliput        
and Blefuscu. Which two mighty powers have, as I was going to tell          
you, been engaged in a most obstinate war for six and thirty moons          
past. It began upon the following occasion. It is allowed on all            
hands, that the primitive way of breaking eggs, before we eat them,         
was upon the larger end: but his present Majesty's grandfather,             
while he was a boy, going to eat an egg, and breaking it according          
to the ancient practice, happened to cut one of his fingers. Whereupon      
the Emperor his father published an edict, commanding all his               
subjects, upon great penalties, to break the smaller end of their           
eggs. The people so highly resented this law, that our histories            
tell us there have been six rebellions raised on that account; wherein      
one Emperor lost his life, and another his crown. These civil               
commotions were constantly fomented by the monarchs of Blefuscu; and        
when they were quelled, the exiles always fled for refuge to that           
empire. It is computed, that eleven thousand persons have, at               
several times, suffered death, rather than submit to break their            
eggs at the smaller end. Many hundred large volumes have been               
published upon this controversy: but the books of the Big-Endians have      
been long forbidden, and the whole party rendered incapable by law          
of holding employments. During the course of these troubles, the            
Emperors of Blefuscu did frequently expostulate by their                    
ambassadors, accusing us of making a schism in religion, by                 
offending against a fundamental doctrine of our great prophet Lustrog,      
in the fifty-fourth chapter of the Blundecral (which is their however,      
is thought to be a mere strain upon the text: for the words are these;      
That all true believers shall break their eggs at the convenient            
end: and which is the convenient end, seems, in my humble opinion,          
to be left to every man's conscience, or at least in the power of           
the chief magistrate to determine. Now the Big-Endian exiles have           
found so much credit in the Emperor of Blefuscu's court, and so much        
private assistance and encouragement from their party here at home,         
that a bloody war has been carried on between the two empires for           
six and thirty moons with various success; during which time we have        
lost forty capital ships, and a much greater number of smaller              
vessels, together with thirty thousand of our best seamen and               
soldiers; and the damage received by the enemy is reckoned to be            
somewhat greater than ours. However, they have now equipped a numerous      
fleet, and are just preparing to make a descent upon us; and his            
Imperial Majesty, placing great confidence in your valor and strength,      
has commanded me to lay this account of his affairs before you.             
  I desired the Secretary to present my humble duty to the Emperor,         
and to let him know, that I thought it would not become me, who was         
a foreigner, to interfere with parties; but I was ready, with the           
hazard of my life, to defend his person and state against all               
invaders.                                                                   
                                                                            
P_1|CH_5                                                                    
  CHAPTER V                                                                 
-                                                                           
  The Empire of Blefuscu is an island situated to the                       
north-northeast side of Lilliput, from whence it is parted only by a        
channel of eight hundred yards wide. I had not yet seen it, and upon        
this notice of an intended invasion, I avoided appearing on that            
side of the coast, for fear of being discovered by some of the enemy's      
ships, who had received no intelligence of me, all intercourse between      
the two empires having been strictly forbidden during the war, upon         
pain of death, and an embargo laid by our Emperor upon all vessels          
whatsoever. I communicated to his Majesty a project I had formed of         
seizing the enemy's whole fleet: which, as our scouts assured us,           
lay at anchor in the harbor ready to sail with the first fair wind.         
I consulted the most experienced seamen, upon the depth of the              
channel, which they had often plumbed, who told me, that in the middle      
at high-water it was seventy glumgluffs deep, which is about six            
feet of European measure; and the rest of it fifty glumgluffs at most.      
I walked towards the northeast coast over against Blefuscu; and             
lying down behind a hillock, took out my small pocket perspective           
glass, and viewed the enemy's fleet at anchor, consisting of about          
fifty men of war, and a great number of transports; I then came back        
to my house, and gave order (for which I had a warrant) for a great         
quantity of the strongest cable and bars of iron. The cable was             
about as thick as packthread, and the bars of the length and size of a      
knitting needle. I trebled the cable to make it stronger, and for           
the same reason I twisted three of the iron bars together, binding the      
extremities into a hook. Having thus fixed fifty hooks to as many           
cables, I went back to the northeast coast, and putting off my coat,        
shoes, and stockings, walked into the sea in my leather jerkin,             
about half an hour before high water. I waded with what haste I could,      
and swam in the middle about thirty yards till I felt ground; I             
arrived at the fleet in less than half an hour. The enemy was so            
frighted when they saw me, that they leaped out of their ships, and         
swam to shore, where there could not be fewer than thirty thousand          
souls. I then took my tackling, and fastening a hook to a hole at           
the prow of each, I tied all the cords together at the end. While I         
was thus employed, the enemy discharged several thousand arrows,            
many of which stuck in my hands and face; and besides the excessive         
smart, gave me much disturbance in my work. My greatest apprehension        
was for my eyes, which I should have infallibly lost, if I had not          
suddenly thought of an expedient. I kept among other little                 
necessaries a pair of spectacles in a private pocket, which, as I           
observed before, had escaped the Emperor's searchers. These I took out      
and fastened as strongly as I could upon my nose, and thus armed            
went on boldly with my work in spite of the enemy's arrows, many of         
which struck against the glasses of my spectacles, but without any          
other effect, further than a little to discompose them. I now fastened      
all the hooks, and taking the knot in my hand, began to pull; but           
not a ship would stir, for they were all too fast held by their             
anchors, so that the boldest part of my enterprise remained. I              
therefore let go the cord, and leaving the hooks fixed to the ships, I      
resolutely cut with my knife the cables that fastened the anchors,          
receiving above two hundred shots in my face and hands; then I took up      
the knotted end of the cables to which my hooks were tied, and with         
great ease drew fifty of the enemy's men-of-war after me.                   
  The Blefuscudians, who had not the least imagination of what I            
intended, were at first confounded with astonishment. They had seen me      
cut the cables, and thought my design was only to let the ships run         
adrift or fall foul on each other: but when they perceived the whole        
fleet moving in order, and saw me pulling at the end, they set up such      
a scream of grief and despair, that it is almost impossible to              
describe or conceive. When I had got out of danger, I stopped awhile        
to pick out the arrows that stuck in my hands and face, and rubbed          
on some of the same ointment that was given me at my first arrival, as      
I have formerly mentioned. I then took off my spectacles, and               
waiting about an hour, till the tide was a little fallen, I waded           
through the middle with my cargo, and arrived safe at the royal port        
of Lilliput                                                                 
  The Emperor and his whole court stood on the shore expecting the          
issue of this great adventure. They saw the ships move forward in a         
large half-moon, but could not discern me, who was up to my breast          
in water. When I advanced to the middle of the channel, they were           
yet in more pain, because I was under water to my neck. The Emperor         
concluded me to be drowned, and that the enemy's fleet was approaching      
in a hostile manner: but he was soon eased of his fears, for the            
channel growing shallower every step I made, I came in a short time         
within hearing, and holding up the end of the cable by which the fleet      
was fastened, I cried in a loud voice, Long live the most puissant          
Emperor of Lilliput! This great prince received me at my landing            
with all possible encomiums, and created me a Nardac upon the spot,         
which is the highest title of honor among them.                             
  His Majesty desired I would take some other opportunity of                
bringing all the rest of his enemy's ships into his ports. And so           
unmeasurable is the ambition of princes, that he seemed to think of         
nothing less than reducing the whole empire of Blefuscu into a              
province, and governing it by a Viceroy; of destroying the                  
Big-Endian exiles, and compelling that people to break the smaller end      
of their eggs, by which he would remain the sole monarch of the             
whole world. But I endeavored to divert him from this design, by            
many arguments drawn from the topics of policy as well as justice; and      
I plainly protested, that I would never be an instrument of bringing a      
free and brave people into slavery. And when the matter was debated in      
council, the wisest part of the ministry were of my opinion.                
  This open bold declaration of mine was so opposite to the schemes         
and politics of his Imperial Majesty, that he could never forgive           
it; he mentioned it in a very artful manner at council, where I was         
told that some of the wisest appeared, at least by their silence, to        
be of my opinion; but others, who were my secret enemies, could not         
forbear some expressions, which by a side-wind reflected on me. And         
from this time began an intrigue between his Majesty and a junto of         
ministers maliciously bent against me, which broke out in less than         
two months, and had like to have ended in my utter destruction. Of          
so little weight are the greatest services to princes, when put into        
the balance with a refusal to gratify their passions.                       
                                                     {P_1|CH_5 ^paragraph 5}
  About three weeks after this exploit, there arrived a solemn embassy      
from Blefuscu, with humble offers of a peace; which was soon concluded      
upon conditions very advantageous to our Emperor, wherewith I shall         
not trouble the reader. There were six ambassadors, with a train of         
about five hundred persons, and their entry was very magnificent,           
suitable to the grandeur of their master, and the importance of             
their business. When their treaty was finished, wherein I did them          
several good offices by the credit I now had, or at least appeared          
to have at court, their Excellencies, who were privately told how much      
I had been their friend, made me a visit in form. They began with many      
compliments upon my valor and generosity, invited me to that kingdom        
in the Emperor their master's name, and desired me to show them some        
proofs of my prodigious strength, of which they had heard so many           
wonders; wherein I readily obliged them, but shall not trouble the          
reader with the particulars.                                                
  When I had for some time entertained their Excellencies, to their         
infinite satisfaction and surprise, I desired they would do me the          
honor to present my most humble respects to the Emperor their               
master, the renown of whose had so justly filled the whole world            
with admiration, and whose royal person I resolved to attend before         
I returned to my own country: accordingly, the next time I had the          
honor to see our Emperor, I desired his general license to wait on the      
Blefuscudian monarch, which he was pleased to grant me, as I could          
plainly perceive, in a very cold manner; but could not guess the            
reason, till I had a whisper from a certain person, that Flimnap and        
Bolgolam had represented my intercourse with those ambassadors as a         
mark of disaffection, from which I am sure my heart was wholly free.        
And this was the first time I began to conceive some imperfect idea of      
courts and ministers.                                                       
  It is to be observed, that these ambassadors spoke to me by an            
interpreter, the languages of both empires differing as much from each      
other as any two in Europe, and each nation priding itself upon the         
antiquity, beauty, and energy of their own tongues, with an avowed          
contempt for that of their neighbor; yet our Emperor, standing upon         
the advantage he had got by the seizure of their fleet, obliged them        
to deliver their credentials, and make their speech in the Lilliputian      
tongue. And it must be confessed, that from the great intercourse of        
trade and commerce between both realms, from the continual reception        
of exiles, which is mutual among them, and from the custom in each          
empire to send their young nobility and richer gentry to the other, in      
order to polish themselves by seeing the world and understanding men        
and manners; there are few persons of distinction, or merchants, or         
seamen, who dwell in the maritime parts, but what can hold                  
conversation both tongues; as I found some weeks after, when I went to      
pay my respects to the Emperor of Blefuscu, which in the midst of           
great misfortunes, through the malice of my enemies, proved a very          
happy adventure to me, as I shall relate in its proper place.               
  The reader may remember, that when I signed those articles upon           
which I recovered my liberty, there were some which I disliked upon         
account of their being too servile, neither could anything but an           
extreme necessity have forced me to submit. But being now a Nardac, of      
the highest rank in that empire, such offices were looked upon as           
below my dignity, and the Emperor (to do him justice) never once            
mentioned them to me. However, it was not long before I had an              
opportunity of doing his Majesty, at least, as I then thought, a            
most signal service. I was alarmed at midnight with the cries of            
many hundred people at my door; by which being suddenly awaked, I           
was in some kind of terror. I heard the word burglum repeated               
incessantly: several of the Emperor's court, making their way               
through the crowd, entreated me to come immediately to the Palace,          
where her Imperial Majesty's apartment was on fire, by the                  
carelessness of a maid of honor, who fell asleep while she was reading      
a romance. I got up in an instant; and orders being given to clear the      
way before me, and it being likewise a moonshine night, I made a shift      
to get to the Palace without trampling on any of the people. I found        
they had already applied ladders to the walls of the apartment, and         
were well provided with buckets, but the water was at some distance.        
These buckets were about the size of a large thimble, and the poor          
people supplied me with them as fast as they could; but the flame           
was so violent that they did little good. I might easily have               
stifled it with my coat, which I unfortunately left behind me for           
haste, and came away only in my leathern jerkin. The case seemed            
wholly desperate and deplorable; and this magnificent palace would          
have infallibly been burned down to the ground, if, by a presence of        
mind, unusual to me, I had not suddenly thought of an expedient. I had      
the evening before drunk plentifully of a most delicious wine,              
called glimigrim (the Blefuscudians call it flunec, but ours is             
esteemed the better sort), which is very diuretic. By the luckiest          
chance in the world, I had not discharged myself of any part of it.         
The heat I had contracted by coming very near the flames, and by            
laboring to quench them, made the wine begin to operate my urine;           
which I voided in such a quantity, and applied so well to the proper        
places, that in three minutes the fire was wholly extinguished, and         
the rest of that noble pile, which had cost so many ages in                 
erecting, preserved from destruction.                                       
  It was now daylight, and I returned to my house without waiting to        
congratulate with the Emperor: because, although I had done a very          
eminent piece of service, yet I could not tell how his Majesty might        
resent the manner by which I had performed it: for, by the fundamental      
laws of the realm, it is capital in any person, of what quality             
soever, to make water within the precincts of the palace. But I was         
a little comforted by a message from his Majesty, that he would give        
orders to the Grand Justiciary for passing my pardon in form; which,        
however, I could not obtain. And I was privately assured, that the          
Empress, conceiving the greatest abhorrence of what I had done,             
removed to the most distant side of the court, firmly resolved that         
those buildings should never be repaired for her use: and, in the           
presence of her chief confidants could not forbear vowing revenge.          
                                                                            
P_1|CH_6                                                                    
  CHAPTER VI                                                                
-                                                                           
  Although I intend to leave the description of this empire to a            
particular treatise, yet in the meantime I am content to gratify the        
curious reader with some general ideas. As the common size of the           
natives is somewhat under six inches high, so there is an exact             
proportion in all other animals, as well as plants and trees: for           
instance, the tallest horses and oxen are between four and five inches      
in height, the sheep an inch and a half, more or less: their geese          
about the bigness of a sparrow, and so the several gradations               
downwards till you come to the smallest, which, to my sight, were           
almost invisible; but nature had adapted the eyes of the                    
Lilliputians to all objects proper for their view: they see with great      
exactness, but at no great distance. And to show the sharpness of           
their sight towards objects that are near, I have been much pleased         
with observing a cook pulling a lark, which was not so large as a           
common fly; and a young girl threading an invisible needle with             
invisible silk. Their tallest trees are about seven feet high; I            
mean some of those in the great royal park, the tops whereof I could        
but just reach with my fist clenched. The other vegetables are in           
the same proportion; but this I leave to the reader's imagination.          
  I shall say but little at present of their learning, which for            
many ages had flourished in all its branches among them; but their          
manner of writing is very peculiar, being neither from the left to the      
right, like the Europeans; nor from the right to the left, like the         
Arabians; nor from up to down, like the Chinese; nor from down to           
up, like the Cascagians; but aslant from one corner of the paper to         
the other, like ladies in England.                                          
  They bury their dead with their heads directly downwards, because         
they hold an opinion, that in eleven thousand moons they are all to         
rise again, in which period the earth (which they conceive to be flat)      
will turn upside down, and by this means they shall, at their               
resurrection, be found ready standing on their feet. The learned among      
them confess the absurdity of this doctrine, but the practice still         
continues, in compliance to the vulgar.                                     
  There are some laws and customs in this empire very peculiar; and if      
they were not so directly contrary to those of my own dear country,         
I should be tempted to say a little in their justification. It is only      
to be wished that they were as well executed. The first I shall             
mention relates to informers. All crimes against the state are              
punished here with the utmost severity; but if the person accused           
makes his innocence plainly to appear upon his trial, the accuser is        
immediately put to an ignominious death; and out of his goods or            
lands, the innocent person is quadruply recompensed for the loss of         
his time, for the danger he underwent, for the hardship of his              
imprisonment, and for all the charges he had been at in making his          
defense. Or, if that fund be deficient, it is largely supplied by           
the Crown. The Emperor does also confer on him some public mark of his      
favor, and proclamation is made of his innocence through the whole          
city.                                                                       
  They look upon fraud as a greater crime than theft, and therefore         
seldom fail to punish it with death; for they allege, that care and         
vigilance, with a very common understanding, may preserve a man's           
goods from thieves, but honesty has no fence against superior cunning;      
and since it is necessary that there should be a perpetual intercourse      
of buying and selling, and dealing upon credit, where fraud is              
permitted and connived at, or has no law to punish it, the honest           
dealer is always undone, and the knave gets the advantage. remember         
when I was once interceding with the King for a criminal who had            
wronged his master of a great sum of money, which he had received by        
order, and ran away with; and happening to tell his Majesty, by way of      
extenuation, that it was only a breach of trust; the Emperor thought        
it monstrous in me to offer, as a defense, the greatest aggravation of      
the crime: and truly I had little to say in return, farther than the        
common answer, that different nations had different customs; for, I         
confess, I was heartily ashamed.                                            
                                                     {P_1|CH_6 ^paragraph 5}
  Although we usually call reward and punishment the two hinges upon        
which all government turns, yet I could never observe this maxim to be      
put in practice by any nation except that of Lilliput. Whoever can          
there bring sufficient proof that he has strictly observed the laws of      
his country for seventy-three moons, has a claim to certain                 
privileges, according to his quality and condition of life, with a          
proportionable sum of money out of a fund appropriated for that use:        
he likewise acquires the title of Snilpall, or Legal, which is added        
to his name, but does not descend to his posterity. And these people        
thought it a prodigious defect of policy among us, when I told them         
that our laws were enforced only by penalties without any mention of        
reward. It is upon this account that the image of justice, in their         
courts of judicature, is formed with six eyes, two before, as many          
behind, and on each side one, to signify circumspection; with a bag of      
gold open in her right hand, and a sword sheathed in her left, to show      
she is more disposed to reward than to punish.                              
  In choosing persons for all employments, they have more regard to         
good morals than to great abilities; for, since government is               
necessary to mankind, they believe-that the common size of human            
understandings is fitted to some station or other, and that Providence      
never intended to make the management of public affairs a mystery,          
to be comprehended only by a few persons of sublime genius, of which        
there seldom are three born in an age: but they suppose truth,              
justice, temperance, and the like, to be in every man's power; the          
practice of which virtues, assisted by experience and a good                
intention, would qualify any man for the service of his country,            
except where a course of study is required. But they thought the            
want of moral virtues was so far from being supplied by superior            
endowments of the mind, that employments could never be put into            
such dangerous hands as those of persons so qualified; and at least,        
that the mistakes committed by ignorance in a virtuous disposition,         
would never be of such fatal consequence to the public weal, as the         
practices of a man whose inclinations led him to be corrupt, and had        
great abilities to manage, and multiply, and defend his corruptions.        
  In like manner, the disbelief of a Divine Providence renders a man        
incapable of holding any public station; for, since kings avow              
themselves to be the deputies of Providence, the Lilliputians think         
nothing can be more absurd than for a prince to employ such men as          
disown the authority under which he acts.                                   
  In relating these and the following laws, I would only be understood      
to mean the original institutions, and not the most scandalous              
corruptions into which these people are fallen by the degenerate            
nature of man. For as to that infamous practice of acquiring great          
employments by dancing on the ropes, or badges of favor and                 
distinction by leaping over sticks and creeping under them, the reader      
is to observe, that they were first introduced by the grandfather of        
the Emperor now reigning, and grew to the present height by the             
gradual increase of party and faction.                                      
   Ingratitude is among them a capital crime, as we read it to have         
been in some other countries; for they reason thus, that whoever makes      
ill returns to his benefactor, must needs be a common enemy to the          
rest of mankind, from whom he has received no obligation, and               
therefore such a man is not fit to live.                                    
                                                    {P_1|CH_6 ^paragraph 10}
  Their notions relating to the duties of parents and children              
differ extremely from ours. For since the conjunction of male and           
female is founded upon the great law of nature, in order to                 
propagate and continue the species, the Lilliputians will needs have        
it, that men and women are joined together like other animals, by           
the motives of concupiscence; and that their tenderness towards             
their young proceeds from the like natural principle: for which reason      
they will never allow, that a child is under any obligation to his          
father for begetting him, or his mother for bringing him into the           
world; which, considering the miseries of human life, was neither a         
benefit itself, nor intended so by his parents, whose thoughts in           
their love-encounters were otherwise employed. Upon these, and the          
like reasonings, their opinion is, that parents are the last of all         
others to be trusted with the education of their own children: and          
therefore they have in every town public nurseries, where all parents,      
except cottagers and laborers, are obliged to send their infants of         
both sexes to be reared and educated when they come to the age of           
twenty moons, at which time they are supposed to have some rudiments        
of docility. These schools are of several kinds, suited to different        
qualities, and to both sexes. They have certain professors well             
skilled in preparing children for such a condition of life as befits        
the rank of their parents, and their own capacities as well as              
inclinations. I shall say something of the male nurseries, and then of      
the female.                                                                 
  The nurseries for males of noble or eminent birth are provided            
with grave and learned professors, and their several deputies. The          
clothes and food of the children are plain and simple. They are bred        
up in the principles of honor, justice, courage, modesty, clemency,         
religion, and love of their country; they are always employed in            
some business, except in the times of eating and sleeping, which are        
very short, and two hours for diversions, consisting of bodily              
exercises. They are dressed by men till four years of age, and then         
are obliged to dress themselves, although their quality be ever so          
great; and the women attendants, who are aged proportionably to ours        
at fifty, perform only the most menial offices. They are never              
suffered to converse with servants, but go together in small or             
greater numbers to take their diversions, and always in the presence        
of a professor, or one of his deputies; whereby they avoid those early      
bad impressions of folly and vice to which our children are subject.        
Their parents are suffered to see them only twice a year; the visit is      
to last but an hour. They are allowed to kiss the child at meeting and      
parting; but a professor, who always stands by on those occasions,          
will not suffer them to whisper, or use any fondling expressions, or        
bring any presents of toys, sweetmeats, and the like.                       
  The pension from each family for the education and entertainment          
of a child, upon failure of due payment, is levied by the Emperor's         
officers.                                                                   
  The nurseries for children of ordinary gentlemen, merchants,              
traders, and handicrafts, are managed proportionably after the same         
manner; only those designed for trades are put out apprentices at           
eleven years old, whereas those of persons of quality continue in           
their exercises till fifteen, which answers to one and twenty with us:      
but the confinement is gradually lessened for the last three years.         
  In the female nurseries, the young girls of quality are educated          
much like the males, only they are dressed by orderly servants of           
their own sex; but always in the presence of a professor or deputy,         
till they come to dress themselves, which is at five years old. And if      
it be found that these nurses ever presume to entertain the girls with      
frightful or foolish stories, or the common follies practiced by            
chambermaids among us, they are publicly whipped thrice about the           
city, imprisoned for a year and banished for life to the most desolate      
part of the country. Thus the young ladies there are as much ashamed        
of being cowards and fools as the men, and despise all personal             
ornaments beyond decency and cleanliness: neither did I perceive any        
difference in their education, made by their difference of sex, only        
that the exercises of the females were not altogether so robust; and        
that some rules were given them relating to domestic life, and a            
smaller compass of learning was enjoined them: for their maxim is,          
that among people of quality a wife should be always a reasonable           
and agreeable companion, because she cannot always be young. When           
the girls are twelve years old, which among them is the marriageable        
age, their parents or guardians take them home, with great expressions      
of gratitude to the professors, and seldom without tears of the             
young lady and her companions.                                              
                                                    {P_1|CH_6 ^paragraph 15}
  In the nurseries of females of the meaner sort, the children are          
instructed in all kinds of works proper for their sex, and their            
several degrees: those intended for apprentices are dismissed at            
nine years old, the rest are to thirteen.                                   
  The meaner families who have children at these nurseries, are             
obliged, besides their annual pension, which is as low as possible, to      
return to the steward of the nursery a small monthly share of their         
gettings, to be a portion for the child; and therefore all parents are      
limited in their expenses by the law. For the Lilliputians think            
nothing can be more unjust, than for people, in subservience to             
their own appetites, to bring children into the world and leave the         
burden of supporting them on the public. As to persons of quality,          
they give security to appropriate a certain sum for each child,             
suitable to their condition; and these funds are always managed with        
good husbandry, and the most exact justice.                                 
  The cottagers and laborers keep their children at home, their             
business being only to till and cultivate the earth, and therefore          
their education is of little consequence to the public; but the old         
and discased among them are supported by hospitals: for begging is a        
trade unknown in this kingdom.                                              
  And here it may perhaps divert the curious reader to give some            
account of my domestics, and my manner of living in this country,           
during a residence of nine months and thirteen days. Having a head          
mechanically turned, and being likewise forced by necessity, I had          
made for myself a table and chair convenient enough, out of the             
largest trees in the royal park. Two hundred seamstresses were              
employed to make me shirts, and linen for my bed and table, all of the      
strongest and coarsest kind they could get; which, however, they            
were forced to quilt together in several folds, for the thickest was        
some degrees finer than lawn. Their linen is usually three inches           
wide, and three feet make a piece. The seamstresses took my measure as      
I lay on the ground, one standing at my neck, and another at my             
mid-leg, with a strong cord extended, that each held by the end, while      
the third measured the length of the cord with a rule an inch long.         
Then they measured my right thumb, and desired no more; for by a            
mathematical computation, that twice round the thumb is once round the      
wrist, and so on to the neck and the waist, and by the help of my           
old shirt, which I displayed on the ground before them for a                
pattern, they fitted me exactly. Three hundred tailors were employed        
in the same manner to make me clothes; but they had another                 
contrivance for taking my measure. I kneeled down, and they raised a        
ladder from the ground to my neck; upon this ladder one of them             
mounted, and let fall a plumb-line from my collar to the floor,             
which just answered the length of my coat; but my waist and arms I          
measured myself. When my clothes finished, which was done in my             
house (for the largest of theirs would not have been able to hold           
them) they looked like the patch-work made by the ladies in England,        
only that mine were all of a color.                                         
  I had three hundred cooks to dress my victuals, in little convenient      
huts built about my house, where they and their families lived, and         
prepared me two dishes apiece. I took up twenty waiters in my hand,         
and placed them on the table; a hundred more attended below on the          
ground, some with dishes of meat, and some with barrels of wine, and        
other liquors, slung on their shoulders; all which the waiters above        
drew up as I wanted, in a very ingenious manner, by certain cords,          
as we draw the bucket up a well in Europe. A dish of their meat was         
a good mouthful, and a barrel of their liquor a reasonable draught.         
Their mutton yields to ours, but their beef is excellent. I have had a      
sirloin so large, that I have been forced to make three bits of it;         
but this is rare. My servants were astonished to see me eat it bones        
and all, as in our country we do the leg of a lark. Their geese and         
turkeys I usually ate at a mouthful, and I must confess they far            
exceed ours. Of their smaller fowl I could take up twenty or thirty at      
the end of my knife.                                                        
                                                    {P_1|CH_6 ^paragraph 20}
  One day his Imperial Majesty, being informed of my way of living,         
desired that himself and his Royal Consort, with the young Princes          
of the blood of both sexes, might have the happiness (as he was             
pleased to call it) of dining with me. They came accordingly, and I         
placed them upon chairs of state on my table, just over against me,         
with their guards about them. Flimnap, the Lord High Treasurer,             
attended there likewise with his white staff; and I observed he             
often looked on me with a sour countenance, which I would not seem          
to regard, but ate more than usual, in honor to my dear country, as         
well as to fill the court with admiration. I have some private reasons      
to believe, that this visit from his Majesty gave Flimnap an                
opportunity of doing me ill offices to his master. That minister had        
always been my secret enemy, though he outwardly caressed me more than      
was usual to the moroseness of his nature. He represented to the            
Emperor the low condition of his treasury; that he was forced to            
take up money at great discount; that exchequer bills would not             
circulate under nine per cent below par; that in short I had cost           
his Majesty above a million and a half of sprugs (their greatest            
gold coin, about the bigness of a spangle) and upon the whole, that it      
would be advisable in the Emperor to take the first fair occasion of        
dismissing me.                                                              
  I am here obliged to vindicate the reputation of an excellent             
lady, who was an innocent sufferer upon my account. The Treasurer took      
a fancy to be jealous of his wife, from the malice of some evil             
tongues, who informed him that her Grace had taken a violent affection      
for my person; and the court-scandal ran for some time, that she            
once came privately to my lodging. This I solemnly declare to be a          
most infamous falsehood, without any grounds, farther than that her         
Grace was pleased to treat me with all innocent marks of freedom and        
friendship. I own she came often to my house, but always publicly, nor      
ever without three more in the coach, who were usually her sister           
and young daughter, and some particular acquaintance; but this was          
common to many other ladies of the court. And I still appeal to my          
servants round, whether they at any time saw a coach at my door             
without knowing what persons were in it. On those occasions, when a         
servant had given me notice, my custom was to go immediately to the         
door; and, after paying my respects, to take up the coach and two           
horses very carefully in my hands (for if there were six horses, the        
postillion always unharnessed four) and place them on a table, where I      
had fixed a moveable rim quite round, of five inches high, to               
prevent accidents. And I have often had four coaches and horses at          
once on my table full of company, while I sat in my chair leaning my        
face towards them; and when I was engaged with one set, the coachmen        
would gently drive the others round my table. I have passed many an         
afternoon very agreeably in these conversations. But I defy the             
Treasurer, or his two informers (I will name them, and let them make        
their best of it) Clustril and Drunlo, to prove that any person ever        
came to me incognito, except the secretary Reldresal, who was sent          
by express command of his Imperial Majesty, as I have before                
related. I should not have dwelt so long upon this particular, it           
had not been a point wherein the reputation of a great lady is so           
nearly concerned, to say nothing of my own; though I then had the           
honor to be a Nardac, which the Treasurer himself is not; for all           
the world knows he is only a Glumglum, a title inferior by one degree,      
as that of a Marquis is to a Duke in England, although I allow he           
preceded me in right of his post. These false informations, which I         
afterwards came to the knowledge of, by an accident not proper to           
mention, made Flimnap the Treasurer show his lady for some time an ill      
countenance, and me a worse; and although he were at last undeceived        
and reconciled to her, yet I lost all credit with him, and found my         
interest decline very fast with the Emperor himself, who was indeed         
too much governed by that favorite.                                         
                                                                            
P_1|CH_7                                                                    
  CHAPTER VII                                                               
-                                                                           
  Before I proceed to give an account of my leaving this kingdom, it        
may be proper to inform the reader of a private intrigue which had          
been for two months forming against me.                                     
  I had been hitherto all my life a stranger to courts, for which I         
was unqualified by the meanness of my condition. I had indeed heard         
and read enough of the dispositions of great princes and ministers;         
but never expected to have found such terrible effects of them in so        
remote a country, governed, as I thought, by very different maxims          
from those in Europe.                                                       
  When I was just preparing to pay my attendance on the Emperor of          
Blefuscu, a considerable person at court (to whom I had been very           
serviceable at a time when he lay under the highest displeasure of his      
Imperial Majesty) came to my house very privately at night in a             
close chair, and without sending his name, desired admittance. The          
chairmen were dismissed; I put the chair, with his Lordship in it,          
into my coat-pocket: and giving orders to a trusty servant to say I         
was indisposed and gone to sleep, I fastened the door of my house,          
placed the chair on the table, according to my usual custom, and sat        
down by it. After the common salutations were over, observing his           
Lordship's countenance full of concern, and enquiring into the reason,      
he desired I would hear him with patience in a matter that highly           
concerned my honor and my life. His speech was to the following             
effect, for I took notes of it as soon as he left me.                       
  You are to know, said he, that several Committees of Council have         
been lately called in the most private manner on your account; and          
it is but two days since his Majesty came to a full resolution.             
  You are very sensible that Skyresh Bolgolam (Galbet, or High              
Admiral) has been your mortal enemy almost ever since your arrival.         
His original reasons I know not, but his hatred is much increased           
since your great success against Blefuscu, by which his glory as            
Admiral is obscured. This Lord, in conjunction with Flimnap the High        
Treasurer, whose enmity against you is notorious on account of his          
lady, Limtoc the General, Lalcon the Chamberlain, and Balmuff the           
Grand Justiciary, have prepared articles of impeachment against you,        
for treason, and other capital crimes.                                      
                                                     {P_1|CH_7 ^paragraph 5}
  This preface made me so impatient, being conscious of my own              
merits and innocence, that I was going to interrupt; when he entreated      
me to be silent, and thus proceeded.                                        
  Out of gratitude for the favors you have done me, I procured              
information of the whole proceedings, and a copy of the articles,           
wherein I venture my head for your service.                                 
-                                                                           
          Articles of Impeachment against Quinbus Flestrin                  
                        (the Man-Mountain)                                  
                                                    {P_1|CH_7 ^paragraph 10}
-                                                                           
