because they concluded me certainly dead; but I must freely confess         
the sight of them filled me only with hatred, disgust, and contempt,        
and the more by reflecting on the near alliance I had to them. For          
although since my unfortunate exile from the Houyhnhnm country, I           
had compelled myself to tolerate the sight of Yahoos, and to                
converse with Don Pedro de Mendez, yet my memory and imagination            
were perpetually filled with the virtues and ideas of those exalted         
Houyhnhnms. And when I began to consider that by copulating with one        
of the Yahoo species I had become a parent of more, it struck me            
with the utmost shame, confusion, and horror.                               
  As soon as I entered the house, my wife took me in her arms and           
kissed me, at which, having not been used to the touch of that              
odious animal for so many years, I fell in a swoon for almost an hour.      
At the time I am writing it is five years since my last return to           
England: during the first year I could not endure my wife or                
children in my presence, the very smell of them was intolerable,            
much less could I suffer them to eat in the same room. To this hour         
they dare not presume to touch my bread, or drink out of the same cup,      
neither was I ever able to let one of them take me by the hand. The         
first money I laid out was to buy two young stone-horses, which I keep      
in a good stable, and next to them the groom is my greatest                 
favorite; for I feel my spirits revived by the smell he contracts in        
the stable. My horses understand me tolerably well; I converse with         
them at least four hours every day. They are strangers to bridle or         
saddle; they live in great amity with me, and friendship to each            
other.                                                                      
                                                                            
P_4|CH_12                                                                   
  CHAPTER XII                                                               
-                                                                           
  Thus, gentle reader, I have given thee faithful history of my             
travels for sixteen years and above seven months; wherein I have not        
been so studious of ornament as truth. I could perhaps like others          
have astonished you with strange improbable tales; but I rather             
chose to relate plain matter of fact in the simplest manner and style;      
because my principal design was to inform, and not to amuse you.            
  It is easy for us who travel into remote countries, which are seldom      
visited by Englishmen or other Europeans, to form descriptions of           
wonderful animals both at sea and land. Whereas a traveler's chief aim      
should be to make men wiser and better, and to improve their minds          
by the bad as well as good example of what they deliver concerning          
foreign places.                                                             
  I could heartily wish a law was enacted, that every traveler, before      
he were permitted to publish his voyages, should be obliged to make         
oath before the Lord High Chancellor that all he intended to print was      
absolutely true to the best of his knowledge; for then the world would      
no longer be deceived as it usually is, while some writers, to make         
their works pass the better upon the public, impose the grossest            
falsities on the unwary reader. I have perused several books of             
travels with great delight in my younger days; but having since gone        
over most parts of the globe, and been able to contradict many              
fabulous accounts from my own observation, it has given me a great          
disgust against this part of reading, and some indignation to see           
the credulity of mankind so impudently abused. Therefore since my           
acquaintances were pleased to think my poor endeavors might not be          
unacceptable to my country, I imposed on myself as a maxim, never to        
be swerved from, that I would strictly adhere to truth; neither indeed      
can I be ever under the least temptation to vary from it, while I           
retain in my mind the lectures and example of my noble master, and the      
other illustrious Houyhnhnms, of whom I had so long the honor to be         
a humble bearer.                                                            
-                                                                           
      ---Nec si miserum Fortuna Sinonem                                     
                                                    {P_4|CH_12 ^paragraph 5}
      Finxit, vanum etiam, mendacemque improba finget.                      
-                                                                           
  I know very well how little reputation is to be gotten by writings        
which require neither genius nor learning, nor indeed any other             
talent, except a good memory or an exact journal. I know likewise that      
writers of travels, like dictionary-makers, are sunk into oblivion          
by the weight and bulk of those who come after, and therefore lie           
uppermost. And it is highly probable that such travelers who shall          
hereafter visit the countries described in this work of mine, may,          
by detecting my errors (if there be any), and adding many new               
discoveries of their own, jostle me out of vogue, and stand in my           
place, making the world forget that I was ever an author. This              
indeed would be too great a mortification if I wrote for fame: but, as      
my sole intention was the PUBLIC GOOD, I cannot be altogether               
disappointed. For who can read of the virtues I have mentioned in           
the glorious Houyhnhnms, without being ashamed of his own vices,            
when he considers himself as the reasoning, governing animal of his         
country? I shall say nothing of those remote nations where Yahoos           
preside; amongst which the least corrupted are the Brobdingnagians,         
whose wise maxims in morality and government it would be our happiness      
to observe. But I forbear descanting farther, and rather leave the          
judicious reader to own remarks and applications.                           
  I am not a little pleased that this work of mine can possibly meet        
with no censurers: for what objections can be made against a writer         
who relates only plain facts that happened in such distant                  
countries, where we have not the least interest with respect either to      
trade or negotiations? I have carefully avoided every fault with which      
common writers of travels are often too justly charged. Besides, I          
meddle not the least with any party, but write without passion,             
prejudice, or illwill against any man or number of men whatsoever. I        
write for the noblest end, to inform and instruct mankind, over whom I      
may, without breach of modesty, pretend to some superiority, from           
the advantages I received by conversing so long among the most              
accomplished Houyhnhnms. I write without any view towards profit or         
praise. I never suffer a word to pass that may look like reflection,        
or possibly give the least offence even to those who are most ready to      
take it. So that I hope I may with justice pronounce myself an              
author perfectly blameless, against whom the tribes of answerers,           
considerers, observers, reflecters, detecters, remarkers, will never        
be able to find matter for exercising their talents.                        
  I confess it was whispered to me that I was bound in duty as a            
subject of England to have given in a memorial to a Secretary of State      
at my first coming over; because whatever lands are discovered by a         
subject belong to the Crown. But I doubt whether our conquests in           
the countries I treat of, would be as easy as those of Ferdinando           
Cortez over the naked Americans. The Lilliputians I think are hardly        
worth the charge of a fleet and army to reduce them; and I question         
whether it might be prudent or safe to attempt the Brobdingnagians; or      
whether an English army would be much at their ease with the Flying         
Island over their heads. The Houyhnhnms, indeed, appear not to be so        
well prepared for war, a science to which they are perfect                  
strangers, and especially against missive weapons. However,                 
supposing myself to be a minister of state, I could never give my           
advice for invading them. Their prudence, unanimity,                        
unacquaintedness with fear, and their love of their country, would          
amply supply all defects in the military art. Imagine twenty                
thousand of them breaking into the midst of a European army,                
confounding the confounding the ranks, overturning the carriages,           
battering the warriors' faces into mummy by terrible yerks from             
their hinder hoofs. For they would well deserve the character given to      
Augustus: Recalcitrat unclique tutus. But instead of proposals for          
conquering that magnanimous nation, I rather wish they were in a            
capacity or disposition to send a number of their inhabitants for           
civilizing Europe, by teaching us the first principles of honor,            
truth, temperance, public spirit, fortitude, chastity, benevolence,         
and fidelity. The names of all which virtues are still retained             
among us in languages, and are to be met with in modern as well as          
ancient which I am able to assert from my own small reading.                
                                                   {P_4|CH_12 ^paragraph 10}
  But I had another reason which made me less forward to enlarge his        
Majesty's dominions by my discoveries. To say the truth, I had              
conceived a few scruples with relation to the distributive justice          
of princes upon those occasions. For instance, a crew of pirates are        
driven by a storm they know not whither, at length a boy discovers          
land from the topmast, they go on shore to rob and plunder, they see a      
harmless people, are entertained with kindness, they give the               
country a new name, they take formal possession of it for their             
King, they set up a rotten plank or a stone for a memorial, they            
murder two or three dozen of the natives, bring away a couple more          
by force for a sample, return home, and get their pardon. Here              
commences a new dominion acquired with a title by divine right.             
Ships are sent with the first opportunity, the natives driven out or        
destroyed, their princes tortured to discover their gold, a free            
license given to all acts of inhumanity and lust, the earth reeking         
with the blood of its inhabitants: and this execrable crew of butchers      
employed in so pious an expedition, is a modern colony sent to convert      
and civilize an idolatrous and barbarous people.                            
  But this description, I confess, does by no means affect the British      
nation, who may be an example to the whole world for their wisdom,          
care, and justice in planting colonies; their liberal endowments for        
the advancement of religion and learning; their choice of devout and        
able pastors to propagate Christianity; their caution in stocking           
their provinces with people of sober lives and conversations from this      
the mother kingdom; their strict regard to the distribution of              
justice, in supplying the civil administration through all their            
colonies with officers of the greatest abilities, utter strangers to        
corruption; and to crown all, by sending the most vigilant and              
virtuous governors, who have no other views than the happiness of           
the people over whom they preside, and the honor of the King their          
master.                                                                     
  But, as those countries which I have described do not appear to have      
any desire of being conquered, and enslaved, murdered or driven out by      
colonies, nor abound either in gold, silver, sugar, or tobacco; I           
did humbly conceive they were by no means proper objects of our             
zeal, our valor, or our interest. However, if those whom it more            
concerns think fit to be of another opinion, I am ready to depose,          
when I shall be lawfully called, that no European did ever visit these      
countries before me. I mean, if the inhabitants ought to he                 
believed; unless a dispute may arise about the two Yahoos, said to          
have been seen many ages ago in a mountain in Houyhnhnm-land, from          
whence the opinion is, that the race of those brutes has descended;         
and these, for anything I know, may have been English, which indeed         
I was apt to suspect from the lineaments of their posterity's               
countenances, although very much defaced. But, how far that will go to      
make out a title, I leave to the learned in colony-law.                     
  But as to the formality of taking possession in my Sovereign's name,      
it never came once into my thoughts; and if it had, yet as my               
affairs then stood, I should perhaps in point of prudence and               
self-preservation have put it off to a better opportunity.                  
  Having thus answered the only objection that can ever be raised           
against me as a traveler, I here take a final leave of all my               
courteous readers, and return to enjoy my own speculations in my            
little garden at Redriff, to apply those excellent lessons of virtue        
which I learned among the Houyhnhnms, to instruct the Yahoos of my own      
family as far as I shall find them docile animals; to behold my figure      
often in a glass, and thus if possible habituate myself by time to          
tolerate the sight of a human creature; to lament the brutality of          
Houyhnhnms in my own country, but always treat their persons with           
respect, for the sake of my noble master, his family, his friends, and      
the whole Houyhnhnm race, whom these ours have the honor to resemble        
in all their lineaments, however their intellectuals came to                
degenerate.                                                                 
                                                   {P_4|CH_12 ^paragraph 15}
  I began last week to permit my wife to sit at dinner with me, at the      
farthest end of a long table, and to answer (but with the utmost            
brevity) the few questions I ask her. Yet the smell of a Yahoo              
continuing very offensive, I always keep my nose well stopped with          
rue, lavender, or tobacco leaves. And although it be hard for a man         
late in life to remove old habits, I am not altogether out of hopes in      
some time to suffer a neighbor Yahoo in my company, without the             
apprehensions I am yet under of his teeth or his claws.                     
  My reconcilement to the Yahoo-kind in general might not be so             
difficult, if they would be content with those vices and follies            
only which nature has entitled them to. I am not in the least provoked      
at the sight of a lawyer, a pick-pocket, a colonel, a fool, a lord,         
a gamester, a politician, a whore-master, a physician, an evidence,         
a suborner, an attorney, a traitor, or the like; this is all according      
to the due course of things: but when I behold a lump of deformity and      
diseases both in body and mind, smitten with pride, it immediately          
breaks all the measures of my patience; neither shall I be ever able        
to comprehend how such an animal and such a vice could tally together.      
The wise and virtuous Houyhnhnms, who abound in all excellencies            
that can adorn a rational creature, have no name for this vice in           
their language, which has no terms to express anything that is evil,        
except those whereby they describe the detestable qualities of their        
Yahoos, among which they were not able to distinguish this of pride,        
for want of thoroughly understanding human nature, as it shows              
itself in other countries, where that animal presides. But I, who           
had more experience, could plainly observe some rudiments of it             
among the wild Yahoos.                                                      
  But the Houyhnhnms, who live under the government of reason, are          
no more proud of the good qualities they possess, than I should be for      
not wanting a leg or an arm, which no man in his wits would boast           
of, although he must be miserable without them. I dwell the longer          
upon this subject from the desire I have to make the society of an          
English Yahoo by any means not insupportable; and therefore I here          
entreat those who have any tincture of this absurd vice, that they          
will not presume to come in my sight.                                       
-                                                                           
                             THE END                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
Electronically Enhanced Text  (C) Copyright 1991, 1992, World Library, Inc. 
--------------------------------------------------------------
                         HANSEL AND GRETEL
   Once upon a time . . . a very poor woodcutter lived in a tiny cottage in 
the forest with his two children, Hansel and Gretel. His second wife often 
ill-treated the children and was forever nagging the woodcutter.
   "There is not enough food in the house for us all. There are too many 
mouths to feed! We must get rid of the two brats," she declared. And she kept 
on trying to persuade her husband to abandon his children in the forest.
   "Take them miles from home, so far that they can never find their way back!
Maybe someone will find them and give them a home." The downcast woodcutter 
didn't know what to do. Hansel who, one evening, had overheard his parents'
conversation, comforted Gretel.                                 =--=
   "Don't worry! If they do leave us in the forest, we'll find the way home," 
he said. And slipping out of the house he filled his pockets with little white
pebbles, then went back to bed.
   All night long, the woodcutter's wife harped on and on at her husband till,
at dawn, he led Hansel and Gretel away into the forest. But as they went into 
the depths of the trees, Hansel dropped a little white pebble here and there 
on the mossy green ground. At a certain point, the two children found they 
really were alone: the woodcutter had plucked up enough courage to desert 
them, had mumbled an excuse and was gone.
   Night fell but the woodcutter did not return. Gretel began to sob bitterly.
Hansel too felt scared but he tried to hide his feelings and comfort his 
sister.
   "Don't cry, trust me! I swear I'll take you home even if Father doesn t 
come back for us!" Luckily the moon was full that night and Hansel waited till
its cold light filtered through the trees.
   "Now give me your hand!" he said. "We'll get home safely, you'll see!" The 
tiny white pebbles gleamed in the moonlight, and the children found their
way home. They crept through a half-open window, without wakening their 
parents. Cold, tired but thankful to be home again, they slipped into bed.
   Next day, when their stepmother discovered that Hansel and Gretel had 
returned, she went into a rage. Stifling her anger in front of the children, 
she locked her bedroom door, reproachlng her husband for failing to carry out 
her orders. The weak woodcutter protested, torn as he was between shame and 
fear of disobeying his cruel wife. The wicked stepmother kept Hansel and 
Gretel under lock and key all day with nothing for supper but a sip of water 
and some hard bread. All night, husband and wife quarrelled, and when dawn 
came, the woodcutter led the children out into the forest.
   Hansel, however, had not eaten his bread, and as he walked through the 
trees, he left a trail of crumbs behind him to mark the way. But the little 
boy had forgotten about the hungry birds that lived in the forest. When they 
saw him, they flew along behind and in no time at all, had eaten all the 
crumbs. Again, with a lame excuse, the woodcutter left his two children by 
themselves.
   "I've left a trail, like last time!" Hansel whispered to Gretel, 
consolingly. But when night fell, they saw to their horror, that all the 
crumbs had gone.
   "I'm frightened!" wept Gretel bitterly. "I'm cold and hungry and I want to 
go home!"
   "Don't be afraid. I'm here to look after you!" Hansel tried to encourage 
his sister, but he too shivered when he glimpsed frightening shadows and evil 
eyes around them in the darkness. All night the two children huddled together 
for warmth at the foot of a large tree.
   When dawn broke, they started to wander about the forest, seeking a path, 
but all hope soon faded. They were well and truly lost. On they walked and 
walked, till suddenly they came upon a strange cottaae in the middle of a 
glade.
   "This is chocolate!" gasped Hansel as he broke a lump of plaster from the 
wall.
   "And this is icing!" exclaimed Gretel, putting another piece of wall in her
mouth. Starving but delighted, the children began to eat pieces of candy 
broken off the cottage.
   "Isn't this delicious?" said Gretel, with her mouth full. She had never 
tasted anything so nice.
   "We'll stay here," Hansel declared, munching a bit of nougat. They were 
just about to try a piece of the biscuit door when it quietly swung open.
   "Well, well!" said an old woman, peering out with a crafty look. "And 
haven't you children a sweet tooth?"
   "Come in! Come in, you've nothing to fear!" went on the old woman. 
Unluckily for Hansel and Gretel, however, the sugar candy cottage belonged to 
an old witch, her trap for catching unwary victims. The two children had come 
to a really nasty place . . .
   "You're nothing but skin and bones!" said the witch, locking Hansel into a 
cage. I shall fatten you up and eat you!"
   "You can do the housework," she told Gretel grimly, "then I'll make a meal
of you too!" As luck would have it, the witch had very bad eyesight, an when 
Gretel smeared butter on her glasses, she could see even less.
   "Let me feel your finger!" said the witch to Hansel every day to check if 
he was getting any fatter. Now, Gretel had brought her brother a chicken bone,
and when the witch went to touch his finger, Hansel held out the bone.
   "You're still much too thin!" she complained. When will you become plump?" 
One day the witch grew tired of waltlng.
   "Light the oven," she told Gretel. "We're going to have a tasty roasted boy
today!" A little later, hungry and impatient, she went on: "Run and see if the
oven is hot enough." Gretel returned, whimpering: "I can't tell if it is hot
enough or not." Angrily, the wltch screamed at the little girl: "Useless 
child! All right, I'll see for myself." But when the witch bent down to peer
inside the oven and check the heat, Gretel gave her a tremendous push and 
slammed the oven door shut. The witch had come to a fit and proper end. Gretel
ran to set her brother free and they made quite sure that the oven door was 
tightly shut behind the witch. Indeed, just to be on the safe side, they 
fastened it firmly with a large padlock. Then they stayed for several days to 
eat some more of the house, till they discovered amongst the witch's 
belongings, a huge chocolate egg. Inside lay a casket of gold coins.
   "The witch is now burnt to a cinder," said Hansel, "so we'll take this 
treasure with us." They filled a large basket with food and set off into the 
forest to search for the way home. This time, luck was with them, and on the 
second day, they saw their father come out of the house towards them, weeping.
   "Your stepmother is dead. Come home with me now, my dear children!" The two
 children hugged the woodcutter.
   "Promise you'll never ever desert us again," said Gretel, throwing her arms
round her father's neck. Hansel opened the casket.
   "Look, Father! We're rich now . . . You'll never have to chop wood 
again . . ."
   And they all lived happily together ever after.
                  THE HARE AND THE ELEPHANT 
   Once upon a time . . . in the Indian jungle, lived a young elephant whose 
playmate was a very large hare. In spite of the difference in size, they were 
great friends and had fun playing strange guessing games. One day, the hare 
said to his chum:
   "Which of us is bigger: you or me?" At that silly question, the little 
elephant nearly choked on his banana.
   "You must be joking!" he exclaimed. "Why, even on tiptoe, you re not as 
high as my knee!" But the hare went on:
   "That's what you think! Since I say that I'm bigger than you, we need a 
judge. Don't you agree?"
   "Oh, yes," said the elephant in surprise.
   "Well, let's go along to the village and see what the Humans have to say. 
They're the cleverest of all the animals, and the best judges!" As they 
reached the village, they met some of the villagers.
   "Look at that young elephant! Isn't he small?" folk remarked as the unusual
couple strolled by.
   "Yes, he is indeed! But he'll soon grow up," said others. Then somebody 
noticed the hare. 
   "What a huge hare!" they all cried. Now, the hare tried to keep in front of
 elephant and puffed out his chest. As he passed, all the villagers exclaimed:
   "Look at his paws! And those ears! That's the biggest hare we've ever 
seen!" When he heard this, the hare turned to his friend, saying, 
   "We can go home now! That's settled! I'm huge and you're tiny!" The 
elephant tossed his heavy head. At a loss for words, he knew the hare had won 
by low cunning. But back on the jungle path, he lifted his foot and said to 
the hare, walking ahead, "Get out of my way before a tiny elephant crushes a 
big hare like you!"
                   THE HARE AND THE PORCUPINE 
   Once upon a time . . . an old porcupine lived in a large wood with his twin
sons. Apples were their favourite dish, but the youngsters sometimes raided a 
neighbouring vegetable plot for the turnips Dad loved to munch. One day, one 
of the young porcupines set off as usual to fetch the turnips. Like all 
porcupines, he was a slow walker, and he had just reached a large cabbage, 
when from behind the leaves, out popped a hare.
   "So you have arrived at last!" said the hare. "I've been watching you for 
half an hour. Do you always dawdle? I hope you're quicker at eating, or it 
will take you a year to finish the turnips!" Instead of going into a huff at 
being teased, the porcupine decided to get his own back by being very crafty.
   Slow on his feet but a quick thinker, he rapidly hit on a plan. So the hare
sneered at the slow porcupine, did he? Well, the hare's own turn of speed would
be his downfall!
   "I can run faster than you if I try," said the porcuplne "Ha! Ha!" the hare
shrieked with laughter, raising a large paw. "You can't compete with this! My
grandad was the speediest hare of his day. He even won a gold penny. He used 
to be my coach. And you tell me you can run faster than me? Well, I bet my 
grandad's gold penny that I can win without even trying!"
   The porcupine paid little heed to the hare's boastful words and quietly 
acccepted the challenge. "I'll meet you tomorrow down at the ploughed field. 
We'll race in parallel furrows. And see wins!"
   The hare went away laughing.
   "Better stay here all night! You'll never get home and back in time for the
race!" he told the porcupine. The porcupine, however, had a bright idea. When
he arrived home, he told his twin brother what had happened. Just before dawn
next day, he gave his instructions, and off they set for the field. Hare 
appeared, rudely remarking: "I'll take off my jacket so I can run faster!"
   Ready! Steady! Go! And in a flash, the hare streaked to the other end of 
the field. There, waiting for him was a porcupine, which tesingly said:
   "Rather late, aren't you? I've been here for ages!" Gasping and so 
breathless his throat was dry, the hare whispered: "Let's try again!"
   "All right," agreed the porcupine, "we'll run the race again." Never in all
his life had the hare run so fast. Not even with the hounds snapping at his 
heels. But every time he reached the other end of the ploughed field, what did
he flnd but the porcupine, who laughingly  exclaimed: "What? Late again? I 
keep  on getting here first!" Racing up and down the field the hare sped, 
trying to beat the porcupine. His legs grew terribly tired and he began to 
sag. And every time he came to the end of the field there stood a porcupine
calling himself the winner.
   "Perhaps I ought to mention, friend hare, that my grandad was the fastest
porcupine of his day. He didn't win a gold penny, but he won apples, and after
the race, he ate them. But I don't want apples. I'd rather have the nice gold 
penny you promised me!" said one of the porcupine twins.
   The hare slid to the ground, dead tired. His head was spinning and his legs
felt like rubber.
   "This race is the end of me! I shall die here in this field, where I really
believed I was a sprinter! The shame of it! What a disgrace!" The hare 
staggered home, hot and sticky, to fetch the gold penny that he had never for 
a moment ever imagined he would lose. His eyes brimming with tears, he handed 
it over to the porcupines. 
   "Thank goodness my grandad isn't alive to see this!" he said. "Whatever 
would he say? After all his coaching, here I am, beaten by a porcupine!"
   That evening, a party was held at the porcupines' house. The twins danced 
triumphantly in turn, waving aloft the gold penny. Father Porcupine brought 
out his old accordion for the special occasion, and the fun went on all night.
 As luck would have it, the hare never did find out the secret of how the race
had been rigged. Which was just as well! . . .
                    THE HARE AND THE TORTOISE
   Once upon a time .... there was a hare who, boasting how he could run 
faster than anyone else, was forever teasing tortoise for its slowness. Then 
one day, the irate tortoise answered back: "Who do you think you are? There's 
no denying you're swift, but even you can be beaten!" The hare squealed with 
laughter.
   "Beaten in a race? By whom? Not you, surely! I bet there's nobody in the 
world that can win against me, I'm so speedy. Now, why don't you try?"
   Annoyed by such bragging, the tortoise accepted the challenge. A course was
planned, and next day at dawn they stood at the startiny line. The hare yawned
sleepily as the meek tortoise trudged slowly off. When the hare saw how 
painfully slow his rival was, he decided, half asleep on his feet, to have a 
quick nap. "Take your time!" he said. "I'll have forty winks and catch up with
you in a minute."
   The hare woke with a start from a fitful sleep and gazed round, looking for
the tortoise. But the creature was only a short distance away, having barely 
covered a third of the course. Breathing a sigh of relief, the hare decided he
might as well have breakfast too, and off he went to munch some cabbages he 
had noticed in a nearby field. But the heavy meal and the hot sun made his 
eyelids droop. With a careless glance at the tortoise, now halfway along the 
course, he decided to have another snooze before flashing past the winning 
post. And smiling at the thought of the look on the tortoise's face when it 
saw the hare speed by, he fell fast asleep and was soon snoring happily. The 
sun started to sink, below the horizon, and the tortoise, who had been 
plodding towards the winning post since morning, was scarcely a yard from the 
finish. At that very point, the hare woke with a jolt. He could see the 
tortoise a speck in the distance and away he dashed. He leapt and bounded at a
great rate, his tongue lolling, and gasping for breath. Just a little more and
he'd be first at the finish. But the hare's last leap was just too late, for
the tortoise had beaten him to the winning post. Poor hare! Tired and in 
disgrace, he slumped down beside the tortoise who was silently smiling at him.
   "Slowly does it every time!" he said.
                                             healer.txt
                                             Ben Blumenberg
                                             Reality Software
                                             P.O. Box 105
                                             Waldoboro, Me 04572
                                             June 26, 1992
                          THE SOUL HEALER
     "I've got someone here that you should meet."
     Sam's seven foot tall magnificence was granite hard and
impassive, but his voice wavered slightly.
     "Enough, Sam.  Enough!"
     "No, not enough!  You survived and I want you to talk to
her!"
     "No!"
     "Yes!  Damn it!  You will!  I don't care if you've decided
to die in an avalanche of self pity.  I've lost all patience with
your guilt and self-inflicted torment.  You survived!  You are
the only survivor.  You escaped from Andersonville!  Revel in it!
You are alive and life remains and revenge is possible."
     The small slight man sitting opposite Sam turned slowly on
his stool.  He stared at Sam with a look of hate, death and
indescribable torment.  His mouth twitched, his eyes went blank
and unfocused, then quickly chaotic and mad, then dead, then ...
The cycle repeated itself endlessly.  His eyes with their madness
and death seemed unconnected to the rest of the man's face or
being.  Judging from the eyes, the man was truly mad.  Judging
from his missing left hand that had been replaced by a metal
claw, the past contained genuine horrors.
     Sam took all of this in at a glance, the sight was familiar.
He had been closeted with this deranged little man ever since the
fellow's space shuttle landed on the fringes of Akabah's
spaceport.  Had he gone too far?  Inwardly, Sam felt enormous
pity and sorrow, mixed with a bit of admiration, for the human
wreckage before him.
     Andersonville used to be the Federation's maximum security
prison planet; it was now run by the Gorgons.  They were
certainly benovolent despots, except for the activities rumored
to take place on Andersonville.  After conquering this quadrant
of the galaxy over a century ago, they soon left the daily
governance of most hominid planets intact, tax collection and the
legal system excepted.  What could they want with the galaxy's
most violent, incorrigible criminals who were beyond any
possibility of rehabilitation?  Rumors abounded about torture,
bionic engineering and hideous experiments that were performed
upon the living and the dead.  Andersonville had acquired a
reputation as a chamber of horrors designed to test the limits
not only of human pyschic endurance, but human genetic material
as well.  However, rumor was rumor and nothing more.  The fact
was no-one knew precisely what the Gorgons did on their prison
planet because no humans had been permitted to either enter or
leave Andersonville for several decades.  Besides, such gossip
had all the ear marks of space opera cliche.  Certainly, it only
reflected racist human attitudes towards their reptilian
overlords.  Vicious, sadistic criminals were themselves hardly
human; the Federation was best rid of them.
     All of this flashed through Sam's mind as he confronted the
small, mad man with the metal hand before him.  Was he truly the
first escapee from Andersonville?  His shuttle craft's computer
memory was coded for Andersonville as the place of embarkation.
No coordinates were given, the location of the prison planet
remained unknown.  Had the compu-log been altered?  Was better
evidence of the reality of Andersonville the man's madness?  Or,
his metal claw? 
     "I won't talk to her.  I ...can't...I'm mad, you know."
     "So is she."
     The man lifted his face to the Tygor giant.
     "Next, you'll tell me she also escaped from Andersonville."
     "No, I won't.  This girl is not human.  She is the only Soul
Healer known in our entire universe and she herself claims to be
the only one.  She might, possibly, be able to help you, to calm
the whirlwind in your head.  She might give you hope for the
possibility of life after so much pain.  Possibly.  Possibly..."
     To Sam's surprise, he heard himself muttering.
     "Such noble motives, tall green one."  The man's metallic
voice dripped with contempt.  "What you want is information, all
I can give you about the Gorgon's dark side."
     "True."  Odd, thought Sam.  The eyes are mad, but the words
are not.
     "Those other possibilities are real."
     "False hope, I neither need nor want.  I simply wish to
die."
     The man's voice was now monotonic and flat; no inflection or
emotion infused his words.  He might have been - perhaps was? - a
robot so deficient in programming that it could not even imitate
human feelings.  Now, there is a thought, mused Sam.  I'm dealing
with a defective android, possibly one of those trained killers -
a replicant.
     "I've told you repeatedly, I can't give you any information.
I don't remember Andersonville.  I'm speak the truth."
     "And your metal claw?"
     "That is also a mystery to me."
     "Sometime events too horrible to encompass are blocked out
from the brain's recall process but remain within its memory
banks.  This selective, unconscious amnesia is a common process.
Many people do it with childhood trauma.  The Soul Healer can
help you penetrate that fear and remember."
     "I don't wish to remember.  I don't wish anything except to
be left alone."
     "Now considering where you've been, the Federation can
hardly do that."
     Sam chuckled audibly, but was again the reply was stony
silence.  He sighed.  Very well then, he thought, without your
permission.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
     Sam opened a side door to the windowless, grey, metallic
cubicle in which the interogation had been taking place.
     "Come in, please."
     The Soul Healer entered.  She walked slowly, glancing
neither to the right or left but straight ahead into the future
of her dreams.  Tiny, petite, and voluptuous, the girl exuded
surprisingly little sexuality considering her appearance. 
Rather, she gave off an aura of great sadness mixed with hints of
awesome power.  Magic truly transcended sex.  Her curly brown
hair glistened, ringlets cascaded to her shoulders.  A
pugnacious, upturned nose was singularly out of place.  Her mouth
was fine, hard and tight lipped. 
     Her eyes, however, transfixed all who could look at her for
they did not exist.  No iris or pupil greeted the onlooker. 
Where human eyes reside, featureless ellipses of greyish almond
filled the sockets.  Soul Healers were more than blind.  Although
they could not see visible light, they were mutants who could see
through the window of the soul.
     The small man with the metal claw and dead voice looked up.
     "It won't do any good, you know.  No good, at all."
     Sam started and the hair on the back of his neck stood up.
Was that sadness in the man's voice?
     The Soul Healer unerringly took the seat Sam held for her
and faced the prisoner.  She could easily sense objects with
precision.
     "I'll be back in an hour."  Sam coughed and left the room by
the side door.  If the Soul Healer could not probe the man's
mind, his secrets would likely lie buried forever. 
     The prisoner and the Soul Healer stared wordlessly at one
another. 
     But not for long.
     "If you don't cooperate with me, they'll turn you over to
Father Adler."  The Soul Healer's voice was sweet and warm,
although deep and husky.
     "Who is he?"  The man with the dead voice sat motionless on
his metal stool staring at the Soul Healer.
     "Father Adler is the Federation's Chief Assassin and he is
also a Master Interrogator.  When he gets through with people,
they are never the same."
     Silence.
     "I've been told," said the Soul Healer, "that you do not
refuse food and drink.  If you want to die, why don't you starve
yourself to death?"
     "I don't know."
     "You seem surprisingly ignorant of yourself."
     "Yes."
     Although he had been staring at her for several minutes, the
man finally consciously noticed the physical presence of the Soul
Healer.  Her beauty and sex made a powerful impact, although his
face remained impassive.  The tight fitting blue trousers and
white jersey accentuated the obvious.  Her seamless gold belt,
black boots and rhubidium ringlet earrings emphasized her aura of
power and rarity.  The rhubidium stones in her right nostril
glistened with iridescent, multifaceted hues that changed and
transformed moment by moment.  All of this the prisoner noticed
but what quickly overpowered him were her not-eyes.
     "Well, not quite dead are we?"  Sex, pity and remorse. Not
bad, not bad."  The Soul Healer's tone contained just a trace of
sarcasm.
     "I'm sorry," said the prisoner.
     "Don't be," said the Soul Healer.  "May I touch you, hold
your hands in mine?  That is how I do my work."
     "No, you may not!  No one touches me!  No one!  I'll kill
you if you try."  The man's tone was reflected terrible,
invisible demons.
     "I won't hurt you," said the Soul Healer.
     "Yes, you will," said the prisoner softly.  "You won't mean
to but you will."
     "What is your name?"
     "I don't know."
     "May I call you Anderson, then?"
     "If you wish."
     Silence.
     "If I touch you, why will it hurt?"
     "I don't know, but it will, unbearably."
     Silence.  
     "I can't help you, if I cannot hold your hands."
     "It doesn't matter, nothing can help me."
     Silence.
     In a movement so quick and assured that it caught the
prisoner completely off guard, the Soul Healer grabbed and
momemtarily held both his hands, the one made of flesh and the
metal claw.
     But only for a second.
     The man screamed and ripped his hands away from the Soul
Healer.  A gaping wound opened up in her left palm.  He then
stood up and threw the metal stool at her head, striking a
glancing blow.  The Soul Healer slumped to the floor.
     Sam burst in through the side door to find the prisoner
holding his head and screaming and the Soul Healer on the floor,
her left hand bleeding profusely.
     'You animal!" bellowed Sam.  "The Soul Healer is the
gentlest creature in the entire galaxy.  They do Dream Repair,
you idiot!"  Sam picked up the prisoner and flung him against the
opposite wall of the room.  He crumpled up and lay silent.
     Sam bent over to look at the injured Soul Healer.  He
watched in amazement as the deep gash in her palm healed itself.
Coagulated blood was absorbed, new tissue flowed into the wound
and not the tiniest scar remained.  There was also no visible
mark on her head where the stool had struck her.
     The Soul Healer opened her sightless, almond non-eyes, shook
herself and with grace and lightness stood up.
     "I have your answer, Sam, at least as complete an answer as
I can provide."
     The Tygor giant nodded.
     "The Gorgons have gone into his brain and altered it in an
extraordinary manner.  The center where dreams originate, the
locus coerulus in the brain stem, has been surgically removed,   
or destroyed, and replaced with a bio-copy.  The locus coerulus
is now composed of cells cloned from non-nervous system tissue. 
They have been grown so as to mimic neurons.  These fake nerve
cells called phenocopies have then been used to construct what
appear to be synaptic connections and neural circuitry.  This new
locus coerulus is active biochemically but cannot function as
nervous tissue.  In plain language, this man cannot dream and has
no fantasies!"
     "Why would the Gorgons want to produce such despair?"
     The Soul Healer did not hestitate.  "I wonder if they cannot
dream and wished to study the process precisely because it is
alien to them.  In effect, this poor man has no soul, for that is
impossible without dreams and fantasies."
     "So that is our glimpse into Andersonville," whispered Sam.
     "Yes."  Tears trickled slowly down the face of the Soul
Healer from her almond not-eyes.
     "That is not all.  This man is not without feeling, in spite
of the bio-engineering experiment performed upon him.  He... He
was overcome with sorrow and compassion at the sight of me.
He...even wanted to hold and kiss me.  Almost everyone just
stares at me and is afraid, like you Sam."
     The seven foot tall Tygor stared down at his feet.
     "I can't help him or us.  I deeply wish that I could, but I
cannot.  Dream Repair is impossible if someone cannot dream."
     With a strangely distracted gesture, the Soul Healer wiped
the tears from her cheeks and disappeared in a misty, iridescent
cloud of purple haze.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
     Jared Colfax, who was also known in much of the galaxy's
underworld as Father Adler, sat opposite the shimmering purple
haze that had just appeared in his study.  He had been thinking
of Tamar whom he couldn't love and who was now dead, perhaps
because of him.  Relationships were a mess, he thought and
several centuries of practice didn't seem to make his own any
easier.  After obtaining his promise to help in the forthcoming
war, Oriana had promptly disappeared.  She wasn't on Kushanah
with Astreus, her whereabouts were truly unknown.  This is one
woman I truly love, he mused.  But what kind of love is it?  I'm
lucky to see and touch the immortal Dacian once every decade.
Hardly fulfilling.  I'm lonely, he realized.  Everybody is afraid
of me once again, and I'm alone.
     The purple haze in front of Father Adler took form,
coalesced and became, to all appearances, the flesh and blood of
the Soul Healer. 
     By the gods, she is beautiful, he thought.  But then all the
women I've cared for seem to be, even scarred Oriana.  He looked
into the Soul Healer's almond not-eyes.
     "Feeling sorry for yourself, Jared?"  Her voice was soft and
sad.
     "Oh briefly, yes."
     "You don't known what loneliness is, my friend.  I'm the
only one of my kind in this entire universe and I cannot return
to mine.  The Penrose Tunnel through which I emerged seems to
have disappeared.  I ... I cannot find it."
     To Jared's amazement, she hung her head.
     "Help us while you're here, Soul Healer.  Evil is about to
be set loose upon this galaxy.  Oriana says so and that is enough
for me.  My guess is that Evil follows the Gorgons because they
have no souls and cannot dream.  They dilute the Good and the
True, weaken the positive fields and Evil flows towards the newly
created stress points.  Frankly, I'm rather glad you can't get
home."
     "I've come to the same conclusion," said the Soul Healer in
a barely audible whisper.  "But, I'm certainly not happy that I'm
stuck in your universe.  I want to go home."  The Soul Healer
sounded infinitely sad, almost like a child.  "I've had it with
humans in all their endless variety, but infinite sameness.  Such
schizophrenic force, such love, such cruelty."
     "There are other beings in the universe, Soul Healer."
     "Make love to me, Dacian Lord."  She faced him directly, her
not-eyes in line with his.  "I can hold this form for as long as
I wish.  Make love to me, Jared.  Part of me will be less lonely
for a little while and I will give you exquisite pleasure.  Part
of me is flesh."
     They went to Jared's stateroom on the flagship and made love
in the opulent bedroom on top of green velvet blankets.  Slowly,
gently, longingly they made love.  The Soul Healer did give
Father Adler exquisite pleasure and somewhat to her surprise, he
did likewise to her. 
     Much later the same day, they were in love.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
     Evil appeared on a Monday afternoon in the outer arm of a
rather large spiral galaxy that was the second largest member of
a galactic cluster quixotically named the Local Group.  Evil
materialized near an old forgotten, now uninhabited, almost
mythical planet called Earth, the same planet that provided the
soil Father Adler carried in the leather pouch around his neck.
Earth was a particularly appropriate place for such an event, for
it was sterile due to the hominid caused nuclear wars of ages
past.  Had humankind not evolved elsewhere in the galaxy, as well
as on this backwater Terran rock, hominid history might have
ended then.
     
     
     
`...how  could  Nature...  assure  us that we must not,  however,
decide to love ourselves if that might cause others pain?'
                 Donatien Alphonse Francois de Sade
Hani  watched  over Andrey's shoulder as he manipulated the image
on  the  screen,  rotating  it,  zooming  in  to examine details,
panning  across  the  intricate  designs.  A slight frown crossed
Andrey's  face  as the machine laboured to keep up the display...
the object was very detailed.
    "This bit," Hani pointed, "you press it in and turn it at the
same time."  "Okay..." Andrey put his left hand into the feedback
glove, and a wireframe hand appeared on the screen. "Are you sure
this is safe?"
    "Relax.   As Terry Gilliam said in `Monty Python and the Holy
Grail', `It's only a model'."
    "I   know."    Andrey  turned  in  his  ergonomic  Hans  Rudi
Giger-designed  chair  to face her.  "If you will recall, `only a
model'  is  exactly what Phillip LeMarchand said about that thing
when  he  made  it,"  gesturing  with  his free right hand at the
puzzle box that sat on the face of the HP scanner.  The elaborate
brasswork  gleamed  in  the  bright light of Andrey's architect's
drawing-board lamps.
    "What  are you worried about, you fool?  If anything is going
to  happen,  it'll  happen in there," pointing at the case of his
TurboSkum  Tower  586 PC, "so what can happen?  Hard disk crash?"
    "It ain't your hard disk."  Andrey muttered.  He returned his
attention  to  the  display.   The  wireframe  hand  reached out,
pressed  the  centre  of one side of the model of the puzzle box.
A  touch  of  a function key and the hand rotated.  Suddenly, the
image of the box came to life, changing shape with a fluidity and
speed  that  even  his 80586-based pc, running AutoCad Version 23
could  not match.  "Oh shit," Andrey croaked, his throat suddenly
dry.   He  grabbed  for  the box with the feedback glove, but the
wireframe  hand  seemed to pass through the image frictionlessly.
It  now  looked like an elaborate cog, a spastic rubik's cube, an
elongated  spearhead,  a crown-of-thorns starfish.  Blurring with
motion,  the  box resolved into a cube once more.  Andrey grasped
it with the feedback glove.  "Got the little fucker," he grinned.
    Then,  the image of the box on the monitor sprouted dozens of
spikes,  like the Iraqi weapons that Hani had seen, potatoes with
six-inch   nails   thrust  through  them  to  make  economy-sized
morningstars.   Andrey  shouted, "Chort vosmi!".  Gleaming silver
spikes were protruding from the back of the black plastic mesh of
the feedback glove.  He tried to tug his hand from it, but it was
plainly fixed.  Blood ran from inside the glove, to drip down the
cable  leading  from  the glove's interface and pool on the desk.
Hani  grabbed  the  nearest  thing  to hand, which happened to be
Andrey's   portable  CD player, and bashed at a spike which poked
almost straight up.  The matte-black case of the CD player passed
right  through the silver sliver, protruding from its back like a
hologram.   Andrey  moaned  as  the CD player hit the back of his
impaled  hand.   The  Cocteau  Twins  skipped  a beat or two (you
really shouldn't hit people with CD players when they are playing
nice  music like `IceBlink Luck').  Through gritted teeth, Andrey
grated,
    "Okay,  you  smartass bitch, now what?  Just a fucking model,
eh?   NOW  WHAT???"   He  shrieked as she grabbed his forearm and
tugged  violently.   The  velcro  padding  that held the feedback
glove's  interface to the desk separated, but not before Andrey's
hand  came  out,  minus  two  fingers.   "YOU  STUPID  BITCH!" he
shouted,  oblivious  of  the  flashes  of  blue  light  that were
emanating  from  the  monitor, slightly diluted to purple through
the  sprays  of blood which ran down the screen.  He took a swipe
at  her  with  his mangled hand, and then a horrific screech came
from   the  machine's hard disk.  The lights on the keyboard were
flashing maniacally.  They had time to glimpse a message outlined
in  an orange rectangle - `GURU MEDITATION' and something else, a
string  of  hex  numbers, as the monitor exploded, peppering them
with  slivers  of glass.  The force of the blast blew Andrey over
backwards  in  his  chair,  dragging  Hani  with  him.  When they
scrambled  to  their  feet, there was someone standing behind the
desk,  one  hand on the top of the scorched monitor case.  He was
dressed  in scraps of black leather, some of which appeared to be
stitched  to  his  skin.  The  general style appeared to be early
1920's  Theatre-goer...  he  had  one  of  those  waistcoat-inset
dickeys  made out of a strip of bleached flesh.  He was wearing a
mask  of  skin,  stapled to his face.  The ravaged lips twitched.
   "Good  morning,  architect."   with  a  flick  of his wrist, a
cut-throat  razor  opened in his right hand.  An icepick appeared
in  his  left.   He  pointed  the  razor at Andrey's face.  A cut
appeared  between  Andrey's  eyes, and spread simultaneously down
his  nose and up through his receding hairline.  Another gesture,
and  the  razor  was  gone.  The cenobite spread his fingers, and
with  a  rotten-calico-tearing  sound,  the two sides of Andrey's
face were torn from the fascia of his skull.
               *       *       *       *       *
    "I  see you've been adding to  your collection." Pinhead said
to Face as the chains clanked, the prisoners groaned and shrieked
on  the  end  of  their hooks.  "Anyone we know?"  Face shook his
head sadly.
    "Just  another  architect of his own destruction."    Pinhead
grimaced.  "Oh,  and  by  the  way,"  Face continued, "if we have
anyone down here who knows how to use a personal computer, I have
an  AutoCad  Model that I think we should upload to some Bulletin
Boards...".    He  waved  the  disk  that  he  had picked up from
Andrey's desk.
Length  : 18912 words
Subject : The Hell Machine
Posted  : 27 Jan 90 07:32:48 GMT
(c) 1985 James Charles Lynn
                            The Hell Machine
                                   By
                             James C. Lynn
                                    1
                       GGGRRRRRRRRRRIIIIINNNNNDDD!!!
   Being a friday, the traffic on the 205 bridge was fairly heavy. Roy
Karsten was heading across for Portland in his little four-banger Datsun
pickup. It was a warm, half-cloudy September afternoon and he might have
actually enjoyed the ride except for two little problems. One was the leather
briefcase that sat on the seat beside him. The other
                           KAA-RRRUUNNNNKKK!!!
was the fact that he couldn't get the $%#@&%@@&!! truck into fourth gear. He
had the clutch jammed to the floor but every time he tried to slip the
gearshift into the notch it adamantly refused to cooperate and instead
responded with a clashing of teeth deep in the
                   KAA-RRRUUNNNNKKK... GRRRIIINNNDDD!!!
transmission that set his own teeth on edge. The speedometer was down to 45
now and slowly dropping. This was the last thing he needed now. Earlier he
had called the group at the research center with his findings. After a lot of
arguing he managed to get Frank to hold the experiment at least until he
could get there and show them the figures on paper. He was convinced he was
right. If the Genesis machine worked, they could all be in serious trouble.
Roy suspected his calculations showed only a fraction of the machine's true
potential.
                              WHAM! WHAM!
   The truck shook every time the gears clashed. Roy had a sneaking hunch
that the transmission, and probably the whole truck, was nearing the end of
its useful life. The transmission had been giving him problems lately, but
nothing like this. He didn't have the foggiest what was wrong. He was a
mathmetician, not a mechanic. The needle quivered just below forty. At the
rate he was going, he wouldn't even make it halfway across the bridge. Roy
slammed his foot on the clutch hard, put both hands on the gearshift knob,
gritted his teeth, and jerked the lever into the notch as hard as he could.
                   GGGGGGGRRRRRRRR... KA-WHAAAMMM!!!
   The tiny truck shuddered like a bomb had gone off in the bed, but the
$%#&*! lever finally slipped into the fourth gear slot. In fact, Roy
discovered, it now went into all the slots easily. Even after he let up on
the clutch. When he pressed the accelerator, the engine raced freely. Uh-oh.
  The needle now eased down past thirty. Some creep in a RX-7 shot around him
at seventy, blasting on the horn. After wearing out every carnal verb in his
vocabulary, Roy decided he's better get this heap into the breakdown lane
before it stopped completely. Fortunately he was facing downhill and had
enough momentum to ease it all the way over to the right. He heard gravel
crunch under his tires as he pulled over and it finally occurred to him that
he should turn on the four-way flashers. Since he had no parking brake, he
grabbed the knob and put it it in reverse so it wouldn't roll downhill. He
stared in astonishment as the lever came loose in his hand. Smoke drifted up
from the hole in the transmission hump. The truck was still slowly moving so
he had only one choice. He eased the wheel slightly to the right, gritting
his teeth as first the right fender, then the whole side of the truck, ground
against the concrete barrier. He was ready to jump out if the barrier showed
any sign of breaking, but finally the truck stopped.
    He got out and slammed the door, still holding the gearshift lever. Cars
were zooming by uncomfortably close in the next lane. Still cursing a blue
streak, Roy stomped around to the front of the truck and kicked it hard
enough to break the plastic grille. Jesus, what else could go wrong? He
noticed the lever in his hand for the first time and flung it out over the
barrier. It flew in a long graceful curve, catching splinters of sunlight,
before splashing in the water one hundred thirty feet below.
   Enough temper tantrums, he told himself. First priority was getting those
papers to the lab. Pressing up against the body of the truck to present as
small a target as possible to oncoming traffic, he edged his way back to the
cab. He retrieved his case through the open window and made his way forward
again. He put his thumb out and began walking down the road, more than a
little concious of the barrier beside him. Not even waist high, it was the
only thing "protecting" him from a thirteen story drop.
   Forty minutes later, he was still walking. Nobody had even slowed down.
Most of the cars had Oregon plates, which explained a lot. Oregon drivers
were the most inconsiderate in the entire country. At least Frank was holding
the experiment, or so he hoped. If they fired that thing up...
   He caught a movement out of the corner of one eye. There was something
happening in the east. They hadn't waited. There was no logical basis for
this assumption but he knew it to be true all the same. It was the only
explanation for what he was watching. The briefcase fell from nerveless
fingers.
    A certain well-known landmark in the east had just... dissappeared. In
its place was a huge grey-black dome rising for the sky. The very clouds were
being pulled in towards it. He didn't know exactly what had happened, but he
could make a darn good guess. The entire tableau was taking place in hellish
silence, but he would hear it soon enough. It about three and a half minutes,
if he guaged the distance correctly. Traffic was still speeding by, but a few
vehicles were slowing down as they noticed what was happening. He knew he was
in mortal danger, but there was nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. He should
have stayed with the truck.
   Besides, he wasn't nearly as concerned for his own safety as he was for
the safety of the world.
                                    2
   Not quite meanwhile:
   "He was supposed to be here half an hour ago!" Frank Lindstrom paced
restlessly around the basement lab of the Mechtronix, inc. Portland annex. He
couldn't pace far, as the room was all but packed with sophisticated
equipment. He managed a circle maybe five feet in diameter. It distracted the
others.
   "You know Roy." Replied Jean Lambert. She was sitting at Frank's
monitoring station, trying to make sense of the screens. A physicist she
wasn't. "Responsibility is not his forte."
   "Tell me about it." Frank sighed. "But he sounded so worried. He made me
promise to postpone until he got here."
   Norbert Howell looked up from the X-men comic he had been reading at his
station, "Well, we can't postpone much longer. The capaciters won't hold this
big a charge very long without burning up something expensive. If we don't
start in the next few minutes, I'll have to shut down. It'll take at least a
week to clean up and restart the reactor."
   "Damn." Frank muttered.
   Jean got up and went down to the lower level where the fourth member of
the team was sitting. "Douglas? How are you feeling?"    Douglas Everett
looked up from the photograph he was holding. "O-okay, I guess. I'm... I'm
still ready to try, if you are."
   "Good." She was worried about Doug. He was emotionally unstable and
lightly retarded. He had been married until about a year ago, and then his
wife, Alice, had left him for another man. The shock put him in an
institution, from which he had only been recently released. Alice had
contacted him not long after about the possiblity of a reconciliation. Doug
had been overjoyed. Alice was the only light in an otherwise dismal life.
Then, about two days ago, he recieved news that she had been killed in a
skiing accident on Mt. Hood. He did not lose his grip on reality again, as
everybody feared he might, but something in him had definitely changed. There
were those who thought it might have been better if he had lost it again.
   Frank sat down in his chair and scanned the readouts. "Everything's peaked
for the conditions. It'll take us more like a month to recalibrate." He
looked around at them. "If Roy's not going to show, then I can't take his
warning very seriously. He is prone to exaggeration. I say we go ahead. Any
objections?"
   There were none.
   "Stations, then." Frank said. He started the videotapes. Norbert stashed
his comic and began tuning the reactor controls. Doug pocketed the photograph
and sat back as Jean placed the electroencephelagraphic helmet on his head.
The entire experiment hinged on Doug. He had been long ago tested and found
to have very strong psionic abilities. He couldn't conciously read minds or
bend spoons, but the potential was there. That potential was what made it
possible for the helmet to read images from his brain. Those images were
comverted to computer impulses and fed into the heart of the experiment, the
Genesis machine.
